 Set a nice game for all ages especially college kids ! ~ Entertaining , fun , interesting , in ... i recommend this game ... good purchase ! ~ expensive , great stocking stuffer !
 The game was difficult to understand at first . When we finally understood the directions , we had a great time . It takes practice to get good at it .
 I first played Set about 17 years ago when I was still in school , but it seems to have well withstood the test of time.Set is a great game that can span generations -- it is just as entertaining to a middle schooler as to an adult , and everyone 's basically on equal footing since since this does n't really require any contextual sophistication , just some sharpness and a quick eye . Fairly portable and lacking any formal setup requirements , it 's a good game to take along on trips or anytime when you 're going to be waiting for awhile.It 's not the most exciting game , but it 's a fun diversion and prods your brain into action .
 I saw this toy many times and passed it by , thinking it did n't look like too much fun . But I was wrong ! This is a great game , and I 'm not the only one in my family who 's addicted . It 's a game of perception that challenges the mind . My 9 year old loves it as much as my 14 year old , there 's no age limit . And it keeps them busy ! I 'm not sure what the game states as the age range , but I found it was too difficult for my 7 year old . Even for the rest of us , you have to play a few rounds in order to get used to identifying the `` sets '' , before it comes more easily . But once it does , it 's hard to stop playing . I would highly recommend it .
 This game is so much fun . My 5-year-old loves it . When he 's not playing , my husband and I like to play the more challenging version just the two of us . We ordered 2 more to give as Christmas gifts this year . This game is fun and out of the ordinary . My son is learning patterns , similarities and differences , and reminded of his shapes and colors .
 A rare game that is equally enjoyable for me and my child -LRB- and good for her to learn concepts of pattern recognition -RRB- , I 'd play it with her even if it was n't educational . I 've owned this game for many years and just re-discovered it . My 5 year old daughter now plays it with me . She 's pretty good with pattern recognition and I 'm not sure all 5 year olds can do this , but she loves it . Can be played competitively and also just for the fun of finding sets . Now I 'm going to buy it for my god-daughter .
 I can not begin to tell you how much me , my friends and family -LRB- two small boys -RRB- enjoy this game . Just great ! It is by far one of the best , if not the best , card games out there . The cards could be a bit more durable though . The iPad game is JUST INCREDIBLE . SET is not for everyone , but it is so different from other card games , and so difficult to play well , that the enjoyment of playing lasts , and lasts and lasts .
 This game is great with big or large groups . We love it because we can play it with a group of adults or children . The rules are simple and easy to understand .
 Fun game that really makes you think . I play with my 8 and 10 -LRB- and team with 6 -RRB- yr . old . Easy to set up and entertaining .
 Solid cards , very well made . the color and shapes are very easily distinguishable . the given tray helps to keep the card in place after the game .
 This game is a totally NON-VERBAL way to stimulate your brain . You can play for as long or short a time as you choose .
 Wonderful game for all generations both challenging and easy to play . Great for kids to be able to compete with their elders .
 this is an awesome game . . it takes a bit to get used to but do n't give up ... and remember the more the merrier
 I fall in love with this game the first time I played it.the game cards have a good quality .
 do not pass up this brilliant card game . its simplicity , ingenuity , and eventual competitiveness make it engrossing for hours on end .
 I have had this game for many years and friends and family enjoy playing . I am traveling out of the U.S. to visit friends . This is a game that can be played with out learning a new language . In fact , my thoughts are that this will help bring us all together and help each other with conversation of different language.Also , helps with memory and working the brain , but easy enough for young children to play as well .
 This game crosses age and language barriers with simple rules . Lots of fun each time I 've played it . In fact , it was difficult to put the game down ! It 's a great game to play with both strangers and dear friends and family . Highly recommended !
 Competitive pattern recognition - what a concept . The idea is so simple - each card has a number of elements from 1-3 , of 3 different shapes , in 3 different colors , with 3 different patterns of fill . You make sets of 3 with each element either being the same , or different among all 3 . For example all three might have the same number of elements but all three must have different colors and different fill patterns ; the same fill pattern , but different numbers of elements and different colors - or any combination of those factors . Despite this simplicity , the number of possible variations is dizzying . See sets involves finding both similarity and difference across a range of perceptual areas
 Set is about pattern-making , but the patterns touch 4 different categories
 This has to one of the most simple yet intelligent games to play - as you have to think multi dimensionally - colors - shapes - numbers
 Pros
 Great game , great price ! The only problem is , once kids get the hang of it , they beat the adults ! It 's nice to see a game that works the brain so well appeal to kids .
 It is a fun game as well as very educational . My three kids played it for several days in a row . My 5 year old daughter won pretty much every single game , and her older brothers -LRB- 9 and 7 -RRB- tried very hard to compete with her . I bought the second game for my friend 's son 's 10th birthday !
 I first saw this game in a public-radio catalog about 10 years ago , but never played it until this past holiday when 29 family members gathered for Christmas . A cousin brought it , and once everyone knew how to play , there would be people joining a game right and left ! Tons of fun and easy to understand once you get the hang of it , I plan on buying Set as a gift for many friends . Highly recommended !
 This game is like Tetris -LRB- but different ! -RRB- in a deck of cards . Uses different parts of your brain
 SET is one of my favorite games ! I bought three of them over the holidays as , whenever we play with someone new , we have `` hooked '' SET player -- we 've given away several of our own games of SET.This game is an excellent choice for family fun -- ages ranging from pre-school to mature adults . It also is amazingly suited to children and adults who are mentally challenged or with learning disabilities.It 's a challenging game of pattern recognition and one of the most entertaining , easy-to-play games for a group or classroom.SET makes a great gift choice for birthdays , host gifts , holidays , congratulations celebrations , teachers -- and it 's makes a wonderful family gift . Do what I do -- buy a few to keepSET Gameon hand for last minute gift giving !
 I have shared this game with several people -LRB- children and adults -RRB- , and they were all skeptical at first , you know , rolling of the eyes ... But EVERYONE gets into it ! Set is a great game to help with concentration , focusing on details , and looking for the ` not so obvious ' . So far , the children have been able to pick it up very quickly , and tend to improve faster than their parents . I love this game because families can play it together with the parents having no real advantage over the younger kids.Because it 's a `` card game '' that does n't require the little ones to try holding a fanned out ` hand ' , it 's a great game for them to start with . Just do n't play when tired , your brain will freeze up . : -RRB-
 My children and I have been enjoying this game for several years . It is a challenge for young and old . It is easy to learn and can be played at a progressively faster pace . It sharpens your visual , memory and spatial skills . You will be amazed at how quickly your children pick it up and test your own skill ! Start them young -LRB- 4 -RRB- and watch them learn .
 I used to play this game in middle school and had completely forgotten about it until stumbling across it here . This game is GREAT . Seriously , if you like to think , and even if you do n't , this game is so much fun . And if you 're competitive , like I am , it gets even better . It 's simple to learn but challenging . I love it .
 We are 9-year-old twins who learned to play this game in our Talented and Gifted Program at school . It is very challenging . It makes you think creatively when you try to figure out which cards to pick to make a set . If you buy this game for your kids they will think it is so cool . It 's a good game for families to play together .
 I love playing this game in my counseling office . The kids often find the sets before I do and it 's great for building their self esteem ! It also brings us together for other conversation . It makes us think , concentrate , focus , and just have fun !
 I first bought this game 2 years ago when my daughter was 6 . We all fell in love with it . This is one of those games which age does not really matters , so do n't be surprised if your children beat you .
 SET is so much fun ! Everyone has an equal opportunity to win or lose , no matter the ages . It 's interesting because of the different types of sets . I highly recommend this card game . You can practice alone , or play with friends .
 I 've caused shortages of SET in the local specialty game stores from the number of people I 've introduced to it . At least I can now direct friends and relatives to Amazon.com to find the game ! SET is fantastic at developing your analytical , intuitive , and spatial abilities . Artists and engineers will both excel at it - anyone who loves finding patterns . SET has received a MENSA award for excellence .
 This is one of a very small number of games that my nine year old daughter can beat the rest of the family in an honest competition . The best part is that it is not a game of chance . The rules are simple and the play is engaging and fast-paced . There are no turns , so everyone is actively involved for the entire game.I highly recommend this game .
 This is another one of those games where being older does n't give necessarily give you an advantage . My seven year old son and ten year old daughter beat the pants off me when we play this game . And if I make a sssssssssss sound they call a penalty and fine me a set if I have one and remember to take a set away from me if I can ever get it right and call an actual set before they do.I think this might use the same area of the brain where foreign languages , the Macarena and the Electric Slide are processed because I find this similarly challenging.I bought this several years ago and it was too difficult for the kids . Recently my daughter 's math teacher let the kids play this in his class and she loved it so we got it back out and now it 's a big hit . If you have little math geeks in your house I 'm willing to bet they will like this one too .
 What a great game . It 's fast , exciting and fun for adults and children . I find myself on the edge of my seat . It 's small enough to take on a plane and fast enough to play in the doctor 's waiting room .
 When I first try to play it by myself , I find that it might be difficult for my 5 years old son.But I was wrong.My son loves it and he can quickly find the set , sometimes even more quickly than me.Overall I like this game.I think it is a good game which can make our brain think more and react more .
 This is a very creative and fun new game . It is great for developing and recognizing strong analytical and problem solving skills . Product is high quality and seems durable .
 I was introduced to this game in college and have been addicted to it for about 8 years now . It is a clever and satisfying matching game that can be played alone or with friends and family . This summer I introduced the game to my extended family and they got so addicted that at least two of them now have their own set of Set . Highly recommended for visual people or those who want a good brain exercise .
 This is a great game because my family is able to play pretty fairly together . Because there is not one correct answer , people who have different strengths are still able to play together . It 's a great thinking game and is very fun .
 You do need a small flat space to play it , but it is a great way to pass the time .
 I have played SET for several years . The game is fun to play with others , or as a solitaire game which adds to its value . I recently purchased this again as I had left my SET game with my daughter -LRB- who also had to replace it when she left it at her in-laws ' home -RRB- . I did get my children -LRB- married with children -RRB- addicted to it also . We did find that it is best when everyone is alert .
 This is an excellent thinking game . Finding patterns that are not obvious at first glance is great for encouraging problem solving skills . Besides being educational , this game is fun ! I 've been playing it since I was a kid and finally just bought my own set -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
 A great way to exercise the mind . If you enjoy puzzles , visual stimulation or games that require more than just luck , this is for you ! Enjoy ! -LRB- This games can be played with 1 or more people . I actually prefer playing it alone ! -RRB-
 This is a terrific game - fun in a group , but also entertaining alone . It exercises the brain and can be addictive ! It makes a great gift for children and adults alike .
 This is a fun `` pass the time '' kind of game . You can do it yourself or get lots of people involved .
 First of all , I think this game is not for 6 & up . I first played it when I was about 8 and that was a good starting age for me . I liked that this game could be played with one player because , it is hard to find games that you can play alone . I would buy this game again .
 This item was used in my talented and gifted program at school . SET is a fun game everyone will enjoy playing and watching .
 A friend introduced me to this game one day while we were at a coffee shop . Great for stretching your brain ! I highly recommend this to everyone ! Great game for kids too .
 As a middle school teacher , I find this game excellent for teaching students logic , strategy , and spatial skills . It requires analytical skills and a lot of fun ! It takes a bit to help the kids understand the premise , but once they 've got it , they teach it to others because it 's fun !
 We thoroughly enjoyed this game . Played by ages 8 to 71 with everyone participating fully . It is a great game for concentration and working the grey matter .
 I love this game . It 's really good for visual people - budding artists and geometrists . And age is no barrier - kids can beat adults . Very fun game - but not everybody likes it .
 I think set is a very fun game for 7 + . It is a good game because it is half a brain teaser half a consuntrashone game . But sometimes when I play set it gets a little frustratting .
 I first started hunting for this mind boggling card game when a friend shared it with me . I found Amazon the best and easiest way of purchasing multiple set games . I sent one back to the UK and my college bound Son took ownership of another . I not only do the card game but now do the daily puzzle on the computer . Great for kids , seniors , students , and any one wanting to exercise their minds in a fun and easy way . Travels well and does n't need batteries . I would definitely pack a set game for trips or if I was going to be stranded on a dessert island or at a hospital waiting room .
 In my clssroom we start our day with `` mind games '' which help my students get their brain `` thinking outside the box '' . This game is addictive ! We all love the challenge this game offers as well as the fact that it requires fast lateral thinking . The player also has to keep in mind that if he/she calls out a `` set '' and is wrong , they will lose points even before earning any ! When keeping score , the kids are even practicing positive/negative adding of numbers!I play this with kids as young as kindergarteners .
 This is the classic SET game . You get the cards and instruction book . However , the product description says it includes a durable plastic carrying case when in fact it is just a flimsy plastic tray . My friend 's SET game comes in a real carrying case with plastic top , not this tray . Honestly I am just going to throw the tray out and keep the cards together with a rubber band . Other than this description inaccuracy , the cards are great and I know I am going to have a lot of fun playing .
 Our family loves this game more than any other game we 've played together . Our 4-year-old plays right along with the rest of us . It is an engaging exercise in pattern matching that provides equal footing for players of all ages -LRB- ages 4-5 and up -RRB- . Our seven-year old can win this game against her elders without any `` special rules '' or other such condescensions . Usually games that young children can realistically play and win are based on chance and do n't involve much thinking.This game is based on the ability to mentally organize four categories and is quick and easy to learn , without waiting turns and without many rules to learn . These features also make it very easy to play with people who have never played it before . There is not much they need to know before starting the game . -LRB- Hint
 Like Apples to Apples , SET , a Game of Visual Perception , is appealing to many ages . The directions are difficult to grasp at first , but as you follow the instructions and learn to play the game with the `` simple '' set , the object of the game grows clear . It was successful on Christmas Day for the 9 year old all the way up to Granny and Grampy . We could play in sets of 2 to 6 and anything in between . It can be fast or slow depending on the players . What I liked best of all is that everyone is working toward the same goal and so when someone finds a `` set '' the other players often respond with encouraging words and admiration.An added benefit are the skills associated with visual perception and brain development . Ca n't help thinking it will help my kids with the SAT/ACT someday or at least increase the likelihood of passing geometry !
 This game has been around for quite some time . When I introduced it to my children and their families I was surprised to find that my grandson 's therapist used the cards in his vision therapy . Any child or adult above the age of 5 can play and enjoy competively . No time limit and play encourages cooperation .
 AND so do my kids.We first encountered this game in our children 's museum . My 8 year old son -LRB- our youngest -RRB- can win the game.I am a Math PhD who has been a stay at home mom for the past 10 years . It felt so good to think this way again ! I found my mom looking up math papers on the subject . : - -RRB- VERY simple , VERY unique , VERY fun - just the combination I value in games . A + !
 If you 're visually-oriented or good at `` spacial reasoning , '' this game will likely be loads of fun for you . If your brain is wired such that you get headaches when thinking through those questions like `` if this gear turns clockwise and this gear turns counter-clockwise , which way does this gear over here turn ? , '' then you 'll likely not like this game . There 's an online version or two you can play to see if you 'd like it before buying it . Even if you do buy it and do n't like it , chances are that someone in your family or circle of friends will love it . I really do !
 For the record , I 'm an Ivy League educated engineer . Not trying to sound snotty , but why can my 5 year old beat me consistently at this game ? It 's because it exercises a different part of the mind than the typical strategy game , and apparently she can focus on the patterns faster than me . It is really pathetic , but at the same time , it 's good to have a game that I do n't need to handicap myself at so she can win . Only complaint is the cards could be a little better stock . Otherwise , Highly recommended .
 Competitive pattern recognition - what a concept . The idea is so simple - each card has a number of elements from 1-3 , of 3 different shapes , in 3 different colors , with 3 different patterns of fill . You make sets of 3 with each element either being the same , or different among all 3 . For example all three might have the same number of elements but all three must have different colors and different fill patterns ; the same fill pattern , but different numbers of elements and different colors - or any combination of those factors . Despite this simplicity , the number of possible variations is dizzying . See sets involves finding both similarity and difference across a range of perceptual areas
 Highly addictive game because there are no turns , just every body whaling away at once . Trying to match up these shapes and colors becomes maddening after awhile . It is quite easy to get lost and see no matches what so ever and all of a sudden your brain will just click and you will be seeing sets everywhere . This is a very simple game to learn and very hard to master . First time players will get frustrated very easily if they are playing with SET veterans . The idea is to match any three cards on the table by having all of the card 's characteristics being all the same or all different . Your spatial reasoning will get a real work out as you play through the deck the number of times equal to the number of players . Points are scored for each successful set and points are lost for incorrectly picking a set -LRB- which happens alot when everyone is in a hurry to find the next set . -RRB- . A great great game that is loads of fun but a real mental workout .
 This game is the best invention since chess , if you want to improve your child 's thinking ability ! When I taught gifted students in grades 2-8 , they would beg to play it . Kids would say over and over , `` It '' s hard , but it 's fun '' . I read that it is an activity where the right brain and the left brain work together . The best thing about it is that it is not dependent on age or reading ability . There are 6 year olds who could beat me , and there are adults I can beat . A group of all ages can play together competitively , and no one has to hold back . Also , it is very light and portable for travel , or for just having handy if people are bored . . I take the cards out of the case , put a rubber band around them , and put them in my bag .
 This educational game is extremely fun . Of the 7 members of our family - 5 of us play very often . We even invite company over to play ! Our youngest who is 6 enjoys this game and can beat mom at 40 ! The other 5 children also are extremely fond of the game . The only problem that we have encountered is that sometimes 2 or more people yell `` SET '' at the same time . We have solved that proplem by incorporating a bell from a different game set next to the 12 cards to ring instead of yelling `` SET '' . This works very well for our family ! The best thing about this game is that it is extremely fun for all age groups ! We can get quite competitive and play it over and over again .
 We played after family dinner with kids from 4 to 15 , and adults too . Great way to get everybody to interact with each other , and the kids were so pumped up by how well they did compared to the adults . This is not a silly game , and kids get great thinking skills from it . My daughter is learning disabled and did REALLY well , it made her proud of how well she could think and gave her lots of positive feedback . I like to play it alone with her when we do n't have time for more complicated games at night , but it also works very well in large and diverse groups .
 So many `` thinking '' games these days cost big bucks , but not SET ! It is basically a pattern recognition game , but MUCH more fun than `` pattern recognition game '' sounds . My family loves to play SET , and , as others have noted , five year olds can play on a par with adults.I also love the portability of the game - it 's good wherever you have to wait , the dentist , the Drs. office , etc. . . And I also love the fact that you can lose cards and STILL play the game . Our deck is probably 5 cards short but still going strong.I highly recommend this game .
 Like many great games , the concept here is simple . There are 81 cards , and they vary on 4 characteristics -LRB- shape , color , shading , and number on the card -RRB- , each characteristic having three varieties . So all the combinations are 81 -LRB- 3 * 3 * 3 * 3 = 81 -RRB- . The object of the game is to look at a group 12 cards and find three where they all share common elements , or differ completely on a characteristic . For instance , a trio could all be green , all be diamonds , and all have a different number of elements and all have different shading ... But if there are ` two ' of a kind , and not three , it 's not a winning trio . -LRB- Two reds and a green will not work , even if all the other elements are appropriate . -RRB- If you spot a trio , you need to call out `` SET '' in advance of selecting it ; mis-calls count against you . You can also have a set where there is nothing in common in any pair of the three cards.The educational value of this toy is in how it trains you to see relationships and common elements - - as well as uncommon elements . Remember , three completely unique cards constitutes a set just as well as a trio with a common theme.Because there are no ` turns , ' per se , with all vying for the relationships at once , players are encouraged to think very quickly.We love this game . I hope you try it !
 This is probably one of the best games that I have ever played . Not only is it fun , but it is educational and challenging as well . It can be difficult at times , because the part of your brain that you use to play is often neglected . It takes a little while to get the hang of it , but once you understand it , you 'll never want to stop ! It 's sometimes frustrating for some people , but I love solving puzzles like this , so the challenge is exciting for me . It can be played by yourself or with more people . Apparently , students at a university in the South were required to master this game , among other things , in order to earn their PhD . Try it , you 'll love it !
 SET is a great game . I am always looking for games that will challenge all players at the same time . With children , it sometimes gets boring to wait for their turn . This does not happen with SET . All players are searching for `` sets of three cards '' at the same time . A friend of mine has an educational game and bookstore . When she was approached to carry this title , she called me up and requested the kids and I play the game and let her know our thoughts . We loved it ! Do not be amazed if your child beats you many times ~ as they have clear minds , which is necessary to be successful at SET . We have taken this game on many vacations , as well as played it on the front porch or kitchen table . You will love SET if you are a gamer . Enjoy!June 3 , 2009 ; This game is still popular with my family . I have purchased many as gifts throughout the years . Keep enjoying !
 We take this game to the beach with us where the gang of kids who play range in age from 5-adult ! The number of people who can play is quite flexible , and those who do find it quite addictive ! It challenges you to think a little differently , and we find that age has NOTHING to do with skill level -LRB- much to the chagrin of the adults and the delight of the children -RRB- !
 Set is a wonderful fun game that gets everyone involved . Kids can play on equal -LRB- and sometimes better -RRB- footing with the adults . The play is fast and no one gets bored and there are lots of laughs with groups from 2 to five or more . Set is destined to be one of the all time classics and is more fun than most of the games we already put in that category . Highly recommended .
 I love this game ! Very addicting ! My one beef is that the instructions seems a little vague . I wish it contained more examples of sets and non-sets . My cousin is a pro at this game , so I had to get him to teach me , because I was n't sure I was doing it right . I like how you can play a solitaire version.This game really pushes you to think and to see set relationships in ways you probably have n't thought of before . Nice `` think outside the box '' game . It 's great brain exercise !
 I was introduced to this game at a dinner party and have been hooked since . SET is mentally challenging but also extremely fun . Highly recommended for all ages as both a enjoyable diversion and a teaching tool -LRB- for things like set theory and probabilistic analysis -RRB- .
 My husband and I first played this game at a friend 's house . We went out and bought it the next day . It is so much fun . It is not , however , a party game . We have laughed at ourselves sitting at the table , not talking and just looking at the cards . The more you play the more strategy is involved in the pattern hunting . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 This game is just fantastic . At a somewhat dull party I brought out my SET game and people started going crazy . The best part of the game is you can play it alone or with lots of friends .
 This is a great family game and one the most educational games on the market . Recognizing patterns is a basic skill , and this game makes it fun and challenging . The best part is that the entire family can play together - - children are just as good as adults ! It is a great game for passing time while you wait , and also for extended family gatherings . We usually play with 16 cards , rather than the 12 recommended , because 12 is too hard for the adults .
 I teach students with emotional and behavior disorders . We regularly work on social and personal skills . SET reminds my students to think before they speak -LRB- saying `` SET '' without a set , just to beat someone else to it , costs a point ! -RRB- and helps the more hyperactive student concentrate . It was also a fun game for my family .
 I think others summed it up best but it is important to note that this is mostly a silent game . Silence is not what I think of when I think of `` family fun . '' Family fun to me is shouting out answers , team work , and getting a little wild and crazy.While this game does not fit my definition of family fun , this game is truly fun , fun , fun in a different way ! It works the mind , requires concentration , and occasionally some quick reflexes . Do n't hesitate , buy today !!!
 hello , if you are thinking of buying this game , DO ! it is great . my friend got me hooked on it one night so i told him to to bring it to school . and he did . we started playing and i liked it so much he bought one for me for my birthday . so i started to play it at school also . soon every one either wanted to play or wanted to learn . most of them learned just by watching . well , my friend and i would occassionly lend out our game for others to play . when they returned it everyone would ask if they could play , in a short time , everyone knew about it . it is now the craze at my school . even the teachers get into it because it is so educational . you have NEVER seen a better game !
 I learned how to play SET in school , and it was very addicting ! My friends and I would play it at Recess , and at Lunch , if there was time . I got my own SET cards and I play them a lot ! It 's very good for your brain . I recommend it !
 This was too expensive for what i received ... just the deck of cards , instructions , and a box ... . better to buy just the deck of cards . This is a great game ... but not worth the 30 dollars i spent on it and shipping . I am very disappointed in the marketing of this on Amazon ... makes we leery of using Amazon next time .
 I purchased this as a tool for my daughter in law to learn how to do tapestry weaving . The size and structure are perfect for learning the different techniques ; its portability is excellent . Overall , it works beautifully for my objectives.It will function quite nicely for anyone wanting to learn standard weaving techniques on a budget . It also would be a good product for making handwoven placemats and other items for use in the home .
 I used to make wall hangings as a child with homemade looms . I recently met someone who weaves huge items and after seeing photos of her work my interest in weaving was renewed . I like the simplicity of these looms but do have some comments . Firstly , the frame is wood with plastic pegs . A screw in each corner holds the frame together but mine is a bit loose . I may need to tighten later . Instruction booklet is well written , read all the way through before starting because there are tips later on in the booklet . Parents please note that every other row you must insert a second flat shed stick into the loom . It 's not complicated , just takes time so be aware if your child may not have patience to do this.My only complaint is I ordered the bigger size B loom and in the photo on Amazon it showed yarn in orange , yellow and reds so I bought a refill yarn kit called Sierra because it was black and red and I thought it would be nice to have both but when my loom arrived I see the size B comes with the black and red yarn and the smaller sized A has the oranges . So now I 'll have two black and red items :-LRB- I do n't know where the photo came from but it should be corrected!The manufacturers website shows the correct colors but I did n't go there until after I got my loom . I would also recommend spending $ 10 more to get the Wonderloom . It helps push the yarn down evenly.This loom is a good size for making place mats .
 It may seem a little more expensive than other children 's looms , but it 's well worth it . You 'll find that it 's very sturdy and the perfect size for purses , etc. . My 9 year old loves it !
 This lap loom is a nice starting point -LRB- and perhaps `` enough '' for those who do n't wish to upsize -RRB- for children and adults who want to learn how to weave . Unlike some other products on the market for weaving , it 's made by a loom company and yields a `` genuine '' woven product . The basic premise is to repeatedly go over and under vertical warp threads with a shed stick . One shed stick can stay in the loom at all times -LRB- until nearing the end -RRB- , but on every other pass through , this weaving process must be repeated . Once the shed stick is pulled onto its long edge , every other string rises up , and yarn loaded onto a stick shuttle is passed through , and the stick shuttle lowered . This yarn is beaten down , and the process is repeated.Although the loom has its limitations due to its small size , projects that can be made from such a small loom include a placemat , small doll blanket , pillow , wall-hanging , and purse . Users can also , of course , seam together more than one project to create larger pieces of fabric . The set comes with one project to work on , and the included instruction booklet gives suggestions about what it can be turned into . The included sample project teaches how to do horizontal and vertical stripes . -LRB- I never realized how easy vertical stripes would be -- you just do every other row with two different colors , and they `` magically '' form ! -RRB- Two extra parts are `` missing '' from this set . Although you can use it as is , you may also wish to get : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Wonder Wand -LRB- by the same company -RRB- , which helps speed up the process by pushing down every other warp thread . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Tapestry beater for pushing down the yarn . Otherwise , they recommend using a fork.The loom and accessories are unfinished wood . I ended up staining and varnishing them to help seal the wood and keep it looking nice , but this is n't really necessary . One extra suggestion
 I purchased this for my seven-year-old daughter , who was working on a class project on the Navajo and wanted to produce some textiles as part of her presentation . She 'd used potholder looms before , but felt that she needed to step up to something more `` serious '' -- and that 's exactly what this loom provided . It 's still a tad small for making real rugs , but is sized right for small tapestries , mousepads , and handbags . The instructions provided -LRB- and especially the pattern -RRB- were a bit generic and cryptic for a seven-year-old , but I was able to puzzle them out with her after an afternoon of fiddling ; she can now weave basic multi-color patterns completely unaided , although more of that is rooted in her dedication than in anything provided with the kit . It 's well-built , though , and has held up to a fair bit of use .
 This seems like a hard project for an 8 year old . It was hard for gramma and grampa to figure out so we could instruct the 8 year old . It is n't for those who want instant gratification as it will take a long time to complete a project with such thin yarn . Not sure if bigger yarn would stay around the pegs but that would be my next thing to try .
 I wanted someting small -LRB- for small projects like dish cloths , wash cloths that I give as gifts -RRB- that would n't require the warp work of my rigid heddle . This does a good job for doing what I want .
 i got this little guy and he is too cute for words ! the pictures just do n't do justice . I have three chihuahuas and i usually buy them stuffed toys , but this was for mama ! He sits on top of my t.v. so i can look at him all the time!If you like plushies , you 'll love him !
 i been wanting these chihuahua forever ! P S , are those pink and purple ?
 This metal loom is sturdy and well made . It is almost exactly like the one I had as a child over 50 years ago . The instructions are clear and their tips very helpful in removing the potholder from the loom as it is finished off . The loops are a good consistency for making a nice tight potholder . Even though the loops look a little sloppy before they are woven , they finish off nicely and the colors blend well . My 5 year old granddaughter loved this . She made 2 potholders immediately almost completely on her own . I do think that a few more loops could have been included . All in all I would definitely recommend this toy .
 I ordered this for my 7 year old son and we got it yesterday . We are reading a story that involves someone weaving wool yarn into cloth and he mentioned that he would like to try a loom . Having no immediate access to a loom , I thought we would give this a try . Was n't sure how it would go over with a 7 year old boy who spends the majority of his freetime slaying dragons or exploring the wilderness or playing a bit of wii ;-RRB- but he loves it ! He wanted to get started right away and he mananged to make his very first potholder with very little assistance . The loom is high quality metal and the loops it came with fit perfectly . At first I was worried that they would be a little hard to work with because the seemed a little frayed in places , but it did n't pose much of a hinderance . I showed him how to do each step and he was able to complete it with just a little bit of assistance . Overall I think this is a great educational and fun product especially for the price .
 I got this as a birthday present for my 5 year old niece because I remember making potholders as a kid and this one looked nice and sturdy . This was the one gift that she immediately came back to once all her other gifts were opened and she completed her first potholder that day . Definitely recommend this for any crafty kids .
 I bought this for our granddaughter for Christmas . It 's a hands on project that she and I worked on together . She loved the completed potholder but tired of the amount of time it took to make . She is just six , maybe next year would have been better . She taught me about patterns which she learned in school .
 Wow ! This was a Christmas gift from Santa for my 8yr old daughter . I had one when I was little and enjoyed making pot mats for everyone I love . I am pumped ! My daughter loves mass producing these bright , beautiful , 6x6 mats for myself , her teachers and grown up sisters . She also got an Ipod , a Fur Real Friends dog , and several other high tech gifts , but if you ask what her FAVORITE Christmas gift is ... She LOVES her potholder weaving loom the most !!! My older girls had a different brand yrs ago . It was plastic , the loops were smaller and stretchier and shrunk to a mat barely 4 '' big . This is the NICEST loom and loops I have seen . I am so happy Santa shops on Amazon !!!
 I bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter and she loves it . It makes really nice size potholders and the colors are wonderful . She is really enjoying crafting with this loom .
 The toy was fantastic ! I made two of them . It is very fun . You should try it . Hope you like it if you try it .
 I gave this to my 11 year old daughter for her birthday . She loves it ! Battery lasts , and it 's unique design is something they talk about .
 I purchased this potholder loom for my granddaughter . I think she will have hours of fun ! I am glad that you can purchase more hoops . It is very durable . It brought me back to my childhood years :-RRB- Great purchase !
 My sister had one of these growing up and so I just had to get one for my daughter -LRB- 8 -RRB- for Christmas . She loves it ! Easy to make and design . She makes pot holders for her Grandparents and me , as well as friends . She ca n't wait to make the purse or the baby bed that was included .
 Even though I am an adult I had never created the `` famous childhood potholder . '' The loom and the hook you use to weave the loops in and out are made of sturdy metal , and the crochet hook is plastic . There are no sharp edges , so it 's safe for kids . It was also GREAT to see a quality product made in the USA ! When I ordered refill loops -LRB- you can order cotton or wool -RRB- the manufacturer 's customer service people were very courteous . The loops are available in a variety of colors as well.Highly recommended !
 I have bought 3 or 4 different potholder looms . I 've bought different kinds of loops , too . The Harrisville loom , tools and loops are the BEST , by FAR!The cotton loops will , I believe , stand up to heat when used as potholders . The loops that contain synthetics -- oops , they will not . So do n't use them as real potholders ! But you can use these 100 % cotton ones.Also , these loops ALL fit your Harrisville potholder loom . No rejects . The other loops I bought had TONS that would not fit the looms . And the colors of the loops . The Harrisville cotton loops are GREAT colors . Not so for the other brands I bought.Then there is the loom . The Harrisville loom is shaped to help hold the loops on as you work , instead of them slipping off all the time . And it is a sturdy metal , so it does n't bend or break as you use it , like plastic looms can.And the tools . Smooth and well-made . Some of the other brands I bought had sharp edges on the tools -LRB- and one had a bunch of knarly edges on the loom ! -RRB- that would catch on the loops as I tried to weave them ! What a PAIN!The instructions are great , too , and include some ideas for making other things out of the squares.Potholder looms are becoming very popular , for good reasons . When they are made of the right kind of loops , the potholders make great gifts -- and are fun to make . There is a learning process , and thatis very beneficial to the weaver who is using the loom . It 's also a fairly brief project , which fits a lot of people 's situations better than something that takes a whole day or longer.Two tips I 've read that I have n't tried yet . One is to let the loops sit woven onto the loom for a day or so before you weave the ends and remove the square from the loom . This may result in a larger potholder.The second tip is to help keep the ends of the loops from slipping off the loom as you finish weaving the edges by putting rubber bands around the edges of the loom on top of the loops . I have some leather cording that I think I 'll try tying around there.Somebody needs to write a really thorough potholder loom how-to book with lots of drawings and photographs ! I want that book !
 My 7 year old nieces enjoyed this . Their 6 year old brother wanted to make a potholder too ! The loom is definitely an improved version of what I used when I was a kid . The loops are very good quality and make a nice looking and functional potholder .
 This is one case where a device has gotten MUCH more durable since my childhood . Back then , I got a potholder loom and made potholders for my Mom , Grandma and aunts before the plastic loom broke.If I 'd had the Harrisville loom , I might not still own it , but I 'm pretty sure some little girl would be able to make potholders with it even now . This is a very durable metal loom . Better yet , the pegs on the loom are curved so the loops will hold on better . This makes it much easier to weave and finish your potholder.Plus , the loops in this kit are cotton . This is important . The rayon loops melt with heat and can burn the heck out of your hands.The kit includes enough cotton loops to make a couple of potholders . The colors are bright and the potholder is thick enough to protect your hands . These kind of potholders actually hold up for years . I 'm embarrassed to say that I have a couple of them that are 24 years old . They 're faded , but they still work fine for handling hot pots and pans . -LRB- They 're actually the reason I bought the loom , I figured I could make some new pretty ones for myself and friends . -RRB- The included crochet hook used for finishing the potholders is the only thing I 'd suggest that you change . I bought an aluminum hook and it works much better to finish the potholders because the plastic one tends to not grip as well.Rebecca Kyle , January 2011
 I had a plastic loom that the loops kept coming off of . This metal one holds the loops better for sure and is certainly more sturdy for longer lasting life . I 'm teaching 4 yr old twin grandkids to make potholders , so while they can attached the first set of loops i still have to do the weaving and casting off and for sure did not have the patience to deal with my old plastic one , so this one allows us to make potholders together , which the twins absolutely love .
 I bought this loom for my 9-year old niece , who loves crafts . We spent almost 2 hours making potholders and other items with the loom . It was easy for her to use , and the metal held up well . She had a plastic one where one of the teeth had broken off , but the metal one eliminated that issue . It is a low-tech , relatively easy craft for children and the fact that they can also make something useful helps make it a fun idea on a dreary day .
 We purchased this for my daughter 's 9th birthday ... this was her FAVORITE gift ! I wanted to give her something she could use to make usable gifts for others -LRB- she loves to give gifts ! -RRB- . She 's already done this four times , and is now working on making a purse for herself . I love that I can order more loops from Harrisville Designs ... and in specific colors ... I can definitely see that I will become a regular customer on their website ! ;o-RRB- This product is very well made - the metal loom is all one piece and very sturdy . The hooks used with the loom are also very durable . TERRIFIC product !
 I hesiate to review it as a toy since it seems to me to be a craft tool to create . It definately challenges the fine motor skills but was too frustrating for my 6 year old . The metal frame is durable and incredibly well made and the loops are cotton , beautifully colored and approrpiately stretchy . The lops can easily slip off while pulling to make the item so it definatly is better for an older child . The irony ? I ended up using it to make wonderfully patterned potholders that my friends begged me for ! I really enjoyed making them and found it to be so relaxing ... . I am a frazzled mo of two young ones and ca n't often commit too much brain activity to a project but often feel the need to be creative . This is one of those mostly mindless , relaxing activities that gives instant gratification . I think it 's a must have for every household for children , but realistically they wo n't be able to manage it solo until 8-9 I think -LRB- which is probably what they recommend it for but we all think our kids are so advanced right ?! : - -RRB-
 This is a toy I remember from my childhood with fondness so I purchased 2 for 2 of my granddaughters .
 Metal frame and cotton loops are preferred over plastic especially for classroom useI remember doing this activity as a child
 This was for my grandchildrens birthday . They loved them . They had to assemble themright away!T and he colors were beautiful and the instructions were very easy to understand .
 Last winter my daughter wanted to learn to sew.Santa brought this kit and an American Girl sew-your-own-pillow craft last Christmas . This potholder maker was a major hit ! She read the instructions herself and with only a bit of direction from me , made her first pot holder . She has since made several as gifts for family . She loves it so much we just ordered more loops so she can make potholders for teachers , etc. as Christmas gifts this year . The Harrisville kit is sturdy and the loops are cotton and sturdy and nice bright colors . We use the potholders she has made daily so the potholders themselves are sturdy . Highly recommend for crafty kids 7 + years and up ! Under 7 may not have manual dexterity needed .
 I 'm pleased with this product , it 's well made for its purpose , although I think the prongs of the loom may weaken with use over time .
 These loom and loops are good quality and just like the ones my children used decades ago and I before them -- with one significant improvement . The ends of the loom curve just a bit , so it is easier to manage keeping the loops on without popping off.The product was shipped quickly and came faster than originally anticipated .
 I had to help my niece with the first potholder but after that she was doing them an her own . She loves picking the colors and reminds herself `` over , under , over , under '' . Great beginner craft for young kids .
 Great gift for kids 4 - 10 years old . Kit includes loom and pot holder thing-ies that are used to make the pot holder . Variety of colors and directions are included .
 What adult does n't remember making many of these in their younger days ? I went crazy making these in the 70s ! I gave this as a Christmas 2011 gift , with a bag of refills , to my nephew 's daughter . It took her mom a few months to get her interested in trying it , but she finally did start and is now having fun with it . In this day and age when kids are glued to their video games , I find it comforting to know that I have given a gift that will nurture a child 's creative side . Her mom posted a picture of her the other day on her Facebook page , with a potholder that was nearly complete ... had to smile at that one !
 Well made ! My niece loves this ! My sister-in-law was pleased because it is well-made and the potholders are made of cotton loops -LRB- not cheap , useless plastic -RRB- . Thanks !
 My loom as a child was not near as nice as this . Very durable and the loops are very good quality . Cotton is the only way to go . They can be used with out showing heat damage , they are easy to use -LRB- correctly sized -RRB- and are thicker when completed than others I 've tried . The colors are so vibrant . We bought just one set to start with and bought a second so the girls would n't have to share . The large bag of extra loops are a great value and they make such beautiful holders .
 Brings back memories of when I was a child . Only the cotton loops are practical for keeping heat from coming thru the potholder . Being a quilter now , I have learned that heat can melt polyester . These cotton loops make nice thick potholders . Would love some different colors .
 I bought this to make some simple weaving items to sew together to create bags and what not . It 's quite sturdily made and was impressive given how cheap many things are made these days . The pegs did n't move an inch and I had triple-stranded cotton yarn being woven.The tool given is handy and also stood up to good tugging . I would prefer the end tip of the hook to be rounded so as not to snag - but once I got the hang of twisting it just so , it was n't a big hassle.The bands that came with the loom were good quality 100 % cotton - which are hard to find in stores locally here . A nice variety of colors - all very vibrant.I would recommend this to anyone old or young - it 's a good sturdy loom .
 This is a wonderful potholder loom , and it 's obvious that the creators really care about getting kids interested in weaving . I had a plastic one as a child , and , though I loved it , it `` gave '' so much that the resulting potholders were quite small . The enameled metal of this loom is strong and does n't give , yielding larger results . Harrisville also includes a crochet hook , metal tool for weaving , and ideas for how to use the potholders to create a few projects other than potholders -LRB- like a sleeping bag for a stuffed animal and a rug -RRB- . Those projects will require the purchase of extra cotton loops.I got this loom for use with a craft book for adults -LRB- _ The Woven Bag _ by Noreen Crone-Findlay -RRB- that utilizes the loom in a modular way to make bags with yarn , rather than cotton loops . Yet , I made the potholders the kit makes , as well . There are only enough loops to make two in the basic set , and the second is really `` leftovers '' -LRB- with little room for creativity -RRB- if you make the first with a similar design to the one on the box . That being said , I want to encourage others to think outside of potholders when using this loom . It 's a great introduction to weaving that does n't have to be limited to cotton loops and potholders .
 My 5 yr old daughter LOVES her new pot-holder loom ! I was trying find one that was n't made of plastic and could hold up to multiple uses ... this one fits perfectly ! She loves to make little rugs for her Barbie dolls ... it 'll bring many great memories like they did when I was younger .
 So far so good . We have had about 3 or 4 plastic ones that keep breaking , that is why we spent a little more this time and went metal . Seems to be made really well !
 If you want to make pot holders , then use quality materials . Harrisville make quality looms . I weave and knit and now I make pot holders .
 nice to see that you can still find the better metal looms ! My daughters plastic one did not last long , this one is very nice !
 OMG !!! coconut grove is a pegasus !!!!!! Yay !!! both ponies have a scent.yay pegasus !!!!!!!!!!!!! 1da end
 Until they put up a picture , the ponies are as follows : Coconut Grove - pegasus pony , purple with purple/green manesmells heavily of coconut -LRB- of course -RRB- Tropical Surprise - a blue/green earth pony that smells strongly of flowersBoth ponies are great , and it 's nice to see a pegasus . They look nothing like the original pegasi -LRB- ? -RRB- but the wings are much smaller , do n't look ` feathery ' and stick out from the sides of the body . Still , a very cool looking design.Be warned , though ! these two ponies come in there boxes taped together , with a big white sticker across the front of the two packages ! Hard to remove , and makes it difficult to display ponies in their boxes , if you are a collector .
 My 2 daughters , who are 8 and 3 , just love these scented ponies . We brought them with us on a play date . And my friends little girl just loved them to . I am looking forward to getting more scented ones for my girls .
 Whoa ! When they say scented , they mean it ! These ponies are not only adorable , but they smell great ! Cute toy and room freshener . A must for any pony collector .
 i love these sunny scent ponies because they go so well with the butterfly island . they have bright , tropical colors and great scents ! these two ponies are my favorites . tropical surprises colors go great together and coconut grove smells delicious ! i have six of the eight sunny scents -LRB- the ones that look good -RRB- and butterfly island and they are really fun !
 Not exactly big enough to use as a backpack for high school , but it was in perfect condition . It 's something I use regularly . It 's durable and unique .
 Bought this to replace the one my son had that did n't fair well when the dog played with it ... Adorbale ball & perfect size for toddlers to handle
 I gave this ball to a little boy for his first birthday . It is the perfect size for a toddler and six months later has held up really well and gotten a ton of use . The dinosaurs on it are an added educational bonus .
 I am on a quest to avoid buying toys made in China whenever possible and avoid buying toys containing BPA , phthalates , and PVC . I ordered this ball for my 7 month old baby because it is a brightly colored , simple rubber ball . I should have researched where it was made before purchasing it because I know now that it is made in China . That being said , my baby really likes this ball and I can see him playing with it for a while . It is a good size ball for a baby . If you do n't mind that it is made in China , the materials are supposed to be safe and it is a fun toy for a baby .
 I purchased this ball for my son after a long search for a rubber ball free of PVC and other carcinogenic plastics . This ball is the perfect size for a little one . He can throw , roll , kick , and bounce this ball with ease . He loves it , and the dinosaurs with names all over it are a nice , educational touch .
 My 8 month old son LOVES this ball . He plays with it forever and it has longevity ; he will be able to use this toy for a long time because it is durable .
 I bought a set of these Uno cards for my 9-year-old grandson , a Nintendo `` freak . '' The first night he had them he played three games with whoever was handy , and spent an hour alone arranging the cards just so . He took them to bed with him . A few days later he dashed into his other grandparent 's house showing off his fancy deck of Uno cards and insisted that they play a game . He even wrote us a Thank You note telling us that the cards were the `` coolest present I ever got . `` The rules of the game have not changed , just the look of the cards . Nintendo characters , in all their bright colors , are the `` suits . '' The cards are housed in a metal box , a throwback to the front half of the 20th Century . Excellent art work on the cards and on the box.The cards and the game are appealing to all ages . I enjoyed playing and getting acquainted with the Nintendo characters -LRB- my grandson explained them all to me -RRB- . This is a great family game and this Nintendo set is a great gift . It helps close the `` generation gap . '' I highly recommend this item . Enjoy.One last thing
 My kids love this UNO . My kids are ages 10 & 12 . We have Spongebob UNO , but they rather play the Nintendo one . We never play the regular original UNO anymore . The cards are very colorful and easy to see . Of course , each character UNO all have a unique rule just for play in that particular game . So , it is different than the regular UNO and/or Sponebob UNO & etc. . It makes playing UNO a lot of fun and with a new twist each time . Highly Recommended .
 This game was a hit ! It got to me quickly and we love playing it ! It 's UNO with a fun twist for any game lover ... it also came in this way cool tin ... We love it !
 I 've loved the game Uno since I was old enough to play it . The only problem I have with a Nintendo-themed Uno is that you will constantly have the Mario underground music in your head going `` uno uno uno , uno uno uno , uno uno uno , uno uno uno ... '' etc. . .
 There is no description , so I 'll describe the ponies . Citrus Surprise has her head cocked and has green eyes . She has a pretty orange tale and a half-orange , half-yellow mane . She has a really nice Cutie mark with citrus fruits and orange flowers . Her body is white . Apple Spice has a purple and pink or purple and orange mane and tail -LRB- varies -RRB- , yellow body , and an apple cutie mark . Citrus Surprise smells like orange popsicles . Apple Surprise smells like grapes , even though she 's supposed to be apple scented .
 Bought this item for my 3 year old and she just jumped right in and made them apart of her little pony family . She has about 15 ponies and looking for more . We love them !!
 This is a wonderful kit for beginners . My 9 year old daughter loves the variety and that it has 3 projects included in the box . I have to say , I have never read a more clear set of directions . Harrisville Designs wrote very detailed and clear directions . This was especially helpful for me since I have never done a needlepoint project . I highly recommend this as a first set of projects .
 I bought this kit for my just-turned-7-year-old boy . I was concerned that it would be too difficult for him because the patterns are n't printed on the plastic canvases
 We purchased this for my seven year old son for something that boys could do . He loved working on the projects and enjoyed the sense of accomplishment the finished results brought . The colors are nice , the quality is good , and it is easy for a beginner to pick up and do . Would get it again .
 My 6 year old did n't want to read the instructions and proceeded to make her own picture with the plastic canvas . She did n't necessarily get the stitching correct , but she made a lovely picture . There will be time enough to get the stitching correct ... it was nice that she could just take this ` toy ' and run with it . She worked for four days on the picture to give as a birthday present to her grandfather . Great item for the imagination and also for developing needle point skills . I 've never needle pointed and I 'm going to used this to learn how , right along side my little one .
 Played this when visiting my son and his wife . Cards ask questions anyone can answer . No embarrassment like in Trivia Pursuit when you just do n't know the answer . Here you try to match other player 's anwers - some amaze you and most are quite funny . Plan to buy this game myself !
 WWYT ! and Balderdash are two of the best inspiring and creative party games I 've ever played . Everyone is asked a question -LRB- `` Name five things you associate with circuses '' -RRB- , writes down their answers , and score based on matches . The fun comes with questions that no one thinks they can answer -LRB- such as four male computer geeks being asked `` Name five things you associate with beauty parlors '' -RRB- , questions you 're pressured to get right -LRB- what would ** you ** put as the fifth answer for `` Name five directions '' ? -RRB- , and opinion questions -LRB- `` Ginger or Mary Anne ? '' and `` Who 's your favorite Beatle ? '' -RRB- . Simple rules , high entertainment , and excellent replay value make this a game I highly recommend .
 We are having more outloud fun around the table with this game ! Perfect for adults and teens to play together . And the more the merrier ! The best part is ... it has multilayered cards -LRB- much like Trivial Pursuit -RRB- so you wo n't burn up all the question choices in just a few rounds of play .
 We played this game with 4 adults , 3 teenagers , 2 early teenagers , and a 10 year old . It was a brand new game to all of us but we found the directions very easy to follow . We got started quickly and in short time were having a lot of fun with some pretty funny words that came up . The object is to write down what comes to your mind when you hear the topic or category the game gives the group , and what you think other players will think of . Points are earned by the number of people who wrote down the same words you did . The person with the least amount of points in that round gets a penalty card for thinking too individualistically . This is an easy , fun , family or friend game whose cost is really reasonable .
 Me and my friends played this and had a blast . The point is to write down answers that are the same as everyone else 's . It 's funny when other people write down answers they 're sure you will too , except you do n't , because you think no one else will . Or when you put down a crazy , off-the-wall answer you 're sure no one else will think of , and someone does . The question was `` Write down five words that come to mind when you think of Lincoln . '' Me and my friend both wrote down `` Kindergarten Cop '' . The number of answers you write depends on the question , and the questions range from ones where it 's nearly impossible to come up with all the responses asked for to ones where so many things come to mind it 's difficult to choose . Most of them are pretty amusing , as are the things written on the cards given out to the person with the least number of points . Best of all , when one person gets to 8 cards , everyone else wins . It 's a great way to pass the time and see how alike you are.By the way , the 1 star for educational only means you do n't learn much from this game . After all , the point is to put the same answer as everyone else , not nessecarily the right one .
 Product arrived in perfect condition . As a great price ! Hard-to-find item was happy to receive . We look forward to making use of this game .
 Our family loves What Were You Thinking ?! We play it often when we get together , and it has two really great attributes . The first is that all ages can play equally well . Kids do n't suffer embarrassement because they do n't know as much as adults , and adults do n't look dumb for not being up-to-date on current pop trends . The second terrific aspect is that you get to know others in this game . If someone is newer to the group their personality is revealed in their answers . We play where everyone is encouraged to answer the questions as outrageously and funnily as they can . My son is so humorous , and his answers never match up with anyone 's so he `` loses '' , but the game is much richer when he plays . Actually , most of the time we do n't keep score or even finish the game , but just have a fabulous time together .
 My family loves playing games . My sister bought What Were You Thinking several years ago and we still love playing it . Most of us are adults , but we often play with a couple children aged 10-12 . You do n't need any trivial knowledge for this game , just the ability to predict what other people might choose . They might ask `` Name the best movie ever made . '' You have to choose a movie based on who else is playing and try to match their answers . This game has been unavailable so when I found it on Amazon , I bought it immediately . I ca n't wait to bring it to my in-laws house since they 've never played it . It has a similar fun factor to Apples to Apples .
 A friend of mine in college had this game and we would get together groups of people on weekends and decide to play What Were You Thinking . This game is a lot of fun and everyone was always wanting to play this game . Very enjoyable for groups of people . Do n't have a party without it !
 This game is great ! Instead of the always `` right and wrong '' we are so used to in a board game ; the answers depend on the people you are playing with . It 's a great party game , and a great `` getting to know you '' game . It 's even better when you play with people you DO know . To see if you can guess what their responses might be ! I have bought two of them . Great gift .
 This is a great game . I have played it with several different groups of people . This works particularly well with different ages and generations . It works well with large groups .
 I purchased this Pez dispenser to have on hand as a decoration of sorts at my son 's 7th birthday party . I thought it was a really fun toy for the kids and adults . It plays the theme song while dispensing the candy . It was a real big hit !!
 This is a fun idea and it works well . We had some trouble with the delivery of the product , but it seems it was not related to the seller .
 My son -LRB- 6 years -RRB- loves this rocket . It is very easy to use and he does n't get tired of playing with it -LRB- has had it for over 6 months now -RRB- . It 's soft enough that it can be used indoors , and flies high enough it can be used outdoors too . Highly recommended !
 Just as showed and would expect . A really good fun toy for the kids to play with outdoors . A good lesson on how air works also .
 I myself do n't own this card but it 's a really good card if you wanted to win a whole tournament in one duel . Due to it 's effect it became banned in tournaments BUT i 'd buy it cause the card is a collector card and who knows the value can go up in a couple of years :-RRB- so i say go for it ; -RRB-
 Great yugioh card excellent condition , great price and my nephew loved it ! Def will order more cards when I can .
 I got this for my 5 year old nephew , and he loved it . His parents set it up right away , and all the little boys in the house went nuts for it . Hard to tell if it will hold up over time - I think it may fall apart quickly as the boys get bigger or if their Daddies start to play with it -LRB- and they will -RRB- . But worth the money , and fun in the moment .
 This little thing is the traditional foam-ball basketball set would be perfect for an office game , or to hang above your garabge can for those not-so-great ideas . It 's great for bedroom-use also -LRB- I did n't mean it that way you sicko . . -RRB-
 Sequence is a great game that can keep a group enjoying it for hours - any age almost can / will play.Team Work is a great advantage to this game , but it really gets you focused and exercises vision , recognition of sequences , strategy , and memory.The Jax Jumbo Tube edition is a great kit -- the much larger , soft board makes it so much easier for a group to play and the tube makes it easy to store or travel and keeps it all safe and together . Amazon shipped it quickly at no cost , so we were able to play shortly after ordering . We have games with three generations often . Standout Players come from all ages and sex.It is competitive , but not so much that you get into arguments or hard feelings . You can take joy in a good strategy or play by anyone .
 Getting the Jumbo game makes it easier to read and play on a large table.It 's alot of fun for the who family . We play it every week-end with familyand friends . And it 's a great game to keep your mind working!I bought this at Amazon .
 We have the regular sized version of this board game and like to play it a lot . I ordered the jumbo version to help a family member who is visually impaired , which it does , to some extent . But the larger board also means that some of the cards displayed are further away and so harder to see due to the distance . I almost need to create a small paper `` cheat sheet '' version of the board.We like the durability of the `` board '' , and that it has no seams . But the chips are thinner and a little flimsy in comparison to the original version . I also wish the packaging was smaller ... the outside tube is HUGE , with a smaller tube inside and the playing pieces and cards . Makes it harder to store.Overall , though , we are happy with it .
 Our family is having so much fun playing this . And once our friends play , they announce that they 've GOT TO GET THEIR OWN GAME . The rules are few , each game has its own challenges and it can be enjoyed by young to older . We love/prefer having the large mat version.We like this set because the chips are different on each side , which makes it easy to identify where a sequence has been completed . GREAT GAME .
 This game is a great game for a family or a small gathering with friends . My family and friends really enjoy this game . It 's big enough for everyone to see and the board is spill proof and made to last forever . Although it 's a little expensive it 's worth every penny .
 The game is wonderful entertainment for all our family from 8yrs , to 67 yrs . The only problem we all had with it was the obscene amount of wasteful packaging when it arrived . At first we could n't believe it was the game inside .
 it is everything i expected everything is bigger , the only thing i dont like about it is the board itself . its made out of like a strong paper like material that can roll up inside the can , i would have prefered for it to be made of cardboard but i geuss it wouldnt have been able to fit inside the tube lol , but outside of that its a great buy
 i just recently learned to play this game with friends and it was on the small board . my girlfriend said her friends made a bigger board so i looked on amazon and found this jumbo verison . we play all the time with this jumbo board its just great we have a lot of fun no matter how many people . -LRB- excellent -RRB-
 This is an excellent card game to be played by two or more players . My family and I have played the normal sized box version and enjoyed it immensely . I purchased the Jumbo version thru Amazon.com as a Christmas gift for my son . This version has a large vinyl mat -LRB- it does lay flat -RRB- which enables everyone to see the playing area so much better . I highly recommend this game for friends and families to have a most enjoyable time using strategy -LRB- and guile ! -RRB- to outwit your opponents , -LRB- either singly or in pairs -RRB- . A great game for ages about 7 to adult .
 Be careful it 's adicting !! Family and friends have now been introduced to Sequence and they all love it ! We have been known to play it into the wee hours of the mormnig . This Jumbo size is so nice and durable . It 's easy for my eyes to see all the possible places to place my chips . I had the smaller version for years and was n't able to play it becasue I could n't see the card plays . Now it 's easy ! I love it !
 Great game to play for young and old . Got this one for my son . Everyone always has us bring our game along .
 We just played this game with our neighbors so we can be subs in their group . It was fun and can be played with different age players . We decided to buy a game of our own so we can play with friends and family . It 's such a relief from the television and computers ! Amazon had the best price !
 We 've been playing Sequence for a number of years and my wife thought this would make seeing the squares easier -LRB- we both are getting far-sighted as we age -RRB- . She unrolled this thing and it was the size of a bath mat . Thick durable vinyl , larger lettering . Added benefit - doubles as a coaster . For everybody .
 I got this as a gift for my parents because they LOVE playing sequence when the family gets together or they have people over to the house . As they get older , they were having difficulty seeing the whole board when 4 people were playing in teams sitting around the kitchen table , so when I saw this I immediately hit the order button . They are in love with it and I am too . It made it a lot easier to play because the `` board '' is a mat that spreads out over the whole kitchen table and allows everyone to see the card spaces clearly . The chips are also bigger and more manageable . If you are playing the game with just 2 players , I think the regular size board is fine , but if you plan on playing in teams or with more people ever , go for this jumbo board . It makes it much more fun .
 This is a really fun game . I love it , and the kids love it . I love the giant size too . The mat is a nice thicker material than I expected , . I thought it might be a thin plastic like Twister but it 's not . I was pleasantly surprised . Highly recommend this !
 This is a fun game for family and friends ! I would highly recommend this game and actually going to buy a couple more for my sister and mom .
 This game is great ! It is fast paced , it 's challenging -LRB- in a good way because it makes you think -RRB- and its fun ! I first played Sequence with a group of my Dad 's friends and was instantly hooked . The jumbo game mat is easily viewed by all players , unlike the board in the `` boxed '' version of this game . My only complaint would be that the rules included with the game are written poorly . I went to the manufacturer 's site and printed them off .
 Got this as a gift for the in-laws . I 'd enjoyed the classic sequence game with them but they had a hard time seeing the small print on the gameboard ... this was a great gift for them ! Just like the old game , but super-sized . The tube it 's packaged/stored in is bigger than I expected , so I 'm glad it 's not being stored at my house !
 This game is a blast i bought one for all house holds in my family . everyone plays together from my 10 year old little brother to my 89 year old great grandpa . We always have a ton of fun . I definitely recomend the jumbo board its much easier to see and it has a very tough vinyl cover so its built to last .
 We have enjoyed playing Sequence for years . This time we bought it for an adult daughter who lives far away .
 Every yearly family vacation we played the standard sized Sequence , and it was a blast . Saw that they had a large format one , and had to get it ! The jumbo why is the only way to go when you are playing with more than 3 people , or on a large table .
 It is a great game for family and friends . The large size makes it easy for older folks to join in the fun .
 We had the regular size Sequence , but when we played in larger groups , it was hard to see the board . JUMBO Sequence definitely remedied that situation ! The beauty of this game is that it can be played by all age groups -LRB- we had from 8 to 49 -RRB- and can be enjoyed by all . Great toy to learn strategy and help observation skills . LOVE IT !
 Every thing was great-except I did not realize the tube was soooo BIG . really an over kill .
 This game has that wonderful balance of chance and strategy . Rules can be easily modified to adjust for age or time available for play . It moves fast enough to still be engaging even while others are plotting their moves . We got this giant board to facilitate our 85 year old grandma to see the board . The chips are also larger and easier to handle for shaky hands . We have both the giant size , which is fun , and the smaller board which is conveniently compact . It is not too difficult for grandma and not too easy for the teens . Up to three can play singly . Four people or more need to be divided into teams and this is also fun because you can not consult with your teammate , same as bridge . This game is fun , the size is fun but if you are short on storage space get the board-in-a-box . We also like Rummikub . This plays a little faster than Rummikub in our family and Rummikub is harder for the old folks in the strategy department .
 Played it first at a friend 's house & had lot of fun . Two other friends , along with myself went home & ordered the game the same night . I even got my husband to play , and he usually do n't like playing board game .
 This game is the latest one that everyone has available in the retirement communities . Once someone experiences the game , it usually results in another sale thereafter . You do n't have to be a retiree to enjoy it . The kids and grandchildren are getting in the act too .
 Easy to play and a great alternative to regular card games . The larger board is easy to read for older eyes . This game is a combination of luck and strategy . It is a big hit for all ages and my family plays it almost every time we get together .
 We 've played Sequence for quite a while and actually got family living overseas to enjoy it as well . It 's a great game for all ages . I purchased this version of the game for older family members who have trouble seeing smaller boards . It 's become quite a popular way to spend quality time with others .
 This seemed expensive for a board game , but I knew the price when I ordered it and it 's just what was represented . Fun game !
 The Jumbo version is great , particularly as one enters the &#34; golden years &#34; and eyesight is n't quite as good as before .
 My wife and I played it once and were addicted . We took it to Christmas and our family loved it as we 'll . it 's easy enough for my young nieces and nephews to play but still challenging enough for the grown ups . You never know who 's going to win !
 The board size of this game is perfect for getting ALL members of your family involved from children through the most mature members . It allows everyone to see their next plays with ease .
 Perfect for 4 to 6 players . It is much better in this larger size . It came in 2 days , . Fun for all ages !
 we have been playing this game for several years . we bought a second game for our second home . we got another couple hooked on this game & we play teams , girls against the guys . it makes for an interesting , stimulating , lots of laughs , evening .
 Este juego tienes bastantes a & ntilde ; os y siempre gusta jugar entre amigos y familiares , siempre lo llevo cuando hay actividades es un gran entretenimiento y muy divertido . Este modelo es el ideal se ve muy bien hasta en personas mayores as&iacute; todos se divierten .
 just what we needed xxxx xxxxxx xxx xxxx xxx xxxxx xx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxxx xxxxx xxxxx This is stupid
 big enough to share the fun with teams of family at Christmas ! easy storage in cylinder ! good investment if you like board games
 this game is such a blast ! great to play on a rainy day or just a quiet evening in ! great : -RRB-
 This game is really quite fun for 3 to 6 players . You can play either individually or in teams . The most fun we 've had was with 6 players in teams , for a total of 3 teams . We also played with 5 teams once , and it was too many .
 The size of this game is ideal for those of age who may have vision problems . As simple as the game may be , it requires much concentration on offense as well as defence . Thus , execising ones mind .
 The game itself is great but it certainly does not need this huge tube to hold it , and it takes up to much space if you store the game in it . Toss the Tube.The board is now big enough for the 6-10 people we have to play it . The smaller board version requires a lot of reaching and tossing of the chips which makes a mess .
 We have had the original Sequence game for some time and after getting the new jumbo mat , we wonder how we ever played the game on the original mat.There is only one thing that is odd , the playing cards with the jumbo game are hard to get use to . The face cards are really strange looking.Other than that the game and jumbo mat are great .
 Looked for this game after seeing it at a friends home , we had the smaller size and as older adults enjoy larger size to see easier . This fits that bill and free shipping was a plus .
 This is such an addictive game . It takes a bit of luck as well as thought and some memory skills . We got hooked on it after only playing it a few times and decided we needed to purchase it for ourselves ! . Now our daughter and son-in-law to be also love to play it ! It 's definitely worth the money . Thank you Amazon for the good price and prompt delivery !
 This is a fun game and the game product is great as it is the jumbo roll up board to play on . The tube it comes in is a little on the too jumbo size and pretty combersome . But with that jumbo tube I have decided to put other games into the tube . I leave my game in my car so I have it when I go places and the tube is a great way to carry the games .
 There are many skills with this card game for the young and old . Concentration , following directions , strategic moves to name a few , and it is fun too ! Alot of laughs , a keen eye on your opponents moves can either help or hinder your strategy . Easy directions . Has a great mat , could be even better if the mat was foam . No sliding of chips if you are outside on a windy day ! I am buying one for my niece 's family this coming up Christmas !
 I bought this game for some fun with other couples ... it is exactly as described and the surface is easy to clean . recommend this to anyone who likes games .
 If you like card games or dominoes , you 'll like this game . You have to play both defensively and offensively against you fellow players . The larger game is really the way to go . It 's easy to see all the places and cards that you place your chips on . It 's a great way to spend a rainy afternoon on a lazy Sunday especially if your football team is loosing .
 This is an intriguing game . It is one that is for varied ages -LRB- We like it , but so does my eight year old grandson . -RRB- It is a game of strategy . I believe that many will get addicted to it as we have -- a good family game , many can play at a time .
 We are using Jumbo Sequence at a Senior Citizen weekly game gathering.The large numbers help us to play this fun game more easily andthe large discs are easy for old hands to navigate.Excellent choice !
 Great game and it came quickly , the packaging was very well thought out and we plan to have lots of fun playing this game .
 Played the game twice with my family and I was hooked . Had to have one for game collection so I came home and ordered
 It has been years since my husband and I have stayed home and played board games , but he loves this game as well .
 We first played this game with friends and had such fun so we bought game of our own so we could play with others ... Taking game on vacation to play with familyGood quality ... great to have tube for easier handling and storage
 it 's an excellent game , arrive on time , great quality . Big enough for entire family play . I 'm happy with this product
 Way better than the regular sized game . We play this game often with family and friends . It 's easier to see everything and is more durable . I think the container and the game will last longer than the regular sized Sequence . I highly recommend this product .
 Friends had ordered this game and we just had to get our own . The game is challenging , fun and keeps our brains active . The board has nice big lettering so is easy to see . And it rolls up to store nicely in the corner or wherever . We have used both a much smaller board as well as a homemade version . But this is clear and pleasant with its vinyl surface which is easy to wipe clean if you spill your drink on it !
 Great game . The Jumbo is large enough for everyone to see easily . The surface cleans easily and it stores in the container that it came in . PERFECT
 We so enjoy this game and am glad we got the jumbo set as it makes it so much easier to play .
 We love the new jumbo sequence , it is easier to see the cards on the bigger mat . We love to play it too .
 The Jumbo Sequence Tube Game is perfect for hours of fun . We needed a board that would work well on a dining room table that all players could easily see . This game is perfect for that . We love the game and the big board makes it that much more fun . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys playing Sequence .
 Great game for friends and family ! This game has become a staple in our circle of friends . We play at least twice a week . We know 5 families that now own this . You really need to go ahead and buy the Jumbo ! I ca n't imagine how you 'd see the cards on the smaller board without reading glasses . Ok so I 'm over 40 there I said it !
 We had the standard set in a box but the board was just too small for our older eyes . We decided to get this jumbo set and have been very happy with it . The roll up mat is so much bigger , especially great for seniors ! The chips are larger too and you just have to turn them over when you get a sequence since the other side is frosted . The only bad thing is the container for the game ... it very large ... seems like the game company could come up with a better solution for packaging it .
 My son introduced us to this game , and we found that it was fun ! He had the small version and since we are much older we needed a larger version ... This is great , it is easier for us to see and it keeps you thinking ! We certainly have a lot of laughs with this game . Thank You
 We played this with friends and had to buy one for ourselves . The only negative is the packaging . We ordered the version in the tube , and it was a hugetube . I would order the version in the box if I did it over . We 're not really people who love to play games , but this is really fun .
 I bought this after I had already bought the original sequence game . The whole reason I wanted this product was for the larger board . It is so much easier to play this game on this larger board . What I did n't realize I was getting was the special coins that on one side is darker and on the other side is lighter and says ` Sequence ' . I like this because it is easier to point out where your sequence is . Everyone in my family loves this game , and it is the first thing we grab on Friday nights !
 I have had a smaller version of this game for many years -LRB- 5-6 -RRB- , so I knew how enjoyable it is . This larger version is great . We like to play with six persons who are over 50 and like the larger size .
 I was really surprised to get exactly what I ordered . This was my frist time topurchase from Amazon.com . It arrived in 2 days instead of the advertized 5-8 days.It was about $ 22.00 cheaper than I could get at manufacture . And it shipped for free.Our family is very happy with the product and the Amazon folks that worked behind the scenes.Would I do this again ... . you bet !
 Favorite game by far . We are staying home to play ! Great for odd number of people . Even our teenage son played with us !
 Very good game and we love the Jumbo size game . Being older folks , we get jumbo cards to use with it . Our friends had to have one after playing ours . Recommend it highly .
 This Jumbo Sequence Tube game is the best Card & Board game that I have everplayed.I realy enjoyed the game . It can be played by all ages . It teaches you tostudy every move by all players . There are no dull moments in this game.The Larger board & chips makes it easier to play.I rate this game a -LRB- 5 -RRB- star.I purchased the game on Amazon .
 Love this game . Was introduced to this about a year ago from some friends . Whenever we get together for whatever reason , we always end up play a few games of Sequence . Even kids can play . Sometimes my husband and I play by ourselves . I love card games and this is a winner !!!
 Sequence is one of our favorite games . It 's great for both adults and older children . The large playing mat is great for us older folks as it 's much easier to see . We roll it up and pack it in our suitcase when we travel . The cards and chips are also easy to pack and do n't take up a lot of room . We like to take this game along on cruises for days at sea .
 This is a great game for the whole family to play . We actually had three generations playing this game over a holiday gathering . It was a pure joy to see . The game is easy to learn and anyone can feel adequate playing it . I would highly recommend it to your family .
 The game pays for itself after it 's first use . Instead of going out , we substituted a few days of the month to have friends or family over to play this fun game . With the cost of an evening out and ad gas prices into the mix you ca n't go wrong especially with a great game like Sequence ! Great to play with the kids too , really gets their brains thinking about upcoming moves and strategies . The jumbo sequence playing mat is really durable and will last forever . Just get it , you wo n't regret it .
 I have purchased 3 of these games and everyone loves it ! It is definitely worth the extra to get the jumbo game ; makes it easier to see for large groups and for anyone over 50 !
 Made out of durable material . I bought almost 2 months ago . We play almost everyday and it still looks brand new . I know it will last a very long time .
 This game is so much fun ! Playing individually or in teams . I love the large table mat much better than the cardboard as it is larger and easily cleaned if something spills . One of the best games I have played in a long time !
 We love the giant Sequence , because it can be played on a large table and more of us can play together.It is especially great for senior citizens because all the cards are larger and easier to see.I would recommend it for all ages .
 I have the smaller version of this game . This is so much better to set up on a tabel with family and friends . Lots of laughs .
 Great family game ! We love the large mat that lays so flat on the table , and was shipped so fast . I ordered one day was here next morning ! My wife and I played a few games that same day.Our grandchildren get it out as soon as they get in the door and want to play it right away!Thanks for the great service !!!
 We all love this game . Started playing it with neighbors a year ago and now we have graduated to the Jumbo gameboard . . Our `` teams '' are always having fun thinking of how to outsmart the other team and now our retirement neighborhood is all involved . When the children and granchildren come to visit , they easily join in and play as well . Its just GREAT .
 This game is great fun for everyone . We even include toddlers in this game . Especially with the large durable board it makes it easy to take and play anywhere .
 We love this game and with this LARGER mat it is so much easier to see .
 Great game made easier by the JUMBO size . Very easy to see the board . I appreciate the relief from eye strain with the regular Sequence board . Nice material and easy to store in the game tube . Much improved !!
 I bought this large edition of Sequence because over Christmas we had a seeing impaired relative staying with us . It worked out great and since the board is so large he could actually play with little assistance . It 's a great group game that we play often as a family .
 We have been playing sequence for years at parties and at home and really enjoy it . The game is one part chance and one part strategy , so no one can really dominate . This game allows every generation to play and be competitive . Our five year old loves it and plays and wins without help . The big board makes it easy to play on a table with everyone able to see . You need some zip loc baggies for the chips and cards , but the tube is great for storage .
 My husband and I learned of Sequence from some friends . We bought the normal board version and got my parents hooked on it . They play it every other weekend with some neighbors . I bought this mat version because the other one can be tough to stare at for long periods of time . They loved the mat . It rolled out completely flat and came with nice big chips .
 We love the new jumbo Sequence . It is much easier to see than the regular sized Sequence . Even our 6 year old grandson prefers this size game to play . It stores in a smaller tube than it comes in and lies flat so the markers are easy to play . Our 4 grandchildren , daughters and son-in-laws and our friends all love to play Sequence . We highly recommend this jumbo version .
 The game is very durable . It 's fun & easy to learn . The board is big enough that it 's easy to read & your eyes do not get tired trying to read the smaller cards . Love it !
 What a great first time purchase . Received on time and just as it was detailed in ad.Would not think twice ordering again.thank you
 Love the game ... as does our family and friends ! We would highly recommend this game for groups of two up to eight people .
 Friends of ours have this game & so my husband & I wanted it also , so much fun ! I gave them for X-Mas presents & was so happy how fast that I received them & they are awesome !!!
 What is there not to like about this game ? Some friends and I played 27 straight games one night . Love it !!!!
 Great Family game and you can play in teams up to 12 players with younger and older players . Easy to learn , but challenges your mind with strategy plays .
 This game is a lot of fun . Our family played it a lot over the holidays . I would definitely recommend .
 This board makes it some much easier to play Sequence . My grandparents own one and have given multiple boards to their friends who also play the game .
 Good quality Just what we needed . Love the big game board.And the container it is in is very sturdy . Arrived as expected .
 I got this for my inlaws for christmas . They love it and it is great with the older crowd because the regular sequence is difficult to see . This works really well for kids too , as they have more room to play on ! AND it is wipeable in case of spills
 Love the size of this game ; so easy to see the card on the board ; also easy to keep clean
 Lugging this thing around to friends ' houses is a pain . The mat is rolled up in a smaller tube inside.The big tube is needed so that there is space to fit in the mat tube , cards , and 3 bags of chips . Good idea from the previous reviewer to buy something to keep the cards in . The cards come wrapped plastic and bubble wrap , I just reused the bubble wrap for now . Chips are in ziploc bags.Sequence is based on a traditional game called Jack Foolery or One-eyed jacks and people have been making their own mats before . You would need at least 3 decks of playing cards to make your `` sequence '' game . One deck to make the mat and two for drawing hands . Google Jack Foolery and click the first link to see pics .
 I guess I did n't quite understand the word JUMBO ! This game is HUGE . The tube stands waist high on my 13 year old . Great game if you 've got lots of space .
 Great fun to be had for couple , teams , or one-on-one with a grandchild . Very competitive and you never knowjust how it will turn out until the final `` Sequence '' . Good for your coordination and concentration . Weenjoy the different stratagies you put into play to win . Men against the women would be lots of fun at Holiday gatherings coming up.Jumbo Tube Game needs to be packaged in smaller container . Much to big to keep for storage .
 a group of friends started to play the game with me and now it is a weekly event.We all love it
 We are so glad that we purchased the Jumbo Sequence . However the only draw back that we have is that we purchased ours from Sears ... wish we would have purchased ours from Amazon !!! As Sears was so much more expensive , nothing was wrong with the game , it was just over priced through Sears ... Anywho ! we have sooooooooooooooooooooooooo much fun with this game , it is educational fun , durable and so many other values like family time and team work ! Well all I can say is that we purchased all our other games through Amazon now . . If you have not purchased the Sequence game , you are missing out . Also we received Sequence numbers as a gift , and while it is a nice game , nothing compares to the Jumbo mat !!!! The whole family loves to play this game , grandparents , children , Aunts etc. ... Get ready to rumble !!!
 Enjoy the large mat so many people can see it and it says where you put it . We love to do board games and this is our favorite since we have thits big mat .
 We 've been playing this game for years and the oversized mat will just do the trick as our group has grown as the kids get older . We only fit around a large table and this oversized mat is just the ticket !!
 We have played Sequence with friends alot and decided we needed to get one for our selves . We purchased it at amazon.com . The price and shipping were reasonable -LRB- free shipping -RRB- . We got the game in about 4-5 days which is awesome in itself . It is a great game to play with friends cuz you can play and visit at the same time and thoroughly enjoy the time spent with friends . It can be played with almost all ages and is family oriented and FUN .
 We have had more fun playing this game , other friends have also enjoyed this game . Recommend . Get for young people as well as older adults .
 A little pricy but a fun game . The large rollup size is very durable . Great for adults and kids alike .
 Bought this for a Christmas Gift - it came in well packaged and the price was really good . They will get alot of joy out of it .
 Excellent quality . . includes all items necessary to play the game . . . . stores beautifully ... excellent value for the price !
 This is a fun way to spend time with family or friends . We played it with my brother and wife . The size makes the game easy to see and space to play .
 I bought a regular edition of Sequence with the fold up board but it was really too small to enjoy . Decided to try the Jumbo version . Wow , what a difference ! Everyone we 've introduced the game to has become an instant fan.Here 's a hint - spend the money on the Jumbo version that comes in the tube since the mat comes rolled up instead of folded like the one that comes in the box . Those creases in the -LRB- boxed -RRB- mat will drive you crazy . It just wo n't lay flat like the rolled up version in the tube .
 The large mat is great for playing on a table with a large group of people.The game is fun for young and old .
 After practically wearing the old board out , and loving this game so much ... decided to splurge and buy the &#34; biggie &#34; . Not at all disappointed . It is great !! Love the huge board ... makes it so easy to see and more fun to play ! Even my son thinks it 's the best !
 1I bought this for a friend . I had already bought one for my self . It is the right size to play on .
 This is a great game . weplay it often . It 's lots of fun.We highly reccomend this game.This is an exclent gamefor families .
 Fun game for a wide range of ages . Enjoy playing this with the entire family grandparents - grandkids ! Quick game that you can play several rounds - the jumbo mat makes it much easier to see and play !
 Fabulous and addictive game - a favorite in this family and with our friends - and the Jumbo size is great for us senior citizens ,
 This version of the Sequence game is great . The tube container allows you to roll up the large Sequence mat and store efficiently . Make sure you roll the mat with the playing field on the outside so the ends lay flat on the table . The tube was larger in diameter than I thought it would be , but it works well .
 This game is very good for family get together.Everyone I play this game with enjoys it very much . Keeps the brain sharp . This is a game you will enjoy for years to come
 Great family game ... we find it the most fun when we have more than two people playing.The game is fairly easy to play with some times very fast action on the board ... Two thumbs up !
 Some friends introduced us to Sequence and we enjoyed playing so much I decided to order one for our family . My husband and I enjoy playing evenings when it 's too cold to go away and there is nothing good on TV ! Like the jumbo version and the fact that the mat is so much nicer than the hard board that is also available . It 's a great game and lots of fun .
 When you receive the fund did not expect what I found insideWas more than wonderfulPlans , choose your game and let your mind translates his ideas
 Fun family game and up to 12 people can play . Everyone can play takes a little concentration but so much fun .
 Our order arrived before Christmas and my family enjoyed playing this game almost every night . It makes you think before you make any moves with your cards and improves visual acuity . My dad loved it and so my kids . They spent hours playing over and over again . Very entertaining and excellent for family bonding !
 As a family toy ... we really do n't look at it as toy though ... but it 's a reall family get-together game ... highly recommend it ... but I would recommend the players be at least 13 yrs old and `` understand '' what playing cards mean ... otherwise ... you '' ll be continuously explaining what 's happening ... anyone that plays cards will thoroughly enjoy this game ... you can play with two people but do n't recommend it ... 4 people is ideal ... then you 've got teams ... and that 's really fun .
 This is always a great game . This one I took on a trip where I knew we would be outdoors , so it is more durable and flexible than the original . It was well appreciated !!
 We visited some friends this fall and they had the game of Sequence . After a fun-filled day on the lake , touring the area and having a nice dinner we would all look forward to another challenge of girls against guys with our Sequence game . As soon as we arrived home , we purchased our own game to enjoy with our grown children and bought a kid 's version for the grandkids . Sequence is a very challenging game and keeps you on your toes , creating different strategies for a win . We really enjoy our new game and the quality is excellent for many years of play .
 The package came and with great anticipation we unpacked it and looked at all the items . All looked good but thought the chips could have been packed in a heavier quality plastic bag . Cards should have been REGULAR size . The challenge is there and we , six of us , enjoyed playing Sequence for hours that evening .
 This game is so much fun ! My husband will even play and he is not a game person . My 6 year old loves it too !
 This larger version of sequence is great to play with because the mat is so easily viewed . We play in a group of 6 and so the smaller boards are problematic . It comes in a large cardboard tube which might be difficult to store if your space is limited . We like the game because it is easy for all ages and the pace of the game allows for conversation and snacking !
 We love the large mat . It 's so much easier to see . I also like the tube which keeps it flat because you roll it .
 This game is great for family and friends ' fun . Great for kids to learn strategies . Love the roll . Tube is great for storage .
 I played the jumbo version a couple of months ago and like that it is better for more players ... easier to see the cards on the board . This version is great when playing with two people or six , so had to get it !
 It was just what I ordered . Nothing missing and made well . It a great game play it all the time with friends . Try it you 'll like it .
 Sequence is a fun game and the Jumbo version makes it easier to play with it almost anywhere , and it even helps shortsighted people because the cards in the game pad are bigger . The only con I found is the packaging
 Wether you are a kid , tenager or adult , the Jax Jumbo Sequence Game is the most entertaining game to enjoy in family or with friends , with easy to read instructions and lots and lots of ways to win . Enjoy !!!!!
 We really enjoying playing this game on a small board but the larger mat is great when you are playing with other couples . Hours of FUN , must have for any home , party or take it on vacation .
 This game is great for a party . Many people can play and you do not need to have an even number . Lots of fun for everyone !!
 We have 6 people in our family -LRB- including teens -RRB- and this game is great for everyone . It 's very easy to learn and we can play with 2 - 6 players . The mat is very durable and I would definitely go with this version instead of the smaller , less expensive one . My parents also enjoyed it so much that we purchased one for them . The first day it arrived they had company and they immediately set up the game and played all afternoon . LOVE this game !
 Very entertaining game . Lots of fun especially when played by more than 4 players . My neighbors and we love the game . We have a game night once or twice a week and enjoy it to the max .
 Played this game with the old board original game ... This Jax Jumbo Sequence Tube is the best ! Easy to see and rolls up and stored compact ... love it !!!!
 Love to play this game - with both grandson and our `` senior '' friends . The large mat is perfect for easy playing and visibility . The vinyl is a good thickness and , hopefully , will be durable for many years of playing the game . Its improvement over the board game is 100 % .
 This is a great game for two or ten people . It is very durable and easy to play and a very very fun game . I bought it on Amazon.com
 We love this game and when we found it came in the larger size were very happy . I have a sister with vision issues and this is great for her to be able to see !
 We 've played this game several times with friends while RVing . The first few times it was the size of a standard board game and I found myself needing to stand up to see the board clearly . Then the last time we played , a couple had the Jumbo size . A major difference ! It fits comfortably on any table , card table , dining table , etc. and is much more enjoyable since its sooo easy to see without having to get up and down . This game is alot of fun with moderate statigic playing . Well worth the cost !
 Product arrived in excelent condition . Sequence is a great game to play with 2 or more players.Jax Jumbo Sequence Tube Game
 Big size helps a lot to play with more people and better view of the game eliminate down time !!!!
 A must have for family game night . We got hooked three years ago , and since then , purchased four more Jumbo Tubes as Christmas gifts . Do n't waste your money on the smaller versions of Sequence . This product is well worth your money , and hours of fun .
 We have had this game for years and love it so much we always share with friends . This purchase was for a friend out of state . They love it too . On many get togethers whether just a few people or a dozen , we play with one game or multiples and have a great time . Everytime we introduce this to someone , they want to get one for their family . Best game in ages .
 We love playing this game . We get together with a lot of friend and have a GREAT time ...
 I played this Jumbo Sequence game with some friends who owned it . It make the game so much more enjoyable , that I had to get one for myself . I really like being able to see the board even if there are 8 players . It is very durable . The only down side is that it is that it takes up a fair amount of space in the games cupboard . But , that is a small price to pay for better playing enjoyment .
 For those of us who already LOVE the game , this version is particularly suited for those occasions when there are more than four or five people playing .
 Very fun game , very surprised at how fast it got here . Amazon is the best !!! Terri
 Great fun for all . I like the tube version because the playing mat does not get creased , it lays flat like it should . Tube is extremely large , seems like it could all fit in a smaller tube .
 Jumbo Sequence is a very exciting game for up to twelve people to play . I only wish the tube that it is stored in was smaller so I could take it on trips . Mexican Train Dominoes is also a very fun game for many to play .
 My family & friends love this game . You must be sure your playing matt is a jumbo size . The regular playing matt is too small.When this item arrived I was amazed at the size of the shipping box . The actual tube is way to big to store the game , cards & chips . Does anyone have any ideas for reusing the huge tube?A very fun game !!! ... LynnJax Sequence Game , Jumbo Sequence Tube
 Sequence is s great game for just about any age group . This size of playing area makes the game very easy to visualize patterns .
 One of our favorite games . The size is big ! Takes up our entire coffee table but it is perfect size for a regular table . I am going to purchase a smaller version too for when we play in the living room . If you have never played this you should buy it . I would suggest buying an electric card shuffler . The cards need to be shuffled really well if your playing with just two people .
 This is a great family game . Requires some concentration , but it does n't require so much that you ca n't enjoy . Super family game night .
 We played this a some friends and at the end of the evening we ordered 3 . Our adult children came and left our home with a request for one for their next gift . So much easier to play than the small game board .
 This is such a great game that I bought 3 for the kids for Christmas . Children and adults can play individually or with teams . Easy to learn .
 We got this after playing a few games with neighbors . Highly recommend this larger size as it 's so much easier to see .
 A great game made better by its larger format . No more straining to see the board . The game itself is very competitive , but you can play it without having to be totally absorbed in the rules .
 Everyone loves this game , the size is perfect much better than the little one I will recomend this large size always , thanks .
 The game is good for the table top . The playing mat is easy to play on . The chips are marked with white , on the opposite side , when a sequence is made you know that you can not remove them.With the smaller version , the chips are not marked in white .
 Delivery was fast . The product is great . This Sequence game is larger than the game board and very easy to read making the game much more enjoyable .
 we love this game . we play it on family game night . this large version of the game makes it easy to play .
 Well worth the extra money for this game format . Purchased a closable travelling soap dish for the cards , and better Ziploc bags for the chips - and throw everything into the tube . Having read some comments about the flexible board curling gave some hesitation for going this route . This was solved by rolling the board with the printing on the outside , so that when the board is unrolled the natural temporary edge curl is downwards . The only possible negative is the tube is not handy for travelling or storage
 Sequence is a game using two decks of cards , where players try to match a card in their hand to the card on the playing board . Get five in a row , a sequence , and you freeze them in place . Do this twice to win . Like all very good games , the rules are simple but play can be complex . Do you build your own sequence or do you block another player ? Jacks are wild and can be used to remove a played card or on place of a card . This becomes a game of luck , drawing the right cards . Skill , playing with the right mix of building and blocking and strategy . Easy to learn , it will keep you busy considering the possibilities for hours.OK , this is a real good fun game . Why not buy the standard version and spend less money ? The large playing surface allows everyone to see the board without problems . The tube ensures the playing surface lays flat with no possible chip movement due to folds . Without a clear view of the playing surface , the fun disappears . Older adults , younger children or groups of six players will find this version of the game keeps you playing . Being able to see the board will keep players from getting tired of trying to see cards on the small board . This will very quickly end play and move you to another game.Physically this very impress presentation is easy on your eyes and worth the extra money .
 I did not grow up with this game , but I wish I did . It 's a great family game and it 's great to play with friends after dinner . The best part is you do n't need to already know how to play . You can learn this game in the four minutes it takes to set up the board and shuffle the cards . Our kids play it , and their Grandmother loves it too.Get the big tube version . It 's well worth the investment . I ' t easier to see and the texture of the board means the chips do n't move around much if the table gets bumped . Another good thing is games do n't go on forever , a game might go for 30 minutes , more or less , so we 'll get about 3 games in when we play.While the game is not complicated , it 's full of decisions and lends itself to strategy . It 's not just a random thing who wins . The kids need to have vision and think ahead when they play . Thinking in patterns is also helpful and trying to time plays is also important . One final benefit , is that the kids have never fought over the play or outcome of this game .
 We have enjoyed playing the Sequence game for years , but now that we are `` senior citizens '' this jumbo enlarged board & chips have made it even more fun for our group of 6 get togethers . The flat fold-up board always had a reflection while playing the game at night and was hard to see for players in the strategic positions where the light would shine on the `` board '' . With the roll up larger `` oilcloth '' style of board , this elimates the glare and much easier on the eyes . We ordered 3 of the games and the one we have has smeared numbers at the top of the game board - we can make it out OK , but we were disappointed that the numbers were n't a little clearer -LRB- the 4-5 & 6 of spades -RRB- . Otherwise , a much improved game for us older folks .
 This has been a very fun game so far . I have n't played teams with it yet and I think it will make it even funner . You can work on making your sequence or focus on blocking others from making theirs . It is a very easy game to learn and play . For young kids all they need to do is match the card in their hand with the card symbol on the board so they can play along with adults . Adults have to use stratigy on which place is best to lay down their chips . It is a very large container to store the game in but it will keep the mat in good shape for years to come . Fun game !
 My husband and I love this game . We try to find time each day to play at least two games a day . We 're anxious to show our grandchildren the game.However , they are only two years old . It 's fun to play with two but it 's even more fun playing with four people . I really recommend the Jumbo Sequence . It lays nice and flat on the table and the size is great !
 Not much to say other than if you enjoy playing card games this one is a must ! The Jumbo version is much easier to play due to the increased visibility of the cards on the board - the smaller boards are just TOO small for an enjoyable game . Too bad we had n't found it a long time ago .
 If you like this game -LRB- and it comes in many formats -RRB- be sure to buy this jumbo board . Makes the game so much easier to see and play.Gwen in FL
 We love to play Sequence so when we heard about the large mat packed in a tube we knew we had to have one . It arrived packed in a huge box - thot I 'd ordered a dozen instead of just one . But when we unwrapped it we found it was just what we wanted .
 A friend of mine introduced me to this game ... I enjoyed it so much , I had to order one for myself to share with other friends and family . It is a great game played with partners ... I love to think through my strategy for my next move and block our opponents.We have a lot of fun playing this game , and really enjoy the Jumbo size . . makes it a lot easier to play . Also available in smaller sizes for travel .
 This is a great game , and the giant playing surface makes it even easier to play and enjoy
 Sequence is a fantastic card game . Everyone should play it at least once . If you do , you wo n't be able to stop at just one game . I would recommend Sequence to everyone .
 Our family loves to play Sequence . We were introduced to it at Christmas time by a cousin . Immediately , my parents , my aunt and our family all purchased games of our own . It even causes our sixteen year old daughter to enjoy spending time with her family . * smile * The jumbo version is definitely better than the small gameboard version .
 This game is by far the best game in the world . Once you get your friends and family to play once or twice , they will get hooked . I bought this jumbo game and gave my smaller game to a friend because we are all hooked to the game and have to play whenever we or they visit each other.I gave the game a perfect because it is addicting , makes everyone think hard and gives children the chance to think , and learn critical thinking .
 We are absolutely thrilled with the jumbo sequence game . The larger size makes group playing much more enjoyable and is easier to see open spaces and work strategies . The rolled mat stores easily and lays flat each time we 've played . Wish we had known about and purchased this one initially . Hats off - GREAT game !!!!
 Received my order in record time which surprised me as I expected to have to wait at least a week before receiving my order . The game arrived in excellent condition and is all that was advertised . It is a perfect size for ease of playing .
 Ever since we started playing Sequence 7 years ago , everyone we 've played it with ended up buying it and becoming as addicted to it as we are ! Great fun for couples , families , friends . We have 3 total -LRB- 2 regular size & one Jumbo - LOVE the jumbo -RRB- to take on trips , parties , etc. . No one we 've played this with has been disappointed , in fact , the game sold out at our local Target because of all of our friends buying it ! Tons of fun ; strategy & luck -LRB- great learning/critical thinking for kids -RRB- . The object of the game is to get two rows -LRB- of 5 -RRB- `` sequences '' - easy to learn , you 'll be addicted day one ! Turn off the TV and connect w / friends & family . I promise , you wo n't be disappointed ! -LRB- side note
 sequence is a game we all enjoy . Going to the larger playing board -LCB- mat -RCB- is a nice way for all to see much clearer during play especially with 4 or more players .
 This is a great product and I will tell all of my friends about it . I received this item very quickly . Enjoying it very much .
 Big , sturdy tent that takes about 1/2 hour to assemble the first time . Well designed , looks great and kids love it . It would be nice if it were weatherproof , but it 's easy to take down and bring inside , and it sets up again in a few minutes .
 My twin sons loved the Tee Pee . They were able to fit a couple of chairs and some other toys , has been holding up to the rain and sun . Still looks pretty good . Great toy for outdoor children !!!
 Modern day Lincoln Logs are not the same as we the ones many of us love and remember . THESE ARE . All of the current Lincoln Log Brand sets have plastic roofs and limited room for building creativity ... they pretty much only assemble into the construction you see one the box . These are like the old ones that have wooden slats for the roofs that can also be used for other things like fences and stuff . If you are looking for the good-old fashioned logs that provide unlimited building capabilities , get these ones . I suggest getting multiple `` Frontier Log '' sets for maximum fun .
 I was a bit wary about ordering a generic brand of Lincoln Logs but this set was good quality . I found the `` real '' Lincoln Logs have a little bit smoother of a groove in the pieces , but these are still good quality and if I need more -LRB- which I do n't after buying a set of Lincoln Logs and this set -RRB- I would buy these again . The value ca n't be beat and the kids have a lot of fun with them .
 The grandkids love the building set . They are ages 9 , 4 and 2 . All three enjoy the fort . It is a great toy for the imagination . Very sturdy . It would even be nicer if it came in a carry case with a handle , instead of just a box . Overall great toy ! Would highly recommend .
 Lincoln logs just like the old days ! Great product ! Great service ! Lots of pieces for the kids to play with .
 I loved these building blocks when I was a kid and I still love them now . They are excellent for building and are great for pretend play . You can make all kinds of buildings , forts , and whatever else you can think of ! Because these blocks fit together the structures you make are sturdier than standard blocks as well .
 These are excellent . Very well made -LRB- dark brown w / some sort of wax , maybe paraffin ?? -RRB- . A large portion of the logs are 3 notches long . I have them mixed w / some Tumble Tree Timber logs , and I assume they 'd also work well w / Lincoln Logs . The Tumble Tree Timbers were unfinished wood so I 'll be doing some sort of staining to make them match . Our little girl is almost three and she likes to put the roof pieces on and build jumps for her horses . I do n't think it will be long before she 's building real buildings . My husband and I love playing with them too - fun for the whole family . I think these will be played w / for years . Woodworking Grandpa made a set of 4 & 5 notch logs and the roof slats & triangle roof supports to match to round out our collection . That would be my only complaint - someone needs to sell longer logs !!
 We bought this for my son for Christmas , and now both of my kids are having fun building things with them . While the logs themselves seem to be well-made , they are coated with a thick layer of wax . My children have dumped them out on the hardwood floors , and the tile in our kitchen , and each place they play with them , the floor becomes dangerously slippery . I am pregnant and have slipped and almost fallen 4 times now . I suppose if they are going to be played with on carpet , that is your best bet for safety concerns . Wish I had known how much coating was on these things , as I probably would have purchased the leading brand instead . But they are still a good toy overall , and well made .
 Bought these for my 8 year old son and he loves them . Especially combined with his plastic army men . This pack contains a lot of pieces for versatility .
 Easy to assemble and kids liked the figurines . Wish there had been more horses to go with the figures . Nice set
 Grandson loved em . We had a good time building with these . Would buy again for the kids as we all could it as a family .
 Frontier Logs are a hit with my boys , ages 6 and 9 , and my girl , age 8 . My husband loves them , too . ;-RRB- We love that they are all wood -LRB- no cheap plastic -RRB- and that they came with figurines . Hours of fun in our house !
 My little nephew was thrilled when he opened this gift . The item was hard to find in the mall locally .
 We are doing a Cowboys and Indians themed Christmas for our two younger boys -LRB- 3 yrs and 1 yr -RRB- ; I bought this set in addition to http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000S6A0G0/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i02 and the DVD The Indian in the Cupboard . These are the peffect addition and compliment our theme perfectly . Great price , great quality , and fantastic shipping . My boys are going to love them .
 My grandson loves Lincoln Logs . . but we could get twice as many pieces for the same price by buying the Frontier Logs . I just hope they last as long as my Lincoln Logs have !
 I may be 24 years old but I remember playing with these as a kid and still love them ! Great creative toy for kids of pretty much any age . You could even think of ways to integrate these into school - have a report on Abraham Lincoln ? Why not build the log cabin home he was born in as a visual aid ? I ca n't wait for my younger cousin 's birthday to come around , I know what I 'm getting him !
 If your child likes to build things , this is the perfect gift . He will play with frontier blocks for hours .
 It is the product you see and it shipped fast . Good product just does n't have good instructions on how to build something cool .
 Grandson loved it . Nice toy for a 30 year old mentally defective young man . Required words are beyond this old man .
 More economical than the `` other '' logs . Kids love them the same . Slightly lighter in color with a smooth waxy finish .
 My three old loves his frontier logs ! I was surprised to see all the cowboys and Indians that came along with the logs , my son plays with those more than the building logs . I was a little worried they would n't be as nice as Lincoln logs , but I really ca n't tell the difference except for the price .
 I bought these for my grandson . My kids also grew up with a similiar product - Lincoln Logs - and loved them . They are well made & sturdy and wlll provide hours of creativity and building fun . He also liked the action figures and the storage box is great for keeping all the pieces together when not being used .
 This Strawberry Shortcake suitcase is very cute . It seems to be quite durable , although we only used it once so far . The price was excellent too . If you have a Strawberry Shortcake fan who can use a suitcase , then this is the product for you . The size is big enough for packing things for a weekend trip to Grandma 's or elsewhere .
 This toy is very durable and stands up to a lot of abuse . As another reviewer stated it is not for indoor use , which is why it 's called a playground ball , or in my day , a kickball . It is meant to be kicked hard - very hard . And I have no doubt it would stand up to such use . My children are all 5 and under right now and they still have a blast with it indoors -LRB- rolling , bouncing , e tc -RRB- and out -LRB- kicking , throwing , etc. . -RRB-
 My five year old ganddaughter has this playground ball . First the good points . It is well made and very durable . She sits on it -LRB- or tries to -RRB- punches it and is rather tough on it I might say . It is colorful and does a great bounce . The only drawback would be if it hits someone this ball would definitely hurt . As we all know children miss when throwing so using it inside is not an option that is for sure . And it can wallop a real punch if it hits anyone so care must be taken when children are playing with it . It is certainly well made and has lasted in this household for almost a year now . I would not buy this ball for children under 6 or 7 .
 -- Great midnight black Shelby Cobra -- -- Super detailing and excellent glossy finish -- Mine was very carefully packed and arrived in perfect condition -- -- Offered here - especially for those with an Amazon PRIME account - it is an excellent value --
 My sister and I brought this car for her son soon after he turned two yrs old . I wanted to beat anybody who planned on buying him one of those electric cars . I think they -LRB- the electric cars -RRB- promote laziness . Its and old fashioned toy that promotes excercise and imagination . My nephew still can not pedal the car but loves it . So does every other kid who sees it . Those that are to big to drive it wish they could -LRB- that would include me -RRB- . Once it got warm my sister left the car outside and the 6 year old from next door hopped the fence and enjoyed driving while my nephew stood in the window screaming `` my car , my car '' . He was so loud my sister had to look out.Its made of all medal and should n't leave it out in the rain as my sister does . Its starting to squeak a little because of it but I think a little oil will do the trick in the sping . But as ruff as my nephew is , the car looks like new . I ca n't wait til sping when my nephew it old enough to actual pedal and stir the car . He is going to have a blast . He already loves everything about driving . His dad call it his low rider .
 My wife collects Barbies and was very pleased with the doll and the great condition of the box . I would buy from this seller again .
 cartridge worked fine with the talking frog . this vendor worked with me to correct my order mistake in a professional and timely manner . thanks . My grandson did n't seem to care much about the talking frog though . oh well
 I ordered this for my 2 year old niece . She really enjoys playing with the my own learning leap , and loves listening to the stories it tells .
 My daughter loves kitties , so she is having alot of fun playing with the kitties . But the house is not played with . It does not stand up as the bottom is all folded up and will not stay flat , nor does it have a door like some of the other Unipak animal houses . Overall , we love the kitties , do n't like the house !
 I read the reviews and went ahead and ordered it thinking that even if it was n't quite like it was pictured it should still be awesome and fun . I ordered this cat house and the dog house both from Unipak for my twin four year old daughters . Even though it is not as pictured the cats have shaggy fur , but they are quite soft . I hope she likes them . I am rating this four stars because of the misleading picture and if I did n't purchase it for her Christmas present I would probably return it and get another puppy house , because the puppies are just as pictured and super cute , where as the cats look kind of rat like and not well constructed .
 My kid is obsessed with cats . This is a good way for her to play with multiple cats . They are cute and live in their plush cat house . The only complaint would be are the holes are too small to easily get the cats in and out of , otherwise this toy is cool . We named the cats Dusty , Ginger , Snowball , Old Nasty , and Patches .
 My little one wanted ten kittens for Christmas , we got her this and a nursing momma cat , the best gift ever !
 I got this for my 7 year old daughter who told Santa the only thing she wanted for Christmas was a stuffed cat toy . Boy was she surprised when she got 5 adorable kitties !! Since then we have added name tags to all of them and they have become a regular in her playtime . My one complaint is that the house for them is very small and hard to get them into . Would have been nicer if it was more of a carrying case for her to take those kitties with her .
 purchased this as a christmas giftfor my 4 year old daughter , and it is so cute !!! afteI saw a booth with it at a local xmas festival , and I did n't buy it there and totally regretted it !! so happy i was able to find on amazon - the kitty house is darling , and she absolutely luvs it : -RRB-
 My daughter enjoys these cats . The kittens are very soft and have cute faces too . The &#34; house &#34; is not exactly what we expected . Its not terrible , just a little hard to get into . There are 5 openings that just drop down into a main room . The openings do n't open any larger so adult hands will not fit into the opening , and there is n't any other way for the pets to come in and out . This does n't seem to bother my daughter , it was just an observation . The &#34; house &#34; was n't crushed like some of the other reviews mentioned . All in all , she likes it , thats really all that matters !
 This is exactly what I was looking for . My daughter loves little beanies so these kittens were perfect . I love the little carrying case they come with . Too cute : -RRB-
 This is a gift for my kitty loving grandaughter . The house was crushed when it arrived , I blew up a plastic bag inside the house then wrapped it up . I hope it will return to it original shape by Jan. 1st 2013 .
 No one could pass by this little cat house without playing with it . It is adorable . Really cute for kids .
 My 6-year-old granddaughter desperately wanted this little house with kittens . When I went to the local store to purchase it , it was gone . Fortunately , my DIL knew the manufacturer so I was able to find it on Amazon . She adores all the kittens , immediately named them , selected one each night to go to bed with her . A big hit !!
 This is so dang cute.Wish I would have gotten one for both my girls as they fight over it.Wish it was easier to get the cats in and out.Reccommend to anyone who loves cats or animals .
 Bike is a lot bigger than I expected ! Lights and sounds are great ! Great for the biggest Harley kid ! Would order from here again !
 My husband asked for a Harley for Christmas , I asked for a new kitchen . He got a Harley , but I did n't get a kitchen . Makes noise and looks really nice sitting in his office .
 Perfect gift for my husband . It works fine and have a good quality . Fast shipping . I will definitely buy another one soon .
 highly recommend ! love this toy ! All Harley ! Gramdkids went crazy ! One very cool toy ! Buy it you will not be sorry
 My husband & I ride Harleys . II have a Softtail Custom and he has an Ultraglide . My grandson loves our motorcycles & our motorcycle toys . This toy was perfect because he now has his own like grandma & grandpa !
 my godson love his new harley when i gave it him for his last b-day present he could n't stop playing with it
 Great toy - my son loved it ... but angry that the week after we got it I found it at Ross for $ 12 .
 `` Santa '' gave this to my son as a Christmas gift . Around here we did n't see anything like this so he was certain it was made in Santa 's workshop : -RRB-
 I bought this table for my 18-month-old . I wanted something small for her playroom where she could sit and color . This table is fantastic . It is easy for her to access and she uses it constantly . Many of the tables I looked at while shopping were paired with chairs that were just too tall for her . This table/bench combo is the perfect size . It is also light weight and easy to move from room to room . I would recommend it highly .
 This is a very cute table perfect for my 2 kids . They like having picnics outside sitting at their table that is just the right size for them . As far as assembly my husband put it together rather quickly and it is very sturdy . I am pleased with my purchase .
 We purchased this table when our daughter was 18 months old . It is the best table out there , it is very sturdy and she learned to get in and out of it very easily which was a plus over tables with separate chairs . Our daughter is now 2 + yrs old and we still use it every day . We use it to draw and paint , take it outside to our garden and bring it back in , nothing seems to damage it , my husband and I even sit on it sideways . I love the fact that it folds nicely for storage . This table has been a hit with our daughter 's little friends too , when they come over several kids will sit together and eat and I 've even taken it to the park for picnics . BEST BUY !!! We expect to be using it for at least another 2 years or more . Even our 5 year old nephews want to eat breakfast in it whenever they stay over !!
 Play Table is sturdy and colorful and my grandson -LRB- 18 months -RRB- loves it . It is good for small children - better than just table and chairs which tend to tip over . I wish it were a little bigger but it will fit 4 smalls or 2 larger children nicely .
 Well made and well priced . Your kid will find a million and 1 uses for it ... more than you dreamed of as you loaded it into your cart . Buy buy buy
 Other tables were double to triple the price . Look no further than this table , as it is just perfect for toddlers and is sturdy and safe . We have several of these in our church nursery as well and have four 1-2 year olds sit at each one without any trouble . To have this table be portable is just a fantastic bonus .
 The table is the greatest thing we have purchased yet ! Our 24 month old daughter loves the table for eating and for arts and crafts . When she colors on it , we wipe it off , when she needs to eat , she carries her plate to the table and prefers to sit there vs. the big table . It was a great investment for us !
 This has been the best buy I have ever made being a mother . I have an almost 4 year old and a 21/2 year old . I bought this table when my first son was about 13 months old . It has come in extremely handy and the kids use it every day for various activities . Eating , drawing , watching TV , and snacking . Of all of the items I 've bought for the kids , this is the one item that gets used often every day ! Both boys can fit on the table very well and one child is big for his age and the other is small . Its true that anymore than two toddlers is too much for this picnic table though .
 This table is great for toddlers , and it 's so light and easy to move around/store for the adults . We use it inside for snack-time , but it is easy to move outside for a picnic . Highly recommend it .
 We just bought this for our 3 yr . old , and he does everything on it ! It is very durable , and also light weight so we can move it around easily . This table will last well through our second son as well .
 I got this for my 25 month old boy/girl twins and its great for making the transition from high chairs to the table . It is sturdy , the color is pleasant to look , its easy to clean and to assemble .
 My brother and I had this toy when we were babies thirty years ago . We had so much fun with it that my mother saved it , and my son has been happily playing with it since he was about 3 months old . When he was younger he used it more as a traditional rattle ; it was very easy for his little hands to grab . At 10 months he loves to shake it in time while we sing `` Jingle Bells '' , roll it along the floor to chase , chew on it , and fit it into his stacking cups . There are so many ways to play with this toy!Our version is unpainted wood , but made by the same company ; aside from a bit of aging on the silver of the bell , it is as good as new . A great classic toy !
 I have this sitting at work , it is very very nice ! The quality is amazing . I really love these shelby models .
 This was a great purchase of a fine model . It was very well made and was undamaged when it was received . The Shelby addition was very well done . If it were larger it would be a real car !
 This is an official Shelby product , which should add to it 's value . The car is very detailed , packaged very well and securely . I am very happy with my purchase .
 I first came across this book at a magic shop in Las Vegas . Had a blast using it until a year later while traveling a bottle of febreze leaked on it and warped the pages . Reordered it and keep this copy at home . Super easy to use , super fun to freak people out . Just practice your ways of presentation , and you can REALLY mess with people .
 I use this to begin teaching science . It is one of those `` discrepant events '' that you show the kids the white paper , then with the lines , then colored in . They take forever trying to figure out what happened !
 This is a cute little plastic highchair . It is made from a strong attractive plastic , unlike a lot of other plastic toys , so it fits right in with her painted wood kitchen . It went together easily enough . I prefer it in the traditional high chair position . It 's a little smaller than I thought it would be , but it still fits her baby Chou Chou and soft baby Stella . I 'd recommend it for ages 4 and up .
 I gave this to my two yr old granddaughter for Christmas . HerDad was able to assemble it in about five minutes without tools and Sadie had her dolly Rosie seated with us for Christmas dinner . I am sure she will enjoy playing with it for many years to come as it also can be broken down to create a chair and table for her doll .
 We wanted a high-chair for our two-year-old 's dolls and this one is just perfect . Went together very easily , is the right height for most of her cabbage patch-sized dolls , looks good and most importantly , appears to be quite durable . Plastic is strong and does n't appear to be flimsy .
 Super cute but tiny -LRB- per the measurements -RRB- It was just smaller than I imagined.My daughter loves it but she 's four and almost too big for it.It was very easy to put together !
 I ca n't comment on the assembly of this item , since Santa assembled it while Daddy was a bit busy.This thing is small ... very small . You should know that by the dimensions , but it does n't really make the impression until you see it . It is the perfect height for my daughter , and is proportioned properly for the doll that goes in it , but it 's so ... small.Anyway , the only real comment here is that she loves it , but it is constantly being knocked over by my son when he walks by it a little too briskly ... or he does it on purpose , I do n't know.Sometimes , when she `` feeds '' the baby , she knocks it over as well.It is made of plastic and very light - good for moving around the house , but bad for keeping it upright.Still , she loves it and plays with it , pretending to be a Mommy . It makes her happy , which is its purpose .
 This is cute and a good size for a little one . I like the fold out table feature . My daughter is 20 months old , and is n't ready to play with it appropriately with the table out , though . She wants to sit on the table instead . Happily , that has n't damaged it at all . We keep it in the high chair position for now . It is too hard for her to move out by herself .
 We 've had this toy for a few months now and both my kids are still playing with it on an almost daily basis . Definitely a good buy . My daughter who is now 4 still just loves playing momma and this was a perfect addition to her little pretend nursery . Now my 2 year old son gets in on the action , it 's too cute too watch .
 This high chair is very pretty and fits our daughter 's dolls nicely . It 's a perfect size for our 22 month-old daughter . It does n't look cheap like many other ones I 've seen and it was easy to put together . What more could you want ? This chair also converts into a desk and chair set but I do n't think we 'll ever do that -- it 's probably always going to just be a high chair .
 Fits all the dolls we have . Every doll is full every day because of this high chair . Quality contruction . No problems keeping it together .
 My 3 year old niece loves this chair . 1 of her dolls is always in the chair & she attempts to feed the doll any and all food.Very easy to assemble . All parts were too big to put into a child 's mouth .
 If you like Monopoly , this is the same game . If you also know something about surfing and the surfing world , this version makes it even more special . It just as fun as the classic with a beachy/surfing edge.Love it .
 I purchased this game for my teenager who is a surfer ... he and all of his surfer friends have had a blast playing this game . They say , `` it 's a great way to kill time while waiting for the waves to pick up '' .
 Neat idea for any surfer , something to do while waiting for swell . Or dream about surf trip ... pieces are cool.I would recommend
 Bought this for a couple of surfer kids . Brings the fun and enjoyment of the original game , with a new beach twist . Kids thought it was `` Awesome '' . We adults who played with them agreed .
 For being a `` toy '' it is a nice guitar with digital tuner and instructional dvd . It is a very good value for the price .
 While I did not buy this item new , I found one barely used . The instrument is made in China , so you 're not getting american hardwood.For a beginner guitar , I am having a great time with it . Not bad for a travel guitar , or a 15 y.o. learning to play .
 I love this elephant ! I use it for storytimes and you can not only move it 's mouth but also put your hand/arm down the trunk and move that too . It 's big and soft and a beautiful grey .
 I knew Folkmanis would never disappoint but was still thrilled at the high quality of this puppet . Folkmanis puppets are consistently great quality , of beautiful design , and fun to use . This puppet , however , is exceptionally soft , almost velvety in texture . A great toy for little ones to hug and hold as well as a fun puppet . Using your hand , one can move the mouth and swing the trunk a bit.My children love this puppet ! This large puppet is a must-have for puppet lovers and elephant lovers !
 Very large puppet . Like a stuffed animal . Your whole arm becomes the trunk . My son loves it .
 My grandchild loves elephants . I saw this and never expected it to be so plush ... and beautiful . No picture can do it justice . It would be good for any age to add to a collection . It 's a toy , a puppet , a collectors item .
 We purchased a ton of these Playmobil extra Toys and small sets and put them in a `` Prize Bag '' for my daughter to `` go on the potty '' ! She did n't have any interest in potty training at age 3 , until we had these toys for her to choose from . It worked !! Not only did she potty train very quickly , but she had a whole city of playmobil to build and use her imagination ! At age 5 , she had not outgrown any of the playmobil . Great purchase , and I think it will last for many years to come !
 This is another fun toy from Playmobil . Great addition to add to a larger set . Love the little rabbits and the veggie basket . Bought this for my four year old and she loves it and so do my older children too . Only negative is if your child accidentally pushes the cages doors in instead of out , it takes a bit to work them back out again but nothing broke while prying it back out .
 My daughter just turned six . When she saw this set in the toy store this was the first playmobil set she ever showed any interest in . She usually goes more for Littlest Pet Shop type toys . She loves this toy . It has been great as she and her brother engage in creative play together with their respective playmobil sets . I feel better buying her toys like these because I think they will have more play value than many other toys on the market .
 I 've always loved miniatures and had bought this and the bird feeder set . These are quality toys and well last a long time . Whether you 're buying this for a child or an adult they well be very pleased and delighted at receiving such a fun toy.I hope to add more to my collection . And when my niece is older I well surely be buying these for her as well.I gave it three stars because it does not have much in the set . I was a little disappointed that there were n't more vegetables or a food bowl . But over all it 's delightful I love the little bunnies and the farmers snap on hat is a fun detail .
 We bought this item for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas . It turned out to be her favorite thing that day , and is still her favorite thing by far . She loves being able to color it and really loves having `` her own house . '' I love it 's low price for the amount of fun we 've already gotten out of it , and I like how compact it folds up for storage , though we do mostly just let her keep it out . It 's surprisingly durable and LARGE ! You really ca n't go wrong with this . I 'm sure we 'll even end up buying more of these when my second daughter gets a bit older and wants one of her own to color . Oh , and the markers that it comes with work very well to color large spaces ; perfect for the job .
 I purchased this house as a surprise for my five-year-old daughter who discovered one of these while visiting a friend . They have the discovery version which is quite nice , but this one seems way better . It is worth the extra money and once you set it up , you will see why . It 's probably about 20-30 % larger in size and the photos do NOT do it justice ! I get away with coloring the roof since my daughter is n't tall enough and it 's kept us both occupied for hours so far . What a wonderful activity to do with your children ! We printed out photographs of different animals my daughter wanted as pets and taped them inside and she also has a printed fireplace because of an idea in a previous review I read before purchasing . =-RRB- We even used some acrylic paint and glitter glue on one of the doors and it turned out lovely . The ONLY complaint I have whatsoever is that I wish there were plastic strips to cover the bottom edges of the house and the `` thresholds '' if you will as these take a bit of a beating and I taped them with packing tape just in case . It would save a lot of time . The markers that come with the house are pretty decent too.PROS : - Potentially months of colorplay with CONSTANT use-If the novelty wears off you can break it down and recycle it , or fold it and bring it out again on a rainy day-Doubles as an indoor sleep area -LRB- as all children like to sleep ANYWHERE but their own beds ! -RRB- - Children like to have ownership of something immense and what better than their very own home ? - The most independent children might still let you sit and color with them for awhile giving you plenty of talk time =-RRB- - Way cooler than a coloring book-Can use nearly any medium you please-Fabulously cost effective in comparison to a plastic playhouse that your child might be interested in for just as long or less timeCONS : - HUGE , I mean HUGE . If we did n't have a playroom downstairs , it would n't have been practical by any means-Eventually it will break , it 's cardboard-I 'd recommend reinforcements on the rough areas like the bottom edges and around the windows/doors to increase longevity but it 's a tossup because you have to color the areas first if you do n't want to waste the product
 Bought this as a birthday present for my 5-year-old daughter . It is the HIT ! She and her 9-year-old brother spend time daily decorating it . Every visitor is asked to contribute coloring a picture , or creating a drawing of their own . Her little foam sofa/sleeper fits nicely inside . Her `` loveys '' all camp out in it . The kids love peeking in/out of the windows . The cats come to visit , waltzing in one door and out the other . It collapses easily for moving . Spent the first week down in the living room , now moved upstairs to game room . Recommendation to reinforce bottom strip with packing tape is a good one , it 's gon na get a lot of love . It does take a chunk of space , and is totally worth it . We 've done the shipping box playhouse , too . However , big boxes are n't always so easy to locate and/or get home . This one ships compactly , assembles easily , and has been a ton of fun ! A big hit all around !
 alot of house for the money.high quality cardboard . everyone loved there house.except the parents , these do take up alot of room.will keep kids busy for hours.the markers that come with are not the best.well done product
 We love this toy ! It 's very sturdy for cardboard , and brings endless amounts of playtime and imagination for my daughter and her friends . She is 3 , but I wish I bought this earlier , because it could be a great toy starting at age 2 . Earlier than that , I think she would have but too rough on it . It allows her to play `` mailman '' with the mail slot , and she just loves drawing in all the coloring areas . A great toy overall . I do suggest if you want to save $ $ , to just get an large cardboard box -LRB- left over refrigerator box from Big Box Store -RRB- and just cut out and create your very own house . they would n't know the difference !
 My then 3.5 & 1.5 year-old boys played with this house for MANY hours for about a year before I finally disassembled it.It stood up to some pretty rough playing with multiple 4-yr-olds pulling it in different directions . But after about a year , it began to tear.I plan to buy another one . Definitely worth every penny !
 this toy is resonably easy to put together . nice large size . really cute afer coloring . fun to play with . however , not enough markers supplied to color with and will need to purchase extra .
 I ordered this house as a party activity for my daughter 's 2nd birthday . She had an art themed party . The kids -LRB- especially the girls -RRB- loved coloring this ! My daughter loved it after in her room as well . The only down side is that it 's dark inside and it is n't very sturdy with active use -LRB- it is cardboard , after all -RRB- . It was worth the purchase for the use I had intended . I would recommend it !
 This house not only promotes creativity but also promotes imagination . How much more can you ask for than a durable cardboard house that my little 3 year old daughter keeps all of her stuffed animals and my husband and I could even sit in the house and play make believe with her . I highly recommend this house for those rainy/snowy days . We 're afraid to take it down because she will truly miss it .
 I bought this exact same cardboard house for $ 20 last year & it was worth that price . It arrived folded up & took me about 15 min . to follow directions & assemble it . It 's larger than I expected , which was a pleasant surprise . I originally was going to put it in the child 's bedroom but it did n't fit with the bed in the way . So I had to put it in our finished basement/gameroom . Still , it was quite popular for about 6 months . Several children ages 3 through 14 loved coloring it , laughing & playing & little ones ages 3 through 6 loved walking in & out the doors , peeking out through the windows , putting papers `` mail '' through the mail slots next to the doors , sitting & lying down inside it . The house can fit 4 little kids standing or 2 older kids sitting down . Even I can crawl inside & sit down -LRB- & sort of lie down -RRB- -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- . You will need to buy at least 20 good quality markers . We had large Crayola markers that worked well . In retrospect , construction paper or paint should have been used to paint the roof
 This product is great and surprisingly durable considering that it is made from cardboard . My sister-in-law had one and bought one for our house , so that 's two playhouses that have survived a total of 5 kids playing with/in/on them . Our two girls -LRB- 2 and 5 -RRB- love it - they enjoying playing house with it as much as they enjoy coloring on it . very easy to put together too . do n't know about storing it yet - we have n't been able to convince the kids to put it away . it does take up a LOT of room , but that makes it more fun to play in .
 This was a wonderful product ! Easy to assemble , sturdy construction , good size , providing hours of coloring entertainment . It comes with everything needed for hours of coloring fun . Big enough for children to use as a portable playhouse !!!! Comes with felt tip markers but using tempura paints works well , too.A great product at a great price .
 This is a fantastic idea ! Kids love playing in forts , houses , etc that are all their own . This combines that love with the love of coloring that most children have . It makes for a great activity for a party or sleepover too ! The playhouse is solidly constructed and pretty durable . I highly recommend it !
 The kids loved it and spent many days coloring it all over . My son took naps in it and wanted to sleep all night in it . They really got a kick out of helping build their own house . Quite a cool thing , Bravofun ! arranged for fast shipping .
 My daughter loves this . We 'll sit inside together , because it is so big , and draw furnature on the inside . Her eyes lit up when she saw this . I recommend this because it is a good price compared to the plastic little tikes houses ranging from 300-400 some odd dollars . It wo n't last forever being that it is cardboard but so far I have gotten more than my moneys out of it .
 I bought this for my 4 yr old neice at Christmas . When my brother 's family finished building their house , they moved out and my mom threw this toy away because it took up a lot of room in her living room . She did n't want to try tearing it down . My 8 yr old nephew told me he missed having it and I bought him another one to keep at grandma 's house.This time we put it in the basement on a piece of scrap carpet . The kids spent the entire weekend playing and dragging a lot of toys in their fort . I called home last night and the kids were visiting again and I could hear them screaming and having fun in the background.When we put it together , my boyfriend who is 6 ' 3 '' was immediately pulled into the house to play with the kids . It held him , two kids and our medium sized dog comfortably . There was probably enough room for them to have another child in the fort with them.I have no doubt in my mind that after a few months of them playing rough the doors and windows will get ripped but that 's nothing packing tape ca n't fix . The first one we had , we spent a lot of time coloring . I imagine they 'll color this one too , but they were more interested in having a fort .
 This toy was purchased for a party with several kids from 2 to 12 years old . They all loved it ! Not only did it last through heavy use at the party , but it still lives in a little girls room . Well loved !
 This house was perfect for my daughter 's christening , which was held in a hotel ballroom . The kids were thrilled when they saw it and it kept them occupied for the entire party . Parents were asking where I bought it and commenting on what a good idea it was to have . The only downfall is , the kids tore it apart by the end of the party - it was in pieces all over the place , as well as the markers .
 My daughter wanted this house for her birthday . We got it for her 9th birthday , she absolutly loves it . It 's big , with windows , doors and even mail opening . A lot of space to draw on it . My daughter can easily fit in there with her 11 year old brother.You can even draw the inside of it before all the space is taken : -RRB-
 My 2 year old and my 4 year old love their new playhouse . I was surprised at the size . It was much bigger than I expected , but that gives them both more room to play in it together . It was very easy to assemble and to disassemble when we needed to move it to another room .
 We had 10 kids over for my daughter 's second birthday party , and you would barely know there were kids there ! They were entertained for over three hours going in and out of the house and coloring the whole time . It was perfect . They did n't even want to leave the house for cake ! It does n't last forever , ebcause it is cardboard . But at $ 20 , it 's not like you expect it to either . And we used crayons instead of markers for the younger kids , but it was amazing and we 're already planning to buy another for next year !
 This is a terrific playhouse for my children . It is durable enough to withstand my two girls , and that is saying something . I let the girls decorate the inside however they wanted , but I used watercolors and painted the outside to look like a cute little cottage . It folds up which is very practical as we do n't always want a giant house in the den . It is very roomy . I can get in it with both a 5 year old and a 11/2 year old . Overall a great buy !!
 We purchased this for our daughter for Christmas . It 's a very fun , affordable house -LRB- got free shipping through Target -RRB- , but beware of the size . The box in which it was delivered was fairy small , but when we set it up , it was larger than the plastic playhouse we have outside !! The kids love coloring it and peeking out the windows and doors . Since it is cardboard , I do n't expect it to last forever , but when it 's ready to go , we can recycle it !
 My 2 yr . old son , just loves his house ! He wanted to bring the outdoor one in on a rainy day once , so when I saw this collapsable one I was thrilled ! I was convinced that for the money it would fall apart in a couple of days . It has n't ! It 's extremely sturdy and easy to relocate . When this one finally does see its day , I will be purchasing another one !
 Well , did n't we all -LRB- adults included -RRB- just love this little house . It should be noted that it 's only made of a somewhat ???????? okay cardboard , but since it 's so reasonably priced , what more can you ask for . We all had fun coloring the house , but we never got to finish , as you will need a A LOT -LRB- and I mean A LOT -RRB- of thick tipped markers . But it was still fun being creative with our colors and pictures and stickers that we added to it . My 2 granddaughters put their light-up pillows , blankets and dolls in the house , and we did delivery `` pizza '' and mail at their -LRB- 2 -RRB- doors , and mailbox . Even grandpa had to go sit in it and play for a while . Also , it takes up about ? 4 feet by 3 feet ? , and about 5 feet high . Since my granddaughters are 4 and 6 and very active and rough at times , the thing they loved best , after 1 week , was to jump on it and all over it . LOL So it only lasted -LRB- for them -RRB- for a week . But that 's okay , as I have another one as a back-up that I will give them in about another year or two , when they calm down a bit -LRB- I hope -RRB- . ;-RRB- All in all , I , and they , were very happy with this purchase .
 I gave this to my 4 year old niece for Christmas and she loves it . My niece stays at her grandmother 's house one night a week and has been coloring her cottage every week since Christmas . She loves it . Grandma -LRB- my mother -RRB- also helps color . The family dog has run in and out of the cottage a few times too . The Cottage is still in pretty good shape .
 This cottage was just purchased as a Christmas gift for a 5 year old girl that loves make believe and coloring . This was such a big hit that her cousins joined her in coloring the cottage and they ignored all their other gifts for hours . I also really like that this cottage is MADE IN THE USA . I wish Amazon would add the origin of manufacturer for all items .
 This is better than a refrigerator box by far . My daughter is 1-years-old and is not yet ready for that leap of imagination , but is ready to do a little imaginative play . I put her little kitchen unit in there with some pillows and things . She loves to play in there with her friends during play dates and they get giddy popping their heads out of the doors , windows , and surprising each other . We 're a little rough on it . I 've duct-taped it vulnerable areas with pretty-colored duct tape , it was a bit dark inside , so I put some LED fairy lights in it , and I 've made some other modifications ... skylight , keyhole for pretending to unlock the door , shutter tiebacks with ribbon ... what 's really nice ? You can do that with this . It 's cardboard . You can do anything to it you can imagine ! It has been stickered , colored , fallen on and it is incredibly fun . For the price ? You can not beat this as a fantastic foray into imaginative play .
 This is a fabulous toy . Our kids had weeks of fun decorating their house , and months later they 're still playing inside . At the price , how can you go wrong ? It 's a creative opportunity , for decorating and for dramatic play . It 's made of cardboard , so you can recycle it when the time comes . It 's said to be made in the USA.This is a far better choice than a plastic toy molded in China with no educational value , and destined to become a dust collector in your house in no-time , or worse , in a landfill somewhere.Best value and best toy we 've seen in a long time . Highly recommended .
 Bought this for a birthday party . Kids loved coloring it and playing in it . You do n't have to worry about it collapsing like the wire ones . It is big though . Too big to keep out all of the time . So it has been in the garage for about a year . Hope to take it out again at some point .
 I bought this for all the kids to color and decorate for my daughter 's 3rd birthday party . Even the adults could sign it a leave a birthday wish for her .
 The cardboard playhouse was a great hit with our five year old granddaughter . She solicited help from all the adults and her fourteen year old cousin . Decorating it provided many hours entertainment and provided a place to read a book or play games with her friends . The house folds easily for storage or transport .
 This house was much bigger than I thought it was . I have two granddaughters -LRB- ages 17 months and 2 and one half -RRB- . They absolutely loved it . We had so much fun drawing and coloring and making new things inside the house . What a wonderful idea ! The designs are adorable and it exceeded my expectations .
 Santa got this for us last Christmas and it 's been tucked in a closet for a year -LRB- my then 7 year old daughter did n't seem interested -RRB- until took it out yesterday a year later . Wow . We are having a blast . It took 2 minutes to set up and is adorable . We are coloring it in and also using it as a `` fort '' . It has 2 mailboxes - one on each side - which turned into a 2 hour session of writing letters to each other and `` mailing '' them through the mail slots . We watched a movie in it last night . When you put it together -LRB- so easy -RRB- you use 2 slots on the top of the roof but if you 're messy with that , you can hide it with 2 cute little `` chimneys '' you plunk on top of the roof . OMG . I love this thing . This product would be GREAT for a playdate . Toss in children and crayons and everyone 's happy .
 This was a gift but i looked it up online before we opened the box to get an idea of what we were in for . It is bigger than I expected-i think we could almost fit a toddler bed in it ! My daughter is stoked on it and we are happy with it to-the fact it folds up quite small for storage makes this house fantastic and easy to move from one room to another . My daughter will be 3 in two months and she is enjoying coloring it and playing pretend inside-she has especially enjoyed putting mail thru the two mail slots . pretty fun and i 'd recommend it !
 We had an earlier cardboard playhouse . But with two new grand daughters , I needed a new one . The price & style were great . It arrived in perfect condition . It was easy to put together . MY WRONG , IT WAS MUCH BIGGER , then the old one . I need to read the descriptions more closely . It 's a fine playhouse . I love the two doors .
 I gave this as a present to two sisters aged 2 and 4 and they had so much fun colouring it in and using it for endless hours of creative play . A great toy in the winter when it 's harder to get out and about .
 My 3 year old granddaughter has really enjoyed playing with her new `` clubhouse '' . It provided many hours of entertainment just to color it . We used it as a prop for her birthday party . It was durable enough to withstand 13 kids going in and out of it . Big enough inside for about 3-4 kids at a time comfortably and is big enough for adults , too . Very good product for the price .
 Santa has yet to deliver it to the kids but the packaging was very sturdy and it arrived quickly . We ca n't wait to get it set up .2 / 27/10 -- easy easy easy to set up and kids are still loving it unlike the other things santa got that have ended up on a shelf .
 You can get it at bed , bath , and beyond for 19.99 ! If you get their coupon in the mail it is even cheaper !
 My daughter got one of these with a Halloween theme from her grandmother . She went to Wal-Mart and only paid $ 5 .
 I think the people a couple reviews down are confusing this playouse with something else.I gave this very same playhouse to my niece , Amanda , 2 years ago -LRB- she was 3 -RRB- and she still plays with it ! Am buying another one to keep at my house for when she comes over.It has held up through tons of sleepovers , `` tea parties '' and decorating . It 's still one of her favorite toys .
 MyVeryOwnHouse is NOT the same playhouse sold at WalMart or Target ! MyVeryOwnHouse -LRB- MVOH -RRB- is MADE in USA ; others are made in CHINA . MVOH is single piece construction with FACTORY GLUED CORNERS , verses six separate panels and 17 tabs . MVOH is almost double the size ! 14 square foot of floor space verses 7.65 . Big enough for 1 adult and three children to comfortably play / color inside ! Heavier gauge cardboard , more coloring area and NO SHARP TABS or ROOF OVERHANG , -LRB- which stick out right at a child 's face height -RRB- . MVOH includes 8 JUMBO markers , verses 5 . MVOH has been tested and certified as a safe toy for children as per the ASTM -LRB- US -RRB- , CHPA -LRB- Canada -RRB- and CE -LRB- European Union -RRB- regulations . MVOH is 97 % pre-assembled , simply expand it like an accordion , flip up the ATTACHED roof halves for play or do the reverse to fold flat for storage -LRB- and the directions are printed on the playhouse with pictures so they never get lost ! -RRB- MyVeryOwnHouse is the Best ! A High Quality cardboard playhouse at an exceptionally great value !!!
 BEST PRESENT YOU CAN GIVE A KID.Keeps them busy for hours!Kids love it because they can take their sleeping bags , stuffed animals , small tables & chairs , toys and favorite adult inside.It sets up in minutes -LRB- and I mean 5 minutes , not 95 minutes ! -RRB- . DO N'T CONFUSE THIS WITH THE OTHERS ! It 's nothing like the cheapo ones that are dangerous -LRB- lots of sharp corners and tabs that stick out -RRB- , really small , assembly is a nightmare.Plus selfishly , it 's fun being the one that gives the `` FAVORITE '' gift . : -RRB-
 First , the not so great : LOL - okay , so I read in some of the reviews that this thing is big , but I thought , `` It could n't be that big . `` Um ... I was wrong . This house is huge ! First and foremost , make sure you 've got room for it . My daughter is a tall 2-year-old . It could fit six 2-year-olds with room leftover . It takes up a ton of space . And , since it 's cardboard , it 's not feasable to keep it outside.In addition , like some of the other reviewers , I did need to use some packing tape on the roof to keep it closed and stable . Since I had to do that , the fact that you can collapse and store it becomes a moot point . I 'd have to remove all the packing tape each time.The markers that come with the box dry out really quick.Finally , the shipping seems expensive until you note the size and the weight of the box.Now , the great things about it : The quality of the house is amazing . This is durable , cute and my daughter loves it . It seems like it will stand up to a lot of play.The illustrations are adorable and begging to be colored . When my daughter realized she could color her house , her face lit up.It 's easy to put together . If you can put together a gift box , you can do this . It took me about 5 minutes flat to put it together and that was with my daughter insisting on helping!All in all , a really nice play house . Just make sure you 've got the room for it !
 As a parent , the thing I like most about this house is the ease of assembly and disassembly , and the small amount of space that it takes up when it is folded down . A frequent problem with large toys like this is that they are great fun at first , but eventually the child loses interest and you then have a lot of floorspace devoted to something that is not being played with . My 5 year old daughter got this house for Christmas and loved it , but sure enough after a week she was not quite so excited with it . I found it very easy to fold it down and put it away , and it occupies very little space when folded . -LRB- I measured the dimensions when folded to be 35 inches by 20 inches by 4 inches -RRB- . Now that we have been having 1 or 2 snow days every week , I have been bringing the house back out for snow days and then putting it away again . Of course when the house has been away for a few days my daughter gets excited with it when I bring it out again and it has been very helpful in occupying those interminable snow days.A playhouse is always fun for children , but the really nice thing about this one is that it is meant to be colored and drawn on . Both my 5 year old and 10 year old daughters enjoy using the supplied markers -LRB- as well as crayons -RRB- to decorate the house -LRB- inside and outside -RRB- . And there is so much space to decorate that they will probably never be finished . They also enjoy decorating the inside by taping up pictures that they have created themselves or printed out -LRB- my 10-year old wanted a fireplace so she found a picture of one on the internet , printed it out and taped it to the inside of the house -RRB- . I feel a little guilty about subtracting one star for durability , as this house is cardboard , after all . Overall it holds up very well to the repeated assembly and disassembly , but is prone to some minor rips and frays . This is not really a problem as packaging tape can easily be used when necessary to fix these issues.One thing I strongly recommend is to follow the suggestion in the instructions to apply packaging tape around the entire base of the house before using it for the first time . This really does improve the durability of the most vulnerable part of the structure.All in all , highly recommended .
 Love it , easy to assemble . This is a great toy - it keeps my two daughters busy for hours ! They color on it & love it , they play house with their dolls in it & have picnics with it . I have just purchased my third one , my friends kids come over to play & rave about it . Now it 's one of my standard gifts to give !
 I recommended this to my mother-in-law to give to my 7 year old -LRB- who ca n't get enough to color -RRB- and she loves it.It 's big , easy to put together and the price is reasonable.But it is made of cardboard , and therefore not meant to be durable . I secured the roofjoint with clear packing tape.After coloring it for a while , my daughter said to her sister `` Let 's play pioneers ! `` She turned off the lights , grabbed a flashlight -LRB- in lieu of a candle -RRB- , put on a little bonnet and they went inside to `` churn butter . `` So no need to be concerned about taking away any imagination from your child -- go ahead and put the plain brown refrigerator box out to the curb for recycling and get this instead -- it 's much nicer looking as well .
 Unlike many reviewers , I actually bought THIS house * at * Amazon and I want to say that this product is fantastic . Is it very durable ? It is cardboard ! Is it prettier than an appliance box ? Yes ! We spent the last week as a family painting and markering all over this house for our two year old niece for Christmas . We used watercolor paints to put soft washes of color all over and used the markers that come with the house to fill in . The markers are FABULOUS . They lasted for the entire project , they colored upside down -LRB- unlike Sharpies -RRB- and the color was BRILLIANT . They look cheap but they are the best markers I have ever seen . The house looks stunning and quite professional . It will be be given with much more love and care than any plastic house will ever have . It is a wonderful size with 20 sqft footprint . Just big enough for a kitchen and table and chairs - or a whole nursery of babies . The cardboard is bright white without a glossy finish so paints soak in nicely . We thought the addition of contact paper to the inside would be lovely . The tabs on the roof are a bit frustrating and that is my only complaint . This would last a nice long while if placed somewhere and left and NOT repeatedly folded and put away . With a reinforcement of clear packing tape along the roof line - there is no reason it could not last a nice long while -LRB- unless your kid is destructive - again , it is a cardboard box -RRB- . The biggest bonus ? When the child gets tired of it , it can be burned to ash and/or composted . It is not a big plastic house that ends up in a landfill !!!!!!!!!!! If it does get torn up - it was not a $ 250 plastic house but very cheap and can be purchased again for very little money !!!!!!!!!
 I am a college freshman and my dad sent this to me as a joke for finals week . It was to big to fit in my room so we left it in our halls unit and the whole hall loved it . It easily fit 2-3 college age students inside and had plenty of things to color ! Its a great purchase for all ages .
 I gave this to my 4 year old niece for her birthday and she loved it ! It was pretty easy to set up and big enough to fit about 3 adults inside . She was kept busy for hours with coloring it !
 This toy is the best money I ever spent ! It kept my 7 year old boy and 5 year old entertained for HOURS ... they colored and drew and played inside and loved every minute . It is big enough that I even let them `` camp out '' in it overnight . -LRB- Yes , it 's HUGE ... make sure you have room or be prepared to have your entire living room swallowed by the thing -RRB- . I like how big it is , though , because my son could play in and around it without ducking too much.This toy is everything a mom wants ... something that is easy to set up , does n't require a parent to be right there helping the whole time -LRB- though I had a blast coloring with them -RRB- , FUN for the kids , and fosters imaginative and creative play . It is durable and the markers that it comes with lasted my kids all day long . GET THIS and get it out on a snow day ... you will not be disappointed .
 My family loved this playhouse . It 's HUGE , so much fun to color , and always where the kids end up when friends are over . It 's pretty durable for being cardboard -LRB- unless , of course , you have a toddler and a large dog that repeatedly team up on a mission to destroy the house ! -RRB- ... but for the time we had it , it was much fun and I would recommend it to anyone with little kids .
 Bought this for my 3 year old niece . She loved being able to color it herself . Very roomy inside too . Sturdy and easy to put up .
 One of the first things opened by the 4 grandkids , ages 3 - 8 , 2 boys & 2 girls . HOURS of interest & coloring , giving the grownups time to spend together while the kids were so engaged . They even moved their play kitchen inside .
 I got this for my nieces for Christmas and it was definitely the most loved gift they 've received ! One is 6 years old and the other is 3 . The 6 year old colored on it for hours -LRB- I bought a set of dot paints and they worked wonderfully on it ! -RRB- and they both spent hours playing inside of it ! The only part that broke on theirs -LRB- after hours of playing and going in and out of the door -RRB- was the small piece of cardboard that connects the walls underneath the door . I 'd also recommend putting it on a carpeted area . My nieces played with it on the wood floor and this probably put more stress on the house since it would move around and if they leaned on the walls they would bend outward easily . It 's still in one piece though , and they 've been playing with it non-stop ! A great gift for the kids who already have it all !
 This was the main `` entertainment/activity '' gift I chose to give to my 3 and 5 year-old grandchildren on Christmas Eve . They were all excited about the house -- which I believe is a great value for the money -- but two of the eight markers had no ink in them -- blue and green simply had totally white `` wicks '' which had apparently never been dipped in their intended colors.I gave the same gift to other grandchildren and all of the markers worked perfectly , so perhaps the `` minus two '' colors package is a rarity.I was impressed that within a few hours of my reporting this to Amazon , even though it was another company advertising through Amazon , they gave me a reasonable credit for the incomplete set of pens.I 'm always happy with how well , and how quickly , Amazon does what it can to keep its customers happy .
 My kids are calling this the BEST playhouse . They have been playing in it for hours . The markers that come with it are durable , the pieces were easy to assemble . My kiddos are 8 , so I hoped they would love it and they do . Thank you !
 Me and my little girl love this house . She ran to the front door as soon as I put it up . . lol . She is 18months my wife and I had to color it . So that was some family together doing that . Quick and easy to put up . Easy to store , Durable . You will probably need to buy another box of markers if you plan on coloring the entire house like we did though . House actually nice size , I put my littly girls chair in it and piano . I still could fit in it too . My baby loves to sit in her chair and watch tv from the top window . lol . I highly recommend this product .
 This playhouse is adorable . My grandchildren ages 3 and 10 months have played for hours in it.The best part is that we can collapse it and store when not in use .
 Got this for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas and already she has played with it for hours . Very durable and so much fun to color as well . I highly recommend , very pleased !
 It does seem pretty durable , and my daughter likes to color . I like the variety of designs to color on the sides . But , do measure how big your space is before ordering . We did not realize how much space it took up ! We did use this as a house for &#34; Santa 's &#34; presents , which was a big hit .
 This child 's house is perfect . My 2 year old grand daughter loves it , and ca n't stop going in and out of the two doors.It took only two or three minutes to assemble , and I am delighted with it .
 First off , this cottage was waaaay bigger than I thought it would be . I saw the dimentions but the pictures do n't do the size justice ! My 11 , 7 , and 6 year old can all fit in it comfortably.Set up was easy and just took me a few minutes . The markers it come with work just fine . All my kids , but expecially my girls love it . It has been a house , a hospital for baby dolls and space station so far.The cardboard seems to be pretty heavy duty , not too flimsy . We 've only had it for 2 days but so far so good . And it is cardboard so I do n't expect any miracles on durability.Overall , worth the price to see the kids imaginations come to life !
 Bought for me nephew , read the reviews and was considering another playhouse , but so glad I bought this one . It was made out of very sturdy cardboard , and he LOVED !!! it . We will probably tape it to re-enforce it , but other than that it 's perfect ! It your childed was rough , I probably would n't go with cardboard , but it 's a perfect size little house for kids ! Love it !!!!!!!
 I have 2 children , for 4 and 1 years old . We can to play together for hours , in the house or painting the house . Like it so much !
 My 3rd old niece loves to decorate the house as well as play inside the house.Good value for the money .
 I was very pleased with the size of this house . I loved painting the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse theme and made it into a Mickey Mouse Schoolhouse so I can teach my nephew his ABC 's , 123 's , colors and shapes ! I painted the inside roof with stars and shapes and added touch lights . . also cut out some cardboard on the roof for more light . I added a ton of pictures for ideas . It 's a good investment . . my nephew does n't wan na leave his housey !
 This is a very cute and fun house . We bought a few for a big party for a toddler . The kids loved coloring it and running in and out . After cake though , some of the older kids destroyed one . Not a big deal . The other is still sitting outside but getting destroyed by the weather . We will probably have to throw it out soon . However , if you were able to keep it indoors -LRB- we ca n't -RRB- it could probably last a long time . I think that they are worth the purchase and super cute . We first experienced these at a baby shower and the kids played in them for hours . Could be a good alternative to a bounce house if anyone is interested . I would recommend .
 I sent this to my nephew who turned 3 yrs . old and I was told he enjoyed it tremendously .
 Santa brought this for my 5 y.o. and she loves it ... a toy she keeps going back to . And now that she allows her 8 y.o. brother to come in , they have had hours of fun painting/decorating and setting up the rules for the club house -LRB- no parents allowed -RRB- . It certainly facilitates creativity with all the coloring opp 's and writing skills , as well . It is big and it is card board , but the `` owner 's manual '' spells it out on how to make the walls a little stronger . Over all , a very great buy . It also houses a lot of her stuffed animals cutting down on some of the clutter in our -LRB- very own -RRB- house !
 Grandma got this for my 3 yr old son and he was instantly in love ! Put together in minutes , he played in it all day ! Will fold down flat again for storage and easy transport home - a big plus as we have 700 miles to go . Lots of fun details like working mail slot , dormer windows and more than big enough for an adult -LSB- my husband is 6 ' 4 '' and fit inside with our 3 yr old -RSB- and child to play side-by-side . No staples to scratch children .
 As a grandparent I purchased this for my 4 year old grandson and 16 month old granddaughter . They were visiting for a week and naturally we had two days of rain.They both had a great time with the play house . My grandson was all about coloring it and my granddaughter just wanted to stick her head in and out of the windows and door and gather all of her stuffed `` friends '' in there with her . We were surprised at just how big the house was.I do recommend as others have to tape the house once assembled . It will make it studier . We did not do that because I wanted to be able to put it away until the next trip.My daughter may very well end up getting the castle for home .
 The My Very Own House is a great toy ! I purchased it for a five year old boy and he loved it ! The whole family spent the first night coloring it together and he 's been playing in it non-stop since we set it up , he even wanted to sleep in it . The house was easy to set up and fits at least 2-3 five year old children . Education wise , the house helps him color inside the lines and learn his address . We wrote our address under the mail box on the house and he almost knows it by heart now . We also took index cards and old 1 cent stamps and have been leaving him `` mail '' addressed to him in the house 's `` mailbox '' , he gets such a kick out of that ! He likes making mail for the `` postman '' to take and he gets to practice writing his full name that way . He also enjoys shutting all the doors & windows in `` his house '' whenever we all leave our real house . This is a great toy !
 I bought this house for use during my daughter 's 5th birthday party . The kids loved it ... they colored all over it and played inside and outside the house throughout the party ... a big hit ! The little houes is pretty durable , though it was pretty much done by the end of the party . But , that was after 2.5 hours of rough play with 94/5 year olds , which was all I could have expected from it .
 Good deal for a play house . The kids can color , and you collapse this and put away . It seems bigger than I expected , you do need some inside room for this . Easy to put together .
 great for creative indoor play during the winter . send it as a gift with a bunch of craft stuff and large markers .
 I love the Nightmare Before Christmas , so when I saw this plush , I had to pick it up , along with her counterpart Jack Skellington . It is a really nice doll , but it is definately not for rough-housing children . The doll has a very big head , and the body is very small , so you ca n't really hold her body up without holding the head . Another concern is her hair . The hair is made out of yarn , and if you mess with it too much , it will unraval . Now , I 'm old enough to know how to take care of my `` toys , '' but littler kids might now know about it . There are other more durable plush dolls of Jack and Sally out there , but if you are a really careful person , these are absolutely a cute addition to any collection !
 I was looking for a Big Head Sally to go along with my Big Head Jack Skillington Plush and she 's just as cute as him . It 's a great collectible to have for those Nightmare Before Christmas Fans . I got it as quick as i ordered it.Before i knew it i had it along side my Jack . Now they 're the happiest couple .
 I love this playset . Completely worth the money . Here 's the break-down . I think the Joker is the quintessential comic book villian . He 's crazy , dangerous , and could only exist in a comic book universe . The overall look is exactly what I want in a Joker figure . A little cartoony , a little threatening , and not too over the top . This Joker , based on The Animated Series ' version is the guy that would use knock-out gas from a wind-up duck before actually shooting anybody . The cane is superb . The amount of detail on such a small accessory is great , and fits the `` perfect balance '' between style and substance for pulling off the Minimate-version of a character that Art Asylum is known for.Animated Style BatmanThis figure comes off well . I like how the cape drapes over the shoulders , but does n't really impede the movement of the arms at all . Unlike the other Batmen , this one 's cape and cowl appear to be painted a flat black , instead of the glossy soft-rubber skin.The PlaysetThe first thing I dug about the set was all the cool hiding places for Batman to lurk , and with the Joker in particular , you can use the peg holes in the feet for some cool balancing by attaching them to the base . I really feel like you can play with this set and set up some great displays as well . Besides the cool choices in colors and pieces , I also liked how the claw mechanism used ratcheted joints so you can hang Batman in the air , and the chemical vat stays balanced upright.The ease of putting it together , the functionality of it all , and the overall look and feel make this one of my favorite playsets ... well in a long time . I also have to point out that if they released Batman and Joker without the blocks , I 'd still buy this set with the blocks . Totally worth it . And I 'm one of the guys that is about basics and streamlining.In fact , I 've never felt this way before-I wish I had been a LEGO guy all my life so right now I 'd have a large cache of random LEGO pieces ... I would build the biggest , coolest , Chemical plant you 'd ever see.Ok resistors , if you 're on the fence about the whole C3 gig , then this is the set to try out . It 's a $ 10 gamble . And I know you wo n't feel ripped off.For more pictures check out http://www.millionaireplayboy.com/toys/c3mm3.php -LRB- toy review site , safe for students -RRB-
 This little set , I would way , is very nicely designed . The two most iconic Batman characters in a setting that is fun to build , and they can actually be posed in many ways that will put a smile on your face throughout the day . Although I do n't really `` play '' with toys anymore , I 'm really happy with this bit of fanboy paraphernalia : D
 I think this is a great first doll . I think they are extremely durable , and their hair is very secure in their head . Although if they `` sleep '' in the same position all the time one side of their hair will lay flat all the time , just like real bad hair days ha ha . We bought this for our daughter for xmas when she was 16 months old and she loves it . I wanted to get a more advanced doll cause I figured she 'd get bored if I got a basic one . It was a good choice . The corolle dolls are beautiful dolls , realistic , very durable , and just plain fun for the kids to play with . My daughter even colored all over her dolls face and we were able to scrub it off without the face getting harmed at all . I love how the eyes open and shut . I found that the clothes that came with the doll are n't as nice as the outfits you can buy seperately , so I 'd recommend buying an extra outfit for your doll . Plus it 'd be more fun for your kid , as I know my daughter loves to dress and undress her doll . We 've had our doll for almost a year now and our daughter still loves it . Now we just need accessories for it . We 're excited to get the doll bed and stroller that corolle also make .
 Ordered these for my toddler after he played with them at the local Children 's Museum and so glad I did . He pulls them out every day and really allow him to express his creativity . Very durable . Absolutely worth the money . Highly recommend .
 I purchased this chair after reading the reviews on this page !! It was the BEST thing I have done in a while for my soon to be 2 year old son ! The thing that makes this so wonderful to us , is he can MOVE it from room to room all by himself ! He pulls it to wherever he intends and is so proud of himself , he says `` Yeah , I did it ! '' . My son is so hard on toys -LRB- he 's a rough and tough boy ! -RRB- we were shocked this could hold up to the `` all boy test ! '' But it has for 3 weeks thus far and going steady ! I highly reccomend this chair !!
 My son received this for his 2nd birthday and he loves it . It was easy to blow up and is just the right size for him . It is bery durable , he drags it everywhere and plops down on it and we are yet to have a hole . Hte other nice thing is the paw print , he loves pushing the button to make it `` talk '' but it is not so loud that it is annoying , and it is made so that the batteries are very easy to replace . I highly reccomend this toy to any Blue fan .
 I have a 2 year old and a 3 year old who both love their silly chairs ! A great value since it is a blow up really durable too ! Cute button on the side with fun phrases . A must have for any blue 's clues house !
 I bought this chair for my two year old son . He loves it . Since he 's usually pretty rough on toys , I was afraid he might pop it , but it 's held up pretty well so far . The only problem I have found is that the air valves pop open all the time so it loses air by the end of the day . Other than that , it 's great for Blues Clues fans .
 My grand-daughter loves it , and the chair is even bigger than I expected .
 My 18 month old received the Blues Clues Talking Silly Seat for Christmas . He loves it ! He likes that he can carry it himself since it is light enough . Our older kids like it as well since it is pretty comfy . We recently had a little hole in it by a seam , but my husband was able to fix it with super glue . Otherwise it has held up well considering how much it gets tossed around ! : - -RRB-
 My son loves his chair . He sits infront of the tv and watches TV and of course Blue 's Clue . He keeps his notebook handy as well . It is the perfect size for him and he can move it around the room too to sit where he wants .
 It is very cute . My son loved it . I wish it came with a patch kit though . After 2 days I needed one . If your child isnt too rough with it , you shouldnt have a problem .
 I bought this for my son at Christmas time and he loves it . I read the reviews that said that their chair deflated and I am suprised . My son is 2 and is very rough with it and it has been very durable . Even my husband will sit in the seat and I keep telling him he is going to break it but the chair still looks brand new !
 I read the reviews prior to buying , and they were discouraging , but I bought it anyway , and I 'm glad I did . I have 2 autistic children , and one of them is 6 and weighs 60 + pounds . They are very rough on this chair it takes alot of abuse , and has continued to hold up , I have had it for almost 4 months without any problems at all I would recommend to any Blue 's Clues household .
 I bought this seat for my son who adores it !! He is only one but he loves sitting on it and he can drag it around his room . He also loves the talking play with the talking paw . Its a GREAT deal for the price and very durable . When he spills something I just wipe it right up !! The talking silly seat is the bomb !!
 My almost 2 year old received this as a gift . We blew it up and by the next morning it was deflated . So we exchanged it , and so far it 's holding up . It 's only been about a month , so who knows . Anyways , my son likes it a lot and he drags it all over the house . The button with the silly voices is only slightly annoying and is n't very loud -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . It says about 4 quick phrases . It 's a bit on the pricey side if you ask me , but makes a comfy seat for a toddler .
 From a mom who picks up toys daily one of the hardest things to do is buy your child another toy and see the mounting pile and have a hard time getting rid of any of them since they are all favorites . After our first child had this chair and after a few months of use it did deflate but we had a `` bye bye chair '' event and got to pitch it with no tears . It was a toy that came into our lives and brought joy to our daughter and was easily disposed of when it broke . Yeah it was pricey to toss but after nine years of saving all their `` favorite '' toys it was a guilty pleasure to toss a toy .
 These are great toys ! I got a squid with 5 cargo space and 5 masts 2s2s2s2s2s ! These are the best !
 I got these as part of an outfit for a night out ... because -LRB- a -RRB- the outfit didnt come with a pair , -LRB- b -RRB- I didnt want cheap , flimsy looking cuffs and -LRB- c -RRB- there will likely be copious amounts of alcohol involved and I didnt want to spend the next couple of days freeing myself cos I lost the keys ... :--RRB- No the easily escape and realistic look sold me on these cuffs.They not only look like real cuffs they are heavy like real cuffs and work wonderfully , theres a key you could use or by flicking a little switch on the cuffs that will lock / unlock the cuff ratchet mechanism and easily slip your hand out by pressing a little lever at the cuff base -LRB- by the chain connecting the two cuffs together -RRB- . Overall I like them and might keep them after the outfit 's been used . Could always decorate them with a little furry padding for other nights I guess ... : - -RRB-
 These handcuffs were a present for my 5 year old son who wanted `` real handcuffs '' . He got them . These are sturdy , easy to use , great quality and I love the fact that you do n't need the keys -LRB- which might already be lost ! -RRB- to open them bc they have the button right on them . I would recommend them . We received them right away.The only issue we had was that the handcuff packaging was opened when we received them . I ordered 2 and both were already opened . It was n't a big deal bc we would have opened them anyway , but that was odd . They were still in good condition , so there was n't a problem with giving them as a present to our own son . Had we been giving them as a gift , that would have been a different story . The outside packaging was secure .
 Not a lot to say about these things
 My grandson has gotten hours and hours of fun from these toy handcuffs . They have a very simple escape button and are very durable !
 These things do look pretty real . If you are just getting these for fun or even for magic escapes , they 're perfect . Most people would not be able to tell that these are not real cuffs . Because keep in mind most people have never actually been handcuffed .
 Perfect for what I needed it for
 On one hand , it seems a little silly to make a big deal about the quality of novelty handcuffs . After all , for just about twice the price , you could buy a set ofreal police handcuffsand not have any gripes about build quality or materials . On the other hand , I suppose there are legitimate reasons to purchase a well-made set of toy cuffs -- the external release lever being one of them . In my case , I 'm looking for close replicas of a pair of handcuffs used ina certain moviefor costuming purposes . -LRB- Yes , they used novelty cuffs instead of real ones , probably for budgetary reasons , which makes the line `` The chain in those handcuffs is high-tensile steel ... '' slightly amusing . -RRB- In the early 1980s I purchased a set of metal toy cuffs from the Johnson Smith catalog and despite the `` novelty '' appellation , they were sturdy and well-made . Recently I bought a set of cuffs bySchyllingand a set byRothco . Both were made in China , and both were utter disappointments . This set , by Loftus -LRB- made in Taiwan -RRB- , is on par with my original toy cuffs . The single and double bars are solid -LRB- not stamped and folded -RRB- , and the bodies line up well . One single bar has a stamped six-digit -LRB- probably fake -RRB- serial number . The chain links are not welded but they 're plenty thick ; it would take some serious strength to pull them apart . The release lever is helpful for performing incredible magic escapes , or just for opening the cuffs when you 've lost the key -LRB- or your big brother wo n't give them back -RRB- . All in all , this is the best set of novelty/magic/toy handcuffs I have seen in years , and well worth the price .
 Get one now.I have been using Wiha tools for a while , but they simply do not compare to the Thorp driver.It seems that the Wiha 's in this size strip rather easily as I have gone through three of them in the last year . If you examine the machining on the different drivers , the Thorp looks sharp and precision ground . I have even been able to remove some rounded out screws that did n't stand a chance with the Wiha.This tool would have saved me a lot of headache had I just sucked up the slightly higher price in the beginning .
 These have hardened steel and never round out . The metal would break long before that happens . It 's very strong and has n't bent . I will never buy the ` cheap ' hex wrenches again since I found thorp/mips
 MIP 's drivers are awesome . Well worth a few extra dollars and I can get rid of my Allen key graveyard .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . The shipping time was very quick and the packaging of the board game was very proffesional . Thanks a million . My wife is very happy
 I love this game in general , but it 's much more fun with the Looney Tunes cast . Great collector item as well .
 My 2 year old has n't shown much interest in the new blues Clues show where Blue talks but he loves the animated show . Still , this was among his favorite Christmas presents this year . He has a very strong vocabulary so far and Blue is helping him learn some new words and phrases.It 's a very fun toy that he can pick up and use on his own that does n't require any set-up or assistance from mom & Dad . Well worth the money . Seems to be fairly durable so far .
 We have 18 month old twin boys . One very active , the other a bit more laid back - but both love ALL the Blue 's Clues versions of the show -LRB- the old and the new -RRB- . After their recent 18 month check up , and finding out that by the time they turn 2 years old , they should be able to say at least 20 words.One twin says 2-4 words , the other 4-6 words . . so I thought this fun SOFT toy might help them along . -LRB- certainly could n't hurt -RRB- The one that twin that says two words , is now seriously trying to communicate back each time Blue says something . The other loves to carry Blue around and likes to dance around with it with music from their favorite show.This toy has very soft fur , is huggable , has floppy ears , arms and legs , and a cute little tail -LRB- small area of the upper chest is firm but does not interfere with their fun at all -RRB- It is great for them to carry about , and easy for them to learn to use . It measures from HEAD to HEAL about 10.5 inches and really looks alot like the NEW Talking Blues Clues dog and sounds just like her too.I also bought the New Talking Blues Clues Clip little stuffed plush -LRB- about 3 inches -RRB- that says 6 phrases that they seem to like as well , also found at Toys R Us.Now they 're talking !
 My 20 month old son loves this toy . He takes Blue with him everywhere . The only complaint I have is that I find the talking to be a little annoying , as they did n't record actual phrases , just individual words which they string together into different phrases , leaving it sounding choppy and unnatural . My son does n't mind , however . I was a little concerned that the battery compartment might make it too hard for him to sleep with , but that has not been a problem at all . Overall , I would definitely recommend this toy if you have a Blues Clues fan at home !
 I ordered this product for my daughters 1st birthday . She loves to squeeze Blue 's paw and hear her talk . Poor Blue gets a heavy workout . I like that her voice is loud and articulate . Would purchase again as a gift or replacement . We already have Boogie Woogie Jukebox and love it too . Now I 'm going to order the Doodle Board since he 's my favorite . Doodle , Doodle , Doodle !
 My daughter loves watching Blue so when I gave her this life-like version of him for her birthday she nearly passed out with excitement . He 's very soft and when you squeeze his hand he speaks very clearly with Blue 's voice . I only wish his middle were n't so hard , but I do n't suppose there 's anyway to avoid this and have him be a talking doll .
 This might be my favorite Blue 's Clues Toy ever ! The material feels just like what Blue on Blue 's Room would feels like.I really like all the things she says , especialy the questions she asks .
 This `` So Much To Say Blue '' is a fun toy , but the picture is deceiveing . From the picture it looks like blue is made from a smooth type material , but really she 's made out of a more fuzzy material . I was hoping that she 'd be fuzzy , since I had seen pictures on other sights , and luckily she was . But for other people who want a blue that is made out of smoother cottony material , the picture is very deceiving .
 my daughter recieved this toy for chriatmas , she also recieved the bedtime blue , this is by far her favorite . she loves it when blue `` talks to her '' blue asks questions . it 's really a cute and wonderful toy , especially for toddlers who are learning how to respond to questions and hold conversations .
 I usually do n't write reviews , but I ca n't tell you what a perfect gift this was for our 2 year old son . We got him this blue doll for his 2nd birthday . It has been by his side ever since and that was 8 months ago ! He is so distraught if we can not find her . He is n't even so much worried about hearing her talk , she is just so soft and he has to have her for bed time , naps , and just sitting on the couch playing . I ca n't imagine what we would do if we lost her . She 's as important to him as his blankie is ! He used to watch the show a lot around the time he turned 2 . He does n't watch it much anymore as he is hooked on Clifford these days , but he still has Blue in hand. : - -RRB-
 I was looking for this clown prop for months . From what I heard the company that made this prop went out of business last year . But I found a website that had 1 left . I just wanted to say that this clown prop is very scary.overall . outstanding prop if I could I would give it 10 stars !!!
 This clown is so freakin ' creepy , definitely an asset to a haunted house or a circus-themed Halloween Party . When we set it up , we kept it in our living room until our Halloween Party . It made me jump EVERY SINGLE DAY since it 's so tall and lifelike and creepy . We stuffed it with newspaper to fill out the clown jumper , but it will affect the movement if you do this .
 A must for for clown lovers and haunted house fans . This clown is very creepy and its very scary and its about 6 foot tall and its moves his body and pretends to use the knife when hes on and whole by moving his hand and plays scary circus music and laughs evil . The clown looks very real and it looks like a zombie clown . It takes about 15 minutes to set it up .
 They got them last Christmas and they still play with them . That is saying something with my kids .
 Very happy with these sturdy shapes . Appealing colors and just the right size for a young child to hold . My seven year old grandson noticed right away that he can use them to trace with also . I like that you do n't need a needle . Only wonder why there are 2 less shoelace type yarns than shapes ? Oh yes . Product is made in the U.S.A.
 Lacing cards are a truly wonderful investment . They 're very good for using your mind , imagination , and fine motor skills . These cards are very durable , and there are several different shapes to choose from . Excellent purchase , with a very prompt delivery .
 I love the versatility of this product ; lacing can be done in different ways and I 've seen an improvement in my 2 year olds motor skills and my 4 years olds cognitive/imagination -LRB- ? -RRB- in figuring out different patterns to lace . They also love that they can be traced . It 's durability overall is good , I rated it 4 stars simply because they 're not waterproof -LRB- product does n't state that anyhow -RRB- . I 'm thinking about getting a few for friends who have been looking for lacing toys .
 Although the girls are barely 21/2 yrs and this item needs supervision , they love to sew when we pull it out for them to play with . You can watch their eye/hand coordination and finger dexterity progression .
 My son who is 31/2 years old has autism and has had issues with his fine motor skills . This product has already made a profound impact on his development .
 I took these on a flight to keep the little one engaged . They were easy to pack , quiet and entertaining .
 Got this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas ! great quality ! Easy to use and as a preschool teacher I know this item to be important to early reading development ! Would buy again !
 My three year old loves these . Great strings and sturdy cardboard . Easily used for tracing simple shapes as well as lacing .
 The only thing wrong about my experience with this product is that I only bought one of them . Perfect for the kid who ca n't keep his hands off his cards . Very durable , reasonably priced , excellent product .
 The item is great ! had trouble with the seller . Did not mail item when they said they did . I emailed them twice and they never responded . The item eventually came . They never responded ! Would not do business with them again !
 This case has got to be one of the toughest ever ! I actually utilize it for my yugioh cards . Holds about 80 of them in sleeves .
 I got this for my son at Christmas . He likes it , especially since it resembles a Pokeball . It is smaller than I expected , but very cute and holds quite a few cards . I plan to order another so that he can store the rest of his 100 + cards .
 My 5 year old daughter received this puppet kit and absolutely loves it ! It is so easy to sew with the plastic needles that even my 3 year old son -LRB- who gets very easily frustrated -RRB- does great with it ! I am buying another set today for my 3 year old niece .
 I have 3 kids , ages 3 . 7 and 8 . This kit was fun for ALL of them ! The needles are easy to use and safe , we had so much fun , even I made a puppet , and then they had hours of fun playing with them ! I highly recommend this kit . I used a hot glue gun to make putting the faces on a little easier .
 My grandaughter -LRB- age 5 -RRB- has asked me to teach her to sew . This is the perfect teaching toy . It 's easy and she loves making different characters . She can sew , cut out ears , eyes and different shapes to glue onto the puppets . All of the puppets are precut and the holes are stamped out to sew . The needles are blunt . This is a toy that keeps a child 's creative juices flowing and also teaches skills of sewing , cutting , gluing and using your imagination . I highly recommend this for boys or girls .
 My almost-five-year-old daughter got this as a present and we both love it . I 've been trying to teach her how to sew , but she 's intimidated by the pointiness of regular sewing needles . These plastic needles are big for little hands , and have a friendly little ball at the end so they 're not scary . It is hard to thread the yarn through the needle ; a threading tool would have been helpful . My daughter was able to sew the puppet herself while I held the felt -LRB- I had to hold it tightly together for her to get the needle through both layers -RRB- , and she was super proud of her progress
 My 6 year old granddaughter has had a great time with this inexpensive gift . She and her friends made the puppets , and continue to play with them . She jas develped an interest in learning to sew , and this set was easy to use .
 Love it ! Both of my boys used it at different times over the Halloween weekend for different parties . The kids loved it ! The teachers loved it ! We loved it ! And it is still getting worn !
 Purdue Boilermakers NCAA Youth Four Piece Uniform Set -LRB- Medium -RRB- from FranklinGood product . We had a local outfit Put our Grandson 's name on the back of the jersey .
 I started years and years ago giving newborns their first musical teddy bear . When I attend a shower , this teddy bear is my first purchase if the expected baby 's sex is unknown or if the blue or pink is temp sold out . The colors of the bears are soft and true . With my very first purchase , I was amazed at the quality of the bear . Having purchased many musicals before , it far exceeded my expectations . Full , lush fur , with squeezable , soft body , that still feels strong enough to ` stand/sit up ' under playful conditions . Every single parent has remarked of its durability , first , several months to 2 years after the child has received the bear . Also , the sound of the alphabet song is loud enough to hear and understand but soft enough to encourage hugging while listening . Parents have also commented about how , long after the bear has become a full-time companion , the musical part still works as clearly and loudly as the first day . Several parents have commented their child 's first words were singing along with the bear ! I will keep buying these bears as long as I have invitations to baby showers !
 he loved it , super soft and cuddlyit was for my new grandson , his mom loved it too it made a great present
 This musical bear is the perfect topper to a baby shower gift ! I ca n't wait for my daughter to hear the little song it sings and feel how soft and well-made this bear is . Its the perfect size and super soft !
 I did not think much of it when we got it as a gift , but my son absolutely loves it . The song is played with very soft and soothing sounds and my son likes to listen to it when he is cranky . He would stop crying just to listen to the melody and sometimes we keep running the music non stop . I just wish there was a way to change the battery , as our battery must expire soon .
 Baby loves this bear . Wish the shipping was faster , but it did come the last day of the estimated arrival period . Overall a good product . Everytime the ABC song plays my son lights up . I also bought this for our friends who have a son and he loves it too !!! He crawled for the first time to get to this bear . Great Product .
 If your child loves dogs this is a must ! The large dogs head moves and there are several smaller dogs as well . It comes with everything you need to care for them including a dog house , dishes , and sausages . My child loves these and plays with them regularly . Playmobil is a toy that will be kept for the future grandchildren in your life . They are made to last !
 My 4 year kid love it , he has so much fun with playmobil , and what is even more great is teaches them to use there imagination , I 'm so happy with this purchase
 This is such a cute toy , The dog house is perfect for the dog family . The bowl and dog food , are really fun . My 4 year old son loves to play and imagine with these dogs . The only advice I would have is to have a specific container for this toy , the puppies , dog bowl , and food is really small and could easily get lost .
 This was a great game to play with my 7-yr old who was diagnosed with dyslexia this summer.The certified therapist in dyslexia recommended it .
 I love this product . I was a first time user and nobody recommended it to me . I was using it with my 3 yr . old -LRB- age at the time of purchase -RRB- and he absolutely loved it . Now that he knows what column everything goes in it is kind of boring to him . At least it helped assist in the aide of teaching his beginning blend sounds and digraphs .
 My five-year-old was fortunate enough to receive Lauri 's Crawling Critter Lacing Kit for his last birthday . After using the kit with him , I can understand why Oppenheim 's Toy Portfolio gave it a Best Toy Award . Encouraging the development of fine motor skills , eye-hand coordination , creativity , and make-believe play , this toy comes complete with 3 precut felt insect bodies ; yarn for lacing ; safe , easy to thread , plastic , ball-tipped needles ; and remnant felt for decorating . Crawling Critter is perfect for the busy parent who wants to nourish her child 's artistic talents , but lacks the time and energy to gather and purchase the necessary materials . Just add scissors , crafting glue , and your child 's imagination to make adorable , reusable puppets ! With very little mess and supervision , my son made two of the puppets on our extended road trip vacation . He spent many content hours quietly lacing and decorating his creations in the car on his lapboard . Along with the provided felt scraps , we used glitter glue , lace , buttons , and bows to embellish the puppets . The results were so great , we had several tourists ask us where we bought such `` unique puppets ! '' Unlike some art projects that are made , then quickly forgotten , stashed in a drawer somewhere , these lacing puppets will be played with long after they are created . If you have a child , like mine , who loves insects or children who are `` bugging '' you for something to do on a rainy day , this craft project is for you !
 These puppets are well designed for 5 and under to sew and create :-RRB- Nice quality designs and colors . Just a lIttle supervision required .
 I bought this for a 14 month old boy for Christmas and he loves it . Having a button for a throttle isn &#8217; t difficult for smaller kids . We made the mistake of giving this to him as one of the first gifts and he wasn &#8217; t interested in anything after that . I felt bad for the rest of the family who bought great gifts that he wasn &#8217; t interested in at all . Well , I didn &#8217; t feel that bad . : - -RRB-
 My 18 month grandson is afraid to push the button himself so we get a good work out holding the button while he rides . He is able to hold the button , but has n't figured out how to push the button and steer at the same time so he gets scared if we are n't there to help him . I 'm sure with a bit of practice he will do well . Our six month old loves to sit on the seat while we hold him up . I liked the idea that it did n't have an on/off switch , but the push button .
 The toy arrived with all the parts and was very easy to put together . My little boy absolutely loves it . The only problem was that the color of the 4 wheeler that arrived was not the same as advertised
 This product came in super fast . It was in , in time for our family christmas party . Which I did n't think it would be considering I put off buying it for so long . I gave it to my god child and he loves it . Thank you so much
 My son is a very active little boy and he love this . Very easy for him to operate and move when he gets ` stuck . ' Strongly recommend this product !
 The Lil Quad is the perfect size for my 12 month old -LRB- he is 90th percentile for height -RRB- and it seems like there is still plenty of room to grow before he would be too big for it . He rode on it a few times a week for 5 to 10 minutes and it took 3 months before I had to recharge the battery . Of course , an adult needs to be walking along side him the entire time otherwise he tries to stand up or get off while still holding the accelerate button . Overall we have been happy with it and would recommend .
 I got this for my daughters 1y birthday and it 's been a hit . She 's recently discovered buttons and working the quad 's `` Go '' button has helped with her button mastery.Now she 's starting to figure out the steering as well . Though not for object avoidance , she prefers to steer into things and run them over ; great fun for her but watch your toes!It 's also the perfect size for a 1yo , with practice she 's learned to mount and dismount it all by herself.My only complaint so far is that I wish the seat were hinged at the front . You have to open it there for charging and the seat does n't rest on top very well when not latched down . The best charging location for us is parked on top of the dryer and the seat fell back behind once when I bumped it . Lesson learned and now we keep it tucked away under the quad instead but I ca n't help thinking it would be easier if all the parts stayed attached all the time .
 This FP Lil Quad is still on my car port in great working condition , even though it was purchased about 8-9 years ago . I guess that speaks for the durability . At the time of purchase I had 2 little grandsons -LRB- 3 months apart in age -RRB- that were just about 18 months old . Well , this thing got hour after hour of use and taking turns . I kept both boys for their moms to work , and the only time this thing stopped was to be charged . They rode it for a couple of years until the 6v 2.5 mph began to bore them , and we purchased the John Deere ride-on so they both could ride at the same time and go faster -LRB- 5 mph -RRB- . Well , they loved that thing , as well , but it is now on the carport not running any more , but the Lil Quad still runs . Since that time , we have added another little grandson , who is now 4 , and he has spent plenty of time on it , as well . Even though he is now bored with the 6v 2 mph power , he still climbs on every once in awhile for a short -LRB- slow -RRB- trip on the driveway . Looks like I will be in the market for another ride on for for now 9 year old big boys , as well as the soon to be 5 . These FP Power Wheel toys are really great and provide hours of fun and entertainment for our little guys . Looks like we may be looking for another 12 volt ride on , as many of them indicate a weight limit of 130 lbs. , and that means the older boys can still ride , and the younger one can certainly manage the 5 mph faster speed and even ride with one of the bigger boys . Grandpas and dads put these things together relatively easily , but I think I could have done it also without too much difficulty . If a charger or battery goes bad , it is always easy to change that out , and the boys are ready to ride again . Have owned many FP toys through the years , and these ride-ons have always been wonderful , all the way back to the `` Big Wheel '' that my kids used to ride when they were little . A Fisher Price toy can always be purchased with confidence and their Power Wheels ride-ons are no exception to that .
 Amazon is Great ! Service is outstanding ! Got this product grandson is learning how to ride . Takes a little bit of getting used to on his part but sure he will enjoy .
 Overall this toy is awesome but my son gets bored with it . If it made some noises he might like it more . My son was 16 months when I got him this so hopefully that helps you . I like it and when my son gets on it he cracks me up because he doesnt know you need to hold the button down to make it go so he stops and goes ... stops and goes ... its funny . Like the price and its already assembled .
 quick review : He is not quite 2 years old . We `` inherited '' this toy -LRB- ours is so old it 's the LIL ' Kawasaki model -RRB- from his cousin so it 's very durable since it 's in great shape.AS FAR IT 'S EDUCATIONAL VALUE , I think it has taught him great motor skills , turning corners in our home and outside on the front porch and it 's teaching him balance and flexibility as he maneuvers in and around things.We have my son on cell phone video just after he took his first step , rolling on it at full speed while relatives took photos on their phones , and it is hilarious .
 I was supprised that my 13 month old was able to get on and off , can opperate it all by him self . We are having trouble with getting him to steer and watch were he is going instead of where he 's been . I think it is just right for the age group . He loves it . It is by far this favorite toy . It can go inside as well as out side and even through the grass .
 My son received this for his first birthday . At first he was n't completely into it but after a few days he has `` really taken off '' . My only concern is that it is rather small . My son is in the 60 to 75th percentile of kids his same age and size and I bet within 3 months he wo n't fit comfortably on it . Oh , and it does n't have a reverse button . But my husband and I enjoy pulling our son back from some blockade that he has just run into ; mostly walls . This is an entertaining gift for all .
 Hey there ! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I love this , I am a single mom and I was looking for a great gift for my baby 's first birthday and this was it , he knows how to work the button and he has a blast ! It was very affordable and I do n't know what else to say except all of his cousins are very jealous they think we paid alot but we do n't bother to tell them that it was very affordable . So I give it 5 STARS because Phoenix loves it this is the only toy he runs for at home . &#60; br / &#62; Have a great day and have fun ! &#60; br / &#62; Sheila
 We got this for the 13 month old grandson for Christmas . After 3 weeks he still has no idea how to operate it . Primarily because his 3 year old sister wo n't let him on it ! She LOVES it . It is small enough to ride in the house and powerful enough for her to ride around the property outside . It has no problem moving along loose gravel or wet grass . It is light weight enough that she can lift it on her own . The battery holds a charge for a long time . Her thumb gets tired of pushing the throttle long before the battery runs down . She is small for her age and is pushing the limit for size . She will not be able to get her legs tucked on it much longer , so maybe then her little brother will get a chance to ride it . Excellent ride-on toy !
 I love the idea and my kid absolutely loves riding it but the battery dies very quickly and takes a long time to charge . I hate the sad look on my child 's face when it 's time to charge it . Gon na have to buy a new battery so we can charge one while riding .
 i bought this for my 2 year old son and he loves it . he buzzes around the backyard and is figuring out steering . sometimes it gets stuck in ruts in the yard or he gets turned around , but he figures it out and can push it where he needs to go by himself . battery life is good and it 's easy to charge .
 We got our daughter the Dora quad for her 1st Birthday , and she is now 3 and still rides it -LRB- battery gets same use as day 1 -RRB- ! So , when our son recently turned one we got him this one and he loves it just the same ! Actually , both our kids ride this around together and it is still decent speed ! We store the charging cable under the seat so it 's never lost . . I think we will repaint the Dora one for our daughters upcoming 3rd Birthday to make her feel a little more special since it has SO MUCH MORE LIFE left in it !
 Purchasded two for our ome year old twin grandsons . They are still learning to control them , but they are enjoying the ride . Easy to assemble and seem durable . They were out of stock everywhere except Amazon . Ordered and received in less than one wee ,
 This is a great item if it is used outside ! My grandson drove this indoors and it tore up the bamboo flooring . Now it has been relegated to outdoor use only . Also , it is true to weight !!!! My grandson is close to the maximum weight recommended and almost too big for it . Luckily , he has a younger brother who will be able to use it for a while .
 This is a great toy for my grandson . He started out afraid to ride it and he just pushed it . He is having a great time riding the bike now .
 When I Bought This For My Son , He Was Probably 18 Months Old , At First He Was n't Too Interested In His Quad , But The Real Quads , He Ca n't Get Enough Of.Anyways , He Was More Excited About The Box And The Parts -LRB- He Would Not Let Me Finish Assembling It -RRB- . When It Was Put All Together We Had To Charge It Before He Could Actually Play With It , Which Did n't Bother Him At All Because He Went Straight To His Little Old Bike To Push Himself Around . Now , He 's Going On 2 Years And He Rides It Alot More Just Him And His Cat .
 I bought this for my 21/2 year old granddaughter after seeing my neighbor 's grandson riding one . Kylie loves it ! She ca n't quite steer it yet but has no trouble making it run . It 's lightweight enough for her to pick up to move if she gets stuck . I have two more grandchildren , 1 yrs . and 6 mos . and I ca n't wait until they are old enough to ride it . Extremely easy to put together , took about 10 minutes . I would definitely recommend this toy .
 My son has really enjoyed this toy that we got him for Christmas ... he is still getting used to having to press the button and hold it in order to keep moving but overall he enjoys being on it !
 My nephew was a very happy little boy when he got this gift in the mail . He rides it every day and loves it .
 I purchased this Lil ' Quad for my nephew for his first birthday . It took him a couple weeks to figure it out , but now we ca n't keep him off of it . He 's 11/2 now and has absolutely NO problem making it go . He does n't quite understand how to steer , but we 're always with him when he rides so we help -- it 's never been a problem . The battery holds up very well and is SUPER easy to charge . The power cord and battery pack all fit in the seat so nothing gets lost and the seat `` locks '' so little hands ca n't get it BUT can `` unlock '' quickly and easy with the twist of the lock button.My niece will be 1 this weekend and is getting her own for her birthday . She has been riding my nephews for about two months now . They are usually really good at sharing , but this is one toy we needed to have two of . -LRB- Yes , I got her this one ... bought some `` girly '' stickers to pretty it up because I did n't want to pay the extra $ 20 + for the Barbie quad . -RRB- I recommend getting a helmet for wearing ... it sets good habits of helmet wearing AND when going uphill or when learning kids balance is n't that great ... there is nothing on the toy that will keep them on.Also , this is definitely for a young child . My 2 year old niece tried it when we first got it and was too big . If your child is older I 'd recommend looking into something bigger as you wo n't get a lot of use out of this one . Also , when it says it goes two miles an hour , it really does go that slow ; an older child would probably not enjoy that speed very much.Be sure to check Walmart ... when I was looking for this I ran into Walmart just to check and found it for $ 58.88 ... just bought the second one there six months later for the same price.This was THE BEST first birthday present I 've ever bought . Only problem is now I do n't know how I 'll top it for the 2nd and future birthdays .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 11/2 year old grandson . He absolutely loves it . He maneuvers it around like a Pro . It is Safe , Durable , Easy to Use , and Perfect for his Age and Size . There is a Problem however , his 21/2 year old sister loves it too ! Now they are fighting over it , and I have to purchase another one to keep the peace !
 Length :
 We bought the Lil Quad for our second to youngest child who 's almost 2 . He 's kind of short , so I am sure he 'll get tons of use out of it . We bought two larger quads for his older brothers and the smaller one for him . He loves going out with the ` big boys ' . The button power on the steering wheel works out great for little hands . He has n't quit got steering down yet , but it wo n't be long before he figures it out . It was very easy to put together and a snap to charge . Its small enough for him -LRB- and our 3 year old -RRB- to use in the house . The biggest problem I am having is keeping him from pushing it . For what we paid for it , its a great buy and great introduction to battery ride-ons .
 My boys loved these . We bought them for Christmas a few years ago just after turning 1 . They rode them in the house for a while then we took them outside in the spring . They do n't go very well in the grass but I was ok with that when they were little . They quickly out grew them . I have tall boys with large feet and they could n't fit on them after reaching 21/2 . Not even a year of use . Good thing they were n't expensive .
 Our 18 mo. old Great-Grandson has n't stopped smiling since Christmas -LRB- it 's now mid - Jan. -RRB- When he gets out of bed in the morning he smiles when he sees this car ! It 's amazing how fast he knew to push the button -LRB- or not push -RRB- to make it go !! We love it and he loves it . Of course he had to have a helmet to protect his head ! It 's a strong mechanical machine and faster than you 'd think ! It 'll be great this summer outside . LOVE IT - RECOMMEND IT ! Amazon ships quickly and securely ! Best Buy on Internet !
 I bought the Power Wheels for my son for Christmas , he was a little too young -LRB- 18 months -RRB- , but now he 's 2 years old and it 's perfect for him . He knows how to ride and steer the power wheels . I 'm impressed with how long the battery charge lasts . He 's able to ride the power wheels in the grass and on the sidewalk . It 's he 's favorite riding toy by far .
 Got this for my grandson 's first birthday . He was a little too young for it , but now is a few months older and it 's just right . He enjoys riding it when he goes for walks with his parents .
 Purchased this for our 1 year old grandson . It was extremely easy to assemble and battery installation and charging is a breeze . Very easy for my grandson to ride and seems fairly safe , just watch out for any stairs or obstacles . Great product for the little one , he loves it .
 My 2 yrs old son loves his lil Quad so much , he rides it in the house . This toy is durable and the charge lasts a long time . even my 6yr old daughter rides it although shes too big , it still rides fine . I would recommend this one .
 I got this for my 19M Grandson 's first visit . He immediately got on and pushed the button to go , go , go ! He always smiled and had the most wonderful time . I highly recommend this toy to anyone who is considering a riding car for the younger children .
 I have researched all `` smaller '' power cars for my son who turns two in early November . I am excited to read all the GREAT reviews for this lil ' quad and will be purchasing tomorrow ! It seems as though this one is miles ahead on all features than all the others offered in this size and price range !
 I purchased this for my grandson more than a year ago . He was just 1 but had no problem learning to ride . He has never drained the battery in his 2 day visits . Everything has held up . We used it in the house where he could run into things and not damage them with the plastic bumper . Go job Fisher Price on a good toy and a great value . No I 'm not an employee . At 2years old and over 35lbs my grandson may be getting ready for the next larger model .
 I purchased this as a gift for my grandsons first birthday . It is his favorite toy and learned how to work it in less then 20 minutes . Great toy to teach spacial resoning as well as cause and effect response . Works great and is a deal for the price .
 My nephew received this for his first birthday . At first he was n't completely into it but after some days he was able to get on and off , can opperate it all by him self . Very funny for parents to see how your child get stocks on the wall .
 I bought this for my great neice , age 2 , for Christmas . She had a TON of other gifts , but refused to get off the lil ' quad . On one hand I felt bad -LRB- they should have given her the quad last -RRB- , because she would n't play with her other toys for any great length.she had no problem driving it or getting on and off . She 's not a big 2 year old either.an excellent purchase .
 We ordered the little quad for christmas for my son who is one and a half . It is the perfect size for him , does n't go too fast , and was easy to assemble . It is pretty easy for him to handle , although he does n't know how to steer yet . I would recommend this as a starter power wheels .
 I have no complaints about the toy . However , I am very disappointed with the order processing service provided by Amazon ; and , unfortunately I am unaware of how I can communicate with the company to discuss the matter at hand . Their site was experiencing difficulties and was running slowly . I showed an interest in purchasing the product and WHAM ! they processed my interest as a sale and processed it as such . I had no idea this had happened . The next day when I decided to actually ORDER the toy , I discovered that Amazon had processed the `` order '' and made arrangements to ship it out . Furthermore , they told me that I could NOT cancel the order . They NEVER , NEVER , NEVER had any type of confirmation that I had indeed purchased the toy . Now I am concerned of browsing on Amazon , fearful that they may process any of my interests as `` purchase orders . ''
 ES UN JUGUETE MUY BUENO Y ECON&Oacute;MICO YO SE LO REGALE A MI SOBRINO QUE TIENE SOLO 12 MESES Y EN POCO TIEMPO LO APRENDI&Oacute; A USAR . LO RECOMIENDO .
 My 5 year old daughter loves Playmobil , and it helps build her imagination . But it does n't always hold up to my 3-year old son very well : - -RRB-
 Due to recent recalls and quality issues , we had made the decision this year to only purchase items that were not made in China . This was not an easy feat ; however , we stumbled across some amazing toys that we may not have considered otherwise . We are very happy with all of our Playmobil purchases and we will be adding to our Playmobil collection ! This is a great value .
 I was n't 100 % sure that I would be pleased with this , based on a couple of negative reviews , but I am very pleased and more importantly , my 3 year olds are really enjoying it . I would not necessarily consider this a good ` travel ' toy , which is what one of the negative reviews was about , but I think looking at the picture of the contents , one would assume that with all the small puzzle pieces , it probably is n't the best car toy ! The foam pieces are sturdy , and the cardboard lacing cards are thicker and sturdier than I expected . Also , beads and cards have nice large holes that are easier to manipulate than other stringing beads I 've had . My children and I are very pleased !
 My 3-year-old son got this for Christmas and it is a hit . The cardboard lacers and strings are very sturdy as well as all of the pieces . My son loves every part of this pack . He is slowly learning his letters as he puts them back in the puzzle , and enjoys lacing . We took the lacers with us to the doctor 's office yesterday and he played with those instead of the toys in the waiting area , which are very unresistable . Great product !
 I purchased this for my 3-year-old grandson . It contains a variety of activities , and is helpful in increasing eye/hand coordination . He especially loves the lacing activity !
 This toy is n't going to be my son 's favorite of all time , but I can see that he sure does like it and that he will continue to play with it for a while . He enjoys the face-shape puzzles , and their simplicity is so satisfying for him b/c he can get them put together easily . And while putting them together , we practice the shape names . The alphabet puzzle is more challenging and , hence , frustrating , but he still enjoys seeing me spell out his and everyone else 's names . He enjoys `` sewing '' his cat , butterfly and heart lacing puzzles , and he enjoys sewing them together to make necklaces . The geometric pieces that fit together are still a bit advanced for him , but I can tell he 'll get it soon enough and love making new towers and shapes . The foam rubber is very durable . We just have to make sure we keep a diligent eye on the many little puzzle pieces so are puppy does n't get a hold of them -LRB- they 're not that durable -RRB- . The only reason I gave the durability 4 stars is b/c the carrying case is actually just the box that the toy came in -LRB- it has a plastic handle and velcro -RRB- . I can see that that is n't going to last long .
 My 2.5 yr old cousin loves this thing . one suggestion
 There are a lot of little pieces , and they are bound to get lost . The box is definitely not to keep . For the price , I kind of expected a little more . It does show what you get , so it 's just me . There are a few different activities to do , but not for a place like the car or a trip , more like for the table . Too bad .
 We love this set , it 's very durable and the carry-case is a huge bonus.My daughter likes all of it , the lacing shapes and the locktagon construction set especially . Her friends have had fun playing with it too . It 's been very durable , and when she grows out of it we will pass it on to someone else . This is a great buy , educational and fun !!
 This has lots of great activities that enforce many skills like lacing , puzzles , and creativity . It 's educational , durable , and offers lots of play for your money .
 I bought this to take along to a family reunion . I knew the other kids there would play with whatever my son brought since the other parents usually bring nothing . Last time they broke half the toys he brought so this time I decided to plan ahead . The Lauri pack was great - the manipulatives kept the younger ones busy playing and doing puzzles . The older ones would use some of the pieces to build and imagine they were something else . In all - it was n't expensive , I was n't worried about it getting ruined or losing pieces , and surprisingly - it held up to a group of rambunctious children for a weekend without anything tearing or breaking . Kudos !
 I honestly do not usually review products , but I feel like this is an under-rated product . I bought it from a toystore for my daughter , who will be 3 in 2 months , and we are having a great time with it . Yes , as some of the more negative reviews say , it has a lot of pieces . But I feel like if you know that going in , you 'll love it . There are cards you can lace up , an alphabet puzzle , smaller puzzles with shapes - and you can take the pieces out of those puzzles and use them as beads for the strings . I just loved that there was more than one use for some of the parts . Yeah , it might not be the most durable but its what , $ 12 ? I really think that for that price you ca n't beat it . It will be hours of fun on our upcoming trip to california , and its hours of fun now . Really great product .
 This item has been great with the kids at the age group I needed !! I am a nanny and added this to my age appropriat goody bag and the kids love it . I love the durability of the product and the convienance of the box it is in !! Exellent product !!
 My 31/2 year old daughter has found many ways to play with this And she is now close to 5 and will still play with it sometimes . The only negative is the case . The front is that flimsy plastic material that fell off .
 My 21/2 year old loves this pack . Not only can he build a tower but he can also lace cards and bobbles , and do puzzles . This is a nice throw in a bag toy that can keep him quiet and busy while we are in the car or away on a trip .
 I 've kept this toy in my office for days when my son has visited and I 've needed to keep him occupied . We also kept it in the car -- the sewing stuff is good to keep kids entertained for a bit . We have brought this out many times for my son from ages 3 to 5 , and it could always be counted on for some fun . I 'm buying another one now for my sister 's daughter .
 Lauri toys has great products , and this one is fantastic for traveling . Not just on an airplane or car , but great once you arrive as well . We found that even the older kids wanted to try it out .
 For those of you out there looking for a `` fine motor '' and hand strengthening toy , this one is great . Very durable , and will keep little ones busy .
 I purchased this for my daughter -LRB- then 2 years old -RRB- before a trip to visit family . It has since successfully entertained her through 14 flights and numerous other `` sit still '' times . The durable pieces are just the right size and nothing makes any noise ! We have lost a few things , but you can order missing pieces from the manufacturer if you are so inclined . I keep this toy out of sight and reach so that it is a special treat to my daughter when taken down . This is a great compact and portable toy for hours of quiet entertainment .
 I bought this for my son when he turned three . He loved it and still plays with it a year later . It was also a good travel toy to take on vacation -- I sent a couple of these to my son 's cousins as well .
 This was the toy that most helped my daughter as she learned her ABCs , and we really did take it everywhere -- on car trips , in restaurants , at the doctor 's office . Great stuff !
 The Lauri Primer Pack is a great travel toy for kids . The items come in an easy to carry tote , and there is an amazing range of activities that can be done with this toy.With the soft foam shapes , you can play games in identifying the colors , shapes , lacing the shapes on the string , etc.The alphabet is useful for teaching letters and sounds.The lace up animals are good for practicing animal sounds , and hand/eye coordination.There are also pieces that can be joined to make interesting formations.This toy stimulates young minds with education and imagination . My wife pulled it out for our flight home from a vacation and our son was instantly engaged with it .
 This is the perfect toy set to bring out to dinner with your toddler . A lot of mini activities to keep him/her entertained throughout the evening !
 We recently purchased the Primer Pack for our boys -LRB- they are 21/2 and 4yrs old -RRB- This toy was worth every penny we paid for it . We took this on our trip to Milwaukee and it kept both of the boys busy on the car trip , during dinners and down time at the hotel . Will be loking for more `` lauri '' toys to purchase in the future .
 This a fun assortment of activities to keep a toddler busy . My 31/2 year old really enjoys the alphabet puzzle and lacing the crepe rubber shapes from the mini puzzles.Some say this is a great travel toy . My caveat is that it is a great , compact , versatile toy for a toddler to play with upon arrival at your destination but it would not be a good car or plane toy because of all of the small pieces that could so easily be dropped or lost.My only complaint with this set is that the carrying case is not sturdy at all . Ours is falling apart -LRB- clear front is about to come unattached -RRB- after only using it a few times.Lauri is one of my favorite companies for toys because they replace lost parts which is so helpful .
 I got this for my daughter when she was 20 months , just before a cross-country car trip and major move . It -LRB- along with its companion , the `` Toddler Tote '' -RRB- entertained her for the two-week period from the time her toys were packed in our old home till the time they were unpacked in our new home . She still pulls them out and plays with them from time to time . The carry case is * not * meant to withstand toddler handling , but the pieces themselves have proven quite durable , and have a way of reappearing again despite my daughter 's best attempts to scatter them to the winds .
 This is a great tractor . My son got it for his 3rd birthday , along with the barn set ! Some parental setup is required , but once it is setup , my son has n't been able to break it ! A couple of the pieces come off , and we have to put them back on ... but it has never broken , even through heavy play by a 3-year old boy ! Great for imaginary play !!
 My 4 year old nephew loves playing with this and the Playmobil take along farm !
 Looked for this as a stand alone craps game for waiting in lines or at the airport . My latest Palm -LRB- TM -RRB- and its -LRB- few -RRB- craps games have stopped working because of license issues , no disk or other imponderables . Just need a simple game to play , and starting the PC just for this is often too much . This seems to be the only such Craps game around . All other titles take me to searches for sytems from the 80 's and before.This is a very basic game . Pass Line , Do n't Pass , Come and Do n't Come , Buy and Place bets . You are Not able to bet free odds on any bets so it makes for a pretty basic game . You can make most of the silly hardways and 2 , 3 , or 12 ; 11 , 7 bets.If you have any background in playing craps you might think this is a waste of time , not getting the best of it . etc. . Suprisingly it is actually a very good game where you can evaluate your process and manage your money as the random rolls go by . The streaks still show up and the seven still breaks your heart . I keep the sound off most of the time , but even when it 's off the moan of the crowd plays when you seven out . Even though the bet size is limited I simply adjusted my amounts to keep the same proportions I 'm used to . I find time to use it several times a week .
 My 2 year old loves this toy thus far . It is made in USA , which was a big draw for me when doing my shopping this year . The colors are bright , pieces are durable and washable . My son enjoyed stacking them and sorting them . It is a nice quiet time toy that engages his imagination - a welcome break from imported electronic toys .
 My twin toddlers love sorting and stacking and it keeps their hands and minds busy . Mommy really likes that . I recommend this item .
 I bought this for my child when he turned 1 for a long airplane trip . It did n't interest him and he just threw the pieces all over . So , I put it away for a while and got it out a week ago , when he was just turning 23 months old . What a difference the year made ! He wo n't stop playing with it - cries for it in the morning -LRB- I keep it on a high shelf , away from the dog -RRB- and it holds his attention for more than a half-hour at a time . He 's learned to put the pegs in himself , sort by shape and now we 're working on colors.It is made of thick , durable , foam - which seemed flimsey at first - but it 's so light - I put it all in a baggie and it 's PERFECT for our diaper bag and play while waiting at a restaurant . I 'm buying more as gifts !
 This is a fantastic learning toy for little kids . In addition to practicing hand-eye coordination kids can practice matching colors and shapes together . Toys such as this can be useful when kids are trying to learn their shapes and colors . The construction is sturdy as well .
 This is a great toy for teaching about shapes and colors . A young child can match shapes or match colors , and a more advanced learner can name the shapes and colors as he/she sorts them onto the pegs . A parent can extend learning by asking , `` Give me two circles '' or `` Find the green heart . '' I really like this toy because it can be used in different ways , and offers lots of pieces to keep little hands busy with the activity .
 I bought the coloured shapesLauri Toys Shape and Color Sorterfor my 1.8 years old grandson . I wanted him to have hands-on experience on shapes and colours that he already learnt from the pictures . The game is just right for his level - not too hard and not too simple . Obviously he has a way to go - he is not yet correctly sorting , mixing colours and shapes , but obviously enjoying the play and getting better in days . Excellent instruction on extensions . And excellent toy - simple , clever and may be durable .
 I bought this toy for my 2 and a half yr . old . He absolutely loves it ! It is great to teach colors , shapes , and matching !
 We bought this and the toddler travel tote for our 18 month old for our trip to California . He loved it ! If it were between the two , I think he had more fun and spent more time playing with this one . We lost a couple of the pegs , but you can mail away for replacements -LRB- awesome -RRB- . I just threw the mat in the diaper bag and put all the little pieces in a baggie ; the box is kind of an awkward shape . Would definitely buy again and will likely buy as a gift .
 I bought this after reading many reviews ... and I 'm glad I bought them for my 11 month old - but my husband will be making a sturdy fixed base for the shapes . As other reviewers noted - the pegs come out way too easily for a not-so-coordinated little one . He just tears everything apart and ca n't even try to put the shapes on the pegs without them popping off . Overall i do like the shape/color combination though .
 We have other Lauri toys which are great , and this one is no exception . My daughter enjoys playing with the pegs , and sorting and resorting the shapes . Perfect size for a 2 year old -- not too large or small . One negative of this toy , in my opinion , is the wooden pegs . We have another set with plastic pegs , where the pegs stack , and I was hoping the 2 sets could be used together . Not the case , since there is n't a space for the wooden pegs to stack like their plastic counterparts . A small complaint , and I 'd still highly recommend this toy .
 This toy is very durable , soft , and educational . Can sort by shapes or colors . Enforces learning of shapes , colors , and early math sorting skills . My only complaint is that the pegs themselves come out -LRB- and pretty easily , too -RRB- , so if our daughter takes them out and then wanders away with them they could get lost pretty easily . So we try to contain her play with this toy just to keep all the pieces together .
 Years ago my granddaughters played with Lauri puzzles so I wanted to purchase some for our great grandson . I am not disappointed ... the puzzle pieces are durable , soft , easy for a 21/2 year old to handle . He loves putting the different shapes on the pegs . For quality and durability as well as learning experience I give this puzzle and hearty two thumbs up !!
 My daughter got this for her first birthday and still plays with it all the time , 6 months later . She loves it so much that we even take it with us when we travel.I wish the box were more durable . She tore it , and it 's nice to have a container for all the little pieces.She still chews on things -- the rubber pieces are very durable , but not totally tooth-proof , of course .
 My two-year-old son just got this toy for Christmas . He loves it ! He will spend 20 to 30 min . at a time stacking , sorting , and unstacking the parts . In just two weeks he has learned the names of the shapes , and now we are working on colors . I love that it is quiet , without batteries , and educational . I will be buying this for gifts and looking at more toys from this company.What a great reminder that kids love simple things that allow them to use their own imagination .
 Our sons played with this toy a lot when they were young , and now I buy them for gifts.They are great and very educational .
 This is a really great preschool toy . I bought one for my two year old and he really loves it . He will spend a whole hour playing with it . The chunky pieces and pegs are great for little hands , and the bright primary colors and variety of shapes are great for learning . The pieces also work well for making a color shape matrix to go along with my kindergartner 's math . This toy was a wonderful homeschool investment . The one caveat is that I have to watch my two year old and make sure he does n't bite the pieces .
 I bought this toy when my son was 18 months old to help occupy him on our plane trip to Germany . It was quite a hit on our 2 week trip and also 3 years later -LRB- he is now 4-1/2 -RRB- . He and his sister -LRB- 15 months old -RRB- love to play with this toy . It is so durable that it looks like new !
 We bought this for our 20 month old and he thought it was wonderful , he plays with it in the car , and even takes the pieces to bed with him . He knows his colors and shapes throughly now and still loves to play with it , the only problem is pieces come up missing easily . That is solved by Lauri 's replcaement policy ... Directions on the box fifty cents and a stamped envelope and they will replace any missing piece .
 This item has proved to be alot of fun for my daughter , she is 11 months old and loves sorting the shapes and putting them on the pegs . My only suggestion would be pegs that do n't come out because she puts the pegs in her mouth and crawls around , which , is dangerous . All in all it was worth the money . I would just like one where the pegs do n't come out .
 Four different mothers have asked where I got this toy ! The wooden pegs and crepe rubber pieces just have a great feel . My toddler loves it . He becomes absorbed with fitting the pegs into the holes and sorting and re-sorting the shapes onto the pegs . This is a quiet toy , which makes it ideal to take along to restaurants or church . Even better
 I saw all the good reviews for this , and bought it for my 2 year old daughter for this last Christmas . She loves it . She already knew her colors , and shapes , and this toy just reinforces it . She loves sorting the pieces into same colors and also same shape . When they are older you can help them to learn patterns with the toy . I think it would be an awesome tool for teaching colors and shapes to kids who do n't already know them . I was actually suprised that she chose to play with this toy more than any of the other `` lights camera action '' toys she got for Christmas . Although , if you have a dog , keep the pieces away . My dog has chewed several of the shapes , so some of them are missing corners , and have bite marks in them . But on the up side of that , the Lauri company replaces pieces for something like 25 Cents .
 After I saw a completely wooden version of this toy at a friend 's house , I jumped into buying it for my 16 month old without carefully reading what it was made of . I was surprised to receive a package so light for a toy I thought was all wood . I would have preferred the shapes to be made of wood because the foam shapes bend and thus stick to the pegs when my child tries to pull them off . Since the pegs are not attached to the base , which is also very light , they easily come out when a piece is being removed and your child might not be able to put them back securely to continue playing . On the positive side , it is safer to have foam pieces scattered around a toddler who will inadvertently step all over them . My daughter is just as preoccupied with this sorter as she was with the wooden version at my friend 's house .
 I bought this for my 18 month old son . He was immediately drawn to the bright colors . I think he also likes the texture of the pieces -LRB- he likes to carry them around with him a lot , which unfortunately means we are always looking for missing pieces -RRB- . He did n't know his shapes and colors very well before he got this toy , but it only took him about 20 minutes to figure out how to sort the pieces . He 's very proud of himself and claps and cheers each time he successfully sorts the pieces by color or shape . The only thing I do n't really like about this toy is that the pegs come out of the base . Sometimes it 's hard for my son to pull one piece off a peg without pulling the whole thing out . Then he gets frustrated and throws the peg across the room . Overall , I 'm pleased with the quality of this toy and feel happy I bought it .
 This is the best kind of toy - your child is learning numerous different skills while playing . -LRB- fine motor , shape sorting , color sorting ... -RRB- I purchased it for my 12 month old and wished I had discovered the `` Lauri '' brand with my older child sooner . They even include an idea sheet to inspire other ways to use the product . It is the perfect item to put on the high chair to buy a little time while making dinner . I 'd make this purchase again in a heartbeat ! Do n't be swayed too much by the suggetsed age - this is a toy that grows with your child .
 I purchased this toy for my 15 month old daughter . She plays with it every day , placing the shapes on the pegs . She is learning to match colors on the pegs , but will also use the pieces as `` food '' for her dolls and stuffed animals . She also likes to remove and replace the wooden pegs themselves . The foam rubber base and shape pieces seem very durable , although my daugher is past the ` put everything in your mouth ' phase so I do n't know how they would hold up to being chewed . All in all , she seems to be having alot of fun with this toy , is hopefully learning color and shape recognition and gaining fine motor skills .
 My mom bought this toy for my daughter , then 18 months , in Hawaii . The fact that it is easily assembled and lightweight make it great for traveling . My daughter , who loves shapes , played with it every day . Now , at 20 months , she keeps asking for it , every morning . Because it is easily assembled , she has learned to do this on her own , which I think is another benefit of this toy . I am always thrilled when I come into the room and all the circles are stacked up on one peg , or all the blue shapes are stacked up on the blue peg , this is a great learning toy . Also , I remember reading the box insert that said you can contact the manufacturer to get replacement pieces if you lose one .
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old son , who is learning colors and shapes . This toy is very educational because it teaches those in addition to sorting by color and by shape . What impresses me about this toy is that you can order replacement pieces from the company , so if you lose a shape , the toy does n't have to be forgotton !
 I bought this toy for my girl 's first birthday . She really enjoys it . It is very sturdy and the shapes are bright and colorful . They are made of unbiteable hard plastic , but not too hard for little teeth . The pegs and board are made of high qualty wood with child safe paint . My baby chews on everything , but has not been able to damage this toy in any way . She likes to play with it and is able to place the shapes over the pegs herself . She has not figured out how to sort them by shape or color yet , but she will and it is a good learning toy too ! A must have toy for all toddlers , fun and educational .
 I have been so impressed by all of Lauri 's products for their quality and ability to hold a childs attention . The shape sorter is in the office at my children 's elementary school . My 4 year old son is drawn to this toy whenever we go there .
 Nice toy for a 11/2 , 2 , or 3yr old . Easy to clean and to take with you to grandma 's
 I got this as a gift for my 2 year old ... she seems to be able to understand it ... so , either it is age appropriate , or she is a genius . Like most other parents out there say about their kids , I 'll just say that she is a genius.Cute , learning toy ... recommended ...
 Love this product ! My 2 year old learned her shapes and colors very well using this toy . Just keep an eye on all the pieces - they can end up scattered throughout the house and lost ! She loves playing with this though and it has a lot of staying power .
 My daughter loves it and learned her shapes and colors really fast by using this , and to her it is just plain old fun .
 We also have the peg board and this is very similar just the pegs are wooden instead of plastic . Both of my kids are developmentally delayed and the Lauri toys have been helpful with learning shapes and colors . My only concern with this product is the number of pieces that are foam and very small .
 I received and I was very pleased . I will make new purchases in this category soon . Thank 's very much !
 One of my son 's favorite toys . It helps children learn their colors and shapes by sorting them . This is great for fine motor skills .
 I bought this toy TEN YEARS AGO . My son loved it , and by some fluke I still have all the pieces now for my 1.5 year old daughter . She enjoys it , though I think it might be a better toy for her when she 's a little older . At present , she takes the pieces and spreads them all over the living room . Then she 's mostly done with it.It 's a durable toy , and it 's an attention absorbing toy at the right age .
 I had a hard time teaching my 27 month old daughter to sort colors . Today , I opened the package and we played together . She got the concept right away . I 'm very pleased with the product as you can see . The toy does smell funny , but after an hour or so the odor disappeared .
 I use this item for doing developmental evaluations of children up to 3 years old . It is very useful for that purpose but I find that only about 25 % of the kids are interestesd in it . The ones who like it seem to like it a lot but the high energy kids do n't really like it much . Maybe it would `` grow '' on a kid if they had it in their home but in general I 'd only recommend it to families whose kids like fine motor tasks like puzzles , shape sorters , etc. .
 My mother originally bought this toy at a garage sale , so of course it was missing pieces . Being a teacher I immediately saw the learning potential -LRB- colors , shapes , fine motor , counting , sorting , etc -RRB- . I did some research and found this product -LRB- least expensive after shipping -RRB- at a store called LiveandLearn . The only reason that I gave it 4 stars is because the pieces can easily get lost . I bought another one to replace the one with missing pieces . My daughter really enjoys this toy .
 I bought this shape shorter for my 21-month-old son , and he wo n't put it down ! The only drawback -LRB- which is pretty unavoidable -RRB- is that the pieces are small and sometimes we have trouble finding them .
 Nice toy . Very educational -LRB- teaches colours , shapes & coordination -RRB- . My 2 yr old initially started playing with the shapes like he would a ball -LRB- throwing them & putting them in containers & `` pouring '' then out again -RRB- but is slowly learning the educational side of it . A simple effective must buy for toddler houses ! *** Updated 3/12It 's been 10 years since I bought this toy . It was severely used by both my kids but still in great condition . I now teach pre-schoolers & it has become a favorite material in my classroom . ***
 My baby really loves this toy ! She 's just starting to be able to identify `` star '' and `` heart , '' but I think this will help her with circle , square , and triangle when she 's ready . Other reviewers are right -- it is a little tricky to get the shapes off of the peg without me holding the platform steady for her - but it 's not as hard as I thought it would be because the holes are bigger than the pegs . She also likes to put them onto other options ... the top of a plastic spoon , etc. . The dogs are eyeing the pieces jealousy so I see some canine -LRB- as well as human -RRB- teeth marks in their future ... but the colors are vibrant and the texture is really soothing too !
 INITIALLY
 I bought this item for my little boy 's third birthday and he just loves it . Prior to using this toy , I had difficulty trying to teach him his colors . Now he separates the colors like a pro!I have another three-year-old -LRB- soon to be four -RRB- . He uses this toy in a totally different way . He sorts by shape , sets out the different foam pieces and pegs on the floor and plays with them just as pieces , fills his little basket with them and walks around the house like Little Red Riding Hood , and generally loves them.I must say that I love all products by Lauri . We have some lacing/tracing toys and some puzzles as well . They have helped both my toddlers with their fine motor skills more than any other toys they own . The foam pieces stand up well , as long as your kids are past the choking/chewing age . Also , Lauri Toys will replace lost or chewed on pieces!The only reason I give this item 4 stars and not 5 is that our pegs get lost very easily due to my younger toddler 's throwing habit . If a peg is missing , the puzzle is n't nearly as much fun . I understand that the peg/foam pad was developed to go with Lauri 's other peg systems , so it would n't be a big deal if we had other pegs from Lauri , but we do n't .
 This is my daugheters 1st year and she loves the look of her clubs . She says they are very comfortable . Bag is light .
 my son just turned 6 and he really likes this toy . I can see him getting over the disks pretty fast though . I would like to purchase refill disks , but alas there are none . As the mom ahead of me said , the eraser bar leaves a lot to be desired
 everybody said erasing is very difficult , but it is easy and very clean if you guys move the erasing bar slowly ... . really it works very well , my kid does not have problem erasing it ... she knows very well ... the projector arm is little shakey ...
 Psylocke is a pretty cool figure . I do n't understand why Toy Biz used so many different female figure styles . This one in particular is n't that great in the hips and torso , but she still looks really great .
 ONE OF THE FIRST FEMALE CHARACTERS THAT I WAS DRAWN 2 AS A KID ... & STILL AS AN ADULT & WANTED 2 BUY HER B4 I RAN OUT OF $ $ $ $ $ ...
 My daughter played wih this at a Gymboree type of play group . When she was 9 months old , she was interested but did n't have the coordination to put all the pieces in the ball . Still , the size of each piece was perfect for her little hands . She absolutely loved holding the pieces and trying to get them inside . I think that 's why she continued to practice and play with the toy rather then getting frustrated with it.By the time she was 13 months or so , she was easily able to fit the pieces in the various holes . What 's nice about this toy is each hole is colored to match with the piece that goes in it , so the round hole is blue as is the circle , the square hole is geen as is the square , etc. . This obviously also helps with color recognition.The only thing my daughter found difficult with this toy , in the beginning , is the fact that the sorter itself is round instead of flat . Since it 's a ball , it 's harder for the baby to find the hole they 're looking for . To encourage her , I would simply turn the ball for her so she would see the hole , then leave it up to her to put the shape in . As she gets older , she can then find the hole by herself . It 's a wonderful toy that a baby will be able to use for quite awhile as their skill level grows .
 My 22-month-old twins love this sorter . I had it out for them as infants and they would enjoy holding the shapes and hearing them rattle . At around 18 months they started to put the shapes in with help . Now they can -LRB- and want to -RRB- put the shapes in over and over again . I use the toy for matching skills , learning colors and shapes . Really a great buy .
 ROLLING BALL SHAPE SORTERThis is a colorful , well made toy that worked well with my 14 month old grandson . He did not have the sophistication to match the shapes to the holes -LRB- just yet ! -RRB- but he definitely liked the size of the ball and its enclosed objects . This is a better made product than similar toys we had for his mother .
 I was very pleased with the quality of this sorter . I did not find any rough edges as another reviewer mentioned . It is very durable , made of a very thick plastic , and very inviting . Not only is it a shape sorter but it is also great for color recognition , making it a bit easier for young toddlers to find where each shape fits . My problem is that it can be a challenge for toddlers to use this independently because of the coordination they need to put the ball back together . You have to match the two halves together and twist it to lock it in place . I got this sorter for my toddler classroom and most of them can not do this . I was hoping for a sorter that they could use independently and have success without the help of an adult .
 This toy was given to us as a gift when our twin boys were too young to use it -LRB- probably around 6 months -RRB- . This was the first puzzle toy that they quickly grew attached to as well as be able to complete . They just loved playing with the pieces and shaking them to make noise . My boys are now over 21/2 years old and we have another baby -LRB- 51/2 months -RRB- so we pulled the toy out again , and the boys are loving it all over again ! Once our little one is a little older , I just know the boys will love teaching her how to use the pieces and fit them in the proper slots . Definitely worth purchasing if you 're looking for a great baby toy ! I even purchased one of these for a friend because her daughter was only interested in this puzzle toy when she came over for play dates .
 My 18 month old son 's eyes lit up the second he saw it and demanded to play with it as soon as he unwrapped it during Christmas . He somehow knew that the object was to stuff the different shapes into the ball but he still needed guidance with matching the correct shapes and colors . I have no doubt he will soon be accomplishing this on his own as this ball is both entertaining and educational . Strong plastic means it will be durable as my son has already proven to me by trying to bounce it on our wood floors ! The little shapes are solid all the way around -LRB- not just one sided cookie-cutter style -RRB- and have little rattles inside .
 Friends gave this to my daughter as a birthday present . She has another shape sorter that she had n't been especially interested in , so I was afraid this would be a flop , but she started playing with it right away and has n't lost interest in it yet . Something about the way the Tolo sorter combines bright colors and a ball with shapes that rattle really intrigues her . She loves to put the shapes into the holes and when they 're all in , asks to do it again . The shapes have rounded edges , which I appreciate when she grabs them and runs around the room shaking them . The shapes also rattle with slightly different rattling sounds which seems to make shaking them extra fun.Right now we help her play with the sorter by holding the ball steady so she can put in the shapes and so we can open the ball up again to get the shapes out when she wants to do it again . This is a lot of fun , but , at least right now , this is n't a toy I give to her if I need a few minutes to get ready in the morning or to get something done in the kitchen.We 've only had the toy for a few months , so I 'm not sure how durable it will be long-term , but it seems very well made and so far has held up to being thrown on the -LRB- wood and tile -RRB- floors multiple times.I would heartily recommend the Tolo sorter to anyone looking for a good gift for a young toddler .
 We bought this toy is for our 11 month old son . We just gave it to him a couple of days ago , but he is already very interested in it and trying to figure out how it works . Great features - each shape rattles and matches the color of the `` slot '' it goes in , rolls easily , bright colors . Sure to become one of his favorites !
 This was all three of my kids favorite sorter and I loved playing it with them . Now it 's my go-to baby gift !
 I wanted the Tupperware Ball , but it is SO expensive ! So , I found this similar one . It 's great , and all the little pieces have rattles in them , which my baby LOVES ! The circle does have an edge on it , and it gets stuck quite often which is unfortunate . There is no square either , which I found strange ...
 When we first got this toy , my son was a wee one and was interested in shaking the shapes like rattles . As he got older , he became very interested in putting the shapes into the ball , but needed direction about where each shape went . He 's now 17 months old and is able to turn the ball around to find the right opening for each shape.This is seriously my favorite toy we 've gotten . I highly recommend it .
 I got this at a second hand store so I thought that the circle only fitting one way was due to it being &#34; used &#34; but I was surprised to learn someone else had the same issue with the new ones . I got it for my twins when they were about 9 months old . My son loved it and took to it immediately my daughter hated it . By at year they both knew how to open it and my son knew the general idea of closure just could n't line it up right so he would just lay the the top on the bottom and try to play that way . Since I only paid $ 3 I 'm pretty happy . I 'm sure they have made hundreds of thousands if not millions so with one 2 reviews showing minor flaws I 'd say QC is pretty darn good if you do the math .
 These shapes/colours always makes my 7.5 month old very curious and excited . He loves rummaging through them once its opened ... then reaching with all his might to get them .
 Great toy . My 3 year old loved it first for the shapes that fit nicely into palms and are little shakers , then for the ball that can roll around , lastly for the shapes and learning colors . So much fun I bought it again for her brother since we 'd lost a couple of the shakers -LRB- and they got a bit scratched since my daughter liked to crawl around with them in her hands and scrape them back and forth on our concrete floors -RRB- . I buy this as a gift for people having babies . Love this toy . Other Tolo products were good , but this was the best .
 This is a well made product . My child loves this and plays with it constantly . It 's one of her favorite toys .
 I am considering buying a second since my one and two 1/2 year old fight over it , they LOVE this toy . Not only do they love putting the shapes in but also shaking the shapes since they rattle , great toy !!
 We bought this for our daughter when she was 9 months , and though she ignored it at first , it quickly became her favourite . A week after watching us play with it around her , she decided to try for herself and managed to fit all of the pieces in about 15 minutes . Whilst it was n't a huge challenge for her as we 'd have liked , she still has tons of fun with it and the bright colours and rattling noises make her smile every time . Our only complaint is that the orange piece is n't evenly smooth and so it is a bit difficult to insert from one of its sides -LRB- something our daughter gets frustrated with . All in all , a great purchase , and I recommend for parents to buy for their babies as well -LRB- probably 6 months and up -RRB- .
 I really enjoy playing Quiddler -- especially the solitaire version , as we do n't get much opportunity to get together with others for a game night . We did , however , play it with siblings at New Years , and all who played thought they needed to get the game for themselves . As a 60 + year old , it does n't hurt to exercise the brain on a regular basis , either !!!
 I have been playing Quiddler for 2 years now , and it is one of my favorite games of all time . I 've played it with people from age 9 up to age 65 ; I 've played it by myself , with 1 other person , and with 7 others at a time . No matter what , I 've enjoyed it . It 's a great way to get your brain moving , and it can provide some pretty humurous word combinations . I am also a teacher , and my students LOVE to play . It is n't necessarily the best game for teaching spelling , but it definitely challenges the mind and helps one see things in different ways . I suggest this game to anyone !
 This game is SO easy to learn ... even a young 1st grader can play . There is great room for stradegy in this game , but a large measure of chance falls into it also . I learned this game in a few minutes and have been sadly addicted to it ever since . Every person I have taught it to have also become addicted . Only problem , it 's a bit hard to find ... have n't found it in the stores yet ... online is the best place to buy it.I only wish someone would create a game site where we can play online with other players . EGADS ... then I 'd never leave my computer for sure !!
 I have been playing quddler with literate older people in a retirement community . There has to be emphasis somehow on playing `` rapidly but not hastily . '' Bring your own three-minute hourglass . It 's a great game if others have a reasonably good vocabulary and can spell . Otherwise you lose time with challenges . + + + A good gift , much appreciated by young and old . Fill someone 's stocking with quiddler this Christmas .
 I love this game !! I fly quite often , and this is a game I can pass time with while on flying .
 I ordered 2 Quiddler card games for relatives . They continue telling me how much they all enjoy playing ! Rave reviews !
 Picked up the card game this weekend , have been playing the Quiddle daily puzzle -LRB- solitaire -RRB- online at http://www.setgame.com/quiddler/puzzle_frame.htm for several weeks . We played several hands last night . All I need now is a new dictionary !
 This was so much fun that the game was given to an eleven year old and now I need to buy another . This is a wonderful game for all ages .
 A friend introduced this to me on vacation , and it 's a fabulous game . Lots of fun , well-paced , and challenging . A good addition to a scrabble fan 's games .
 We have only been playing this game for a couple of weeks , but really are enjoying it . We have had friends over , and after initial reluctance , and the promise to just try a few hands , we have found ourselves entertaining for hours with this fast-moving game.The rules are simple , and the scoring is easy , and the spelling can sometimes be creative , causing more than a few `` challenges '' . If you like Five Crowns , you may like this one even more .
 Quiddler is my favorite game ever . It is great to travel with and great at parties too . Quiddler is amazingly easy to learn and play , requiring little explanation of the basic rules . I 've played it with graduate students and ten-year-olds alike , at dinner parties and babysitting . It 's very inexpensive and easy to set up . Because it is so lightweight and travel-friendly I often bring Quiddler on the train , camping , to the laundrimat , airport , etc. . My sister and I have played Quiddler death matches for hours ! It is so versatile that one can create any number of fun variations on the game - just like a deck of cards can be used in thousands of games - all it takes is a little creativity . I have had my deck for over 5 years and though it is well-used , it is in great shape . I also keep a small pocket dictionary with the cards to settle disputes . I recommend this game to anyone as an investment that returns more than its weight in G-O-L-D !
 This is a great game it really gets you thinking you use words you did n't even know youknew . It makes you get out that dictionary and think !!!!!!!!
 This game was so fun ! Once we figured out the best way to create a score sheet we were off and running . I played this game with friends whose ages ranged from 14 - 70 and it was very interesting the types of words people came up with . It 's like Scrabble , except it 's with cards and there are only 8 rounds . Each round you get one more card . The words are no longer than 5 letters long and the best part is being able to use a dictionary when it 's not your turn . In the last round we started helping eachother to see if we could use up all of our card to score more points . I recommend this to anyone -LRB- especially those who like to play card games -RRB- . There 's even a Solitaire -LRB- sp ? -RRB- version which is very fun too .
 Quiddler is a good game for both children and adults alike . It is like scrabble with playing cards . It is also a game that tests your spelling ability in a different kind of way . I would recommend this game for anyone who likesplaying scrabble or any kind of word game .
 This is a very fun game . Helps progress in spelling , quick learning skills , math skills . The children learn as they play . Grandparents and teens enjoy this game at our house.The preschooler is learning her letters by watching us . We take this game to all family gatherings and everyone plays and has fun . It is easy to take along and sets up quick , no fuss or mess , no small pieces to get lost or young children to choke on . Great family game .
 This game has become an instant favorite in my family ... Now mind you , when I say family , I do n't mean my children -LRB- as I do n't have any -RRB- . I mean my ENTIRE family ! Grandparents , Aunts , In-Laws , they all got a kick out of it when we brought it over for Thanksgiving . We must have played 30 games over that weekend ... No Kidding!On a more helpful note , this game is so great because everybody can play , despite limited vocabulary , and playing with such a wide variety of ages ensures that everybody is learning new words ! I was teaching my grandmother and she was teaching me!The only issue with this game is that playing so frequently got the cards a bit dirty . My husband , my mother , and I took a half hour and carefully wiped down each card with a damp cloth -LRB- drying it quickly afterwards -RRB- and it gave them new life , but I guess for -LSB- money -RSB- we can afford a new copy each year ! : -RRB-
 My kids love this game and so do I . The best thing about this game is that using little words is all right so all ages and vocabulary can play together . IN fact my 8 years old whips my 11 year old all the time.I have also played this with adults and enjoyed it immensely.We did add one rule when playing with my young kids ... If you want someone to help you after someone goes out , you can ask and if that person helps you , he gets 5 points . I also limit my vocabulary to words my kids do or should know when playing with them .
 This game is great for absolutely anyone . If you enjoy card games and scrabble this is the perfect combination for you . I recommend playing this one with 4 or more people .
 We love this game and everyone we 've introduced to it has gone out and bought it or had us order one or more for them . The only complaint we have is that the cards get very sticky withn lots of use and we are now ordering our 3rd game . Just wish they were made more like `` bicycle cards '' to make shuffling easier . We now have about a dozen people addicted to Quiddler and are ordering 6 new games this time .
 Brought this game when we went on vacation with another family . Players ranged from age 8 to 65 . We had a blast !! Very easy game for anyone to learn . Kids and adults loved playing - learning new words was an added bonus . Game was played for hours at a time . Solitaire version is also fun . Would recommend for anyone . -LRB- Buy 2 because you 're going to want to give one to a friend . -RRB-
 This is the BEST game ever ! Its fun , quick , easy to play and for the entire family . We play this game quite frequently ! Since its only a large deck of cards , its very versatile and can be played or taken anywhere !!!
 Great for long rides , short attention spans , or not enough time for a full Scrabble game ; and you do n't need a lot of space , big boards with pieces that get lost OR BATTERIES ! It 's easy to learn , challenging even for adults , and a great way to get your kids to expand their spelling skills without making it boring . We have worn out three sets , and given four sets to family and friends who loved it . We will use two games at once when we have a lot of people playing . Since it is hard to find in stock in stores , I am thrilled we found them on Amazon . Try it . If you like Scrabble , you 'll love this .
 It is a reasonable long word game and it is fun . the letters are written in a very cute way .
 Everyone in our family plays Quiddler . My 80 year old mother , my 13 year old niece , my 24 year old son ... . Fun for everyone !
 This is a fun card game for from 2-8 players and is very quick . We play it several times a week .
 I have found Quiddler a very interesting fun game and is great for teaching children and adults new words . It moves much faster than scrabble .
 My 8-year old granddaughter did n't think she 'd like this game . Since she consistently beat me , she decided she liked it a lot .
 My Mother-In-Law , Father-In-Law husband and I -LRB- and sometimes my daughter - 8 -RRB- have played this game nearly once a week for the last two years . It 's easy enough that you can carry on a conversation while playing but challenging enough -LRB- we learned two letter words that started with Q , X and Z ! -RRB- to stay fun . You will love it !
 I learned this great card game while on a cruise of the fjords of Norway and was instantly hooked ! If you enjoy playing Scrabble and love to play cards , this game is for you . The night I returned from the trip , I ordered 8 sets . Everyone on my list will get this for Christmas . Just be prepared to stay up late for `` just one more game '' .
 This card game is addictive ! I learned it quickly during a group camping trip , vowing to buy my own deck upon my return . I 've since bought several more decks and have taught it to my family and friends -LRB- young and old -RRB- . They 're all as hooked on it as I am.It 's a word game , but since the words formed are usually no more than 3-6 letters long , it 's accessible to a wide range of spelling abilities . An average game can last 20-45 minutes and scoring is simple . Our family chose to use an official Scrabble dictionary as a reference , since the guidelines of the two games are similar.The playing cards are high quality , made to stand up to many hundreds of rounds of the game . The instructions are clear and concise -LRB- one can also play solitaire Quiddler -RRB- . I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes word games and to groups whose participants have varying skill levels .
 Quiddler is a very challenging game for adults and teenagers . It helps to develop vocabulary , is easy to learn , and does n't take hours to play . Younger children can also play , but adults will have a decided advantage .
 My friends and family have a riot playing this game . We are big scrabble fans so this is great to play too . It 's even easy for younger players , since you mostly spell short words .
 This is like a Scrabble game , but with cards . It 's great fun for all ages , because the first hand is dealt with 3 cards and you have to make a 3 card word . Then with each successive hand you made a 4 card word , 5 card word , etc. . Because there are several 2 letter cards , these words can actually be 1 , 2 or 3 letters more than the card count . It becomes more challenging when you get to the 8 and 9 card words , but that just makes the game more fun . Quick paced .
 This product was recommended by a therapist at an adult day care center . My -LSB- ... -RSB- son has a brain injury and we do everything we can to help him with his memory loss and retrain his brain . The game Quiddler has been one of those tools that is remarkable in helping him with his recall . It has also helped by 90 year old mother with her memory of spelling . This game is challenging for everyone , as a family we all love playing it . It is a cross between Scrabble and Rummy and most enjoyable , I would recommend this product to kids of all ages .
 The way Quiddler works is you play 8 rounds with each round getting one more card than the last one . The first round starts with 3 cards . To win that round you would have to pick up a 4th card , make a 3 letter word , and discard a card . Even if you win that round , someone else could have made a word with more points . We bought the Quiddler card game to have something fun to do in regard to spelling with our 8 year old son . He 's very competitive so we made a rule that if we do n't help him , he can double whatever points he comes up with on his own . My mother in law love this game , and that 's saying something because she hates card games . I personally never liked Scrabble but with Quiddler I can actually win once in a while . My husband loves it , too . A wonderful feature is there are enough cards in the deck to have two people playing solitare side by side . Whenever the cards come out of the box , everyone swarms to the table !
 This is a great game ! Our family loves it ! Helps with spelling and playing scrabble .
 Quiddler encourages players to test their word skills . Most games these days test only our numeric skills . It 's fast , easy to learn and appropriate for young and old . I recommend it .
 This is is FUN and EXCELLENT to play !!!!! It is like scrabble but with playing cards . This makes it easy to transport . The pictures on the cards are fun to look at at you can tailor this game for younger players by spelling simplier words . We 've had lots of fun learning how to spell words and challenging some of the stranger words we spell . -LRB- My friend even looked in the dictionary for some ideas to use for the harder letters like X , Q , and Z -RRB- . You can get points for having the longest word or the most words and the letters you use to spell the words and you can play with just two players . It 's fun and fast to play , highly recommended .
 I love word games , and this is a definite winner . It 's not so long that you get tired of it , but it 's not so short that it 's over before it 's begun . I love how they even added details like the interesting medieval-looking letters on each card . This game is a great buy .
 An enjoyable word game . It is fast , easy , and requires some strategy against an opponent . Easy to take along on trips . Need the Quiddler dict . for fun .
 We love this card game version of Scrabble ! It 's fun with a group of six or eight folks , or with just two . Recently we had our second ` Quiddler Party ' with eight friends , and had a ball -- again ! Good to play with any age who likes to put words together .
 This game is like Boggle with cards . Put together long or short words with the cards in your hand , for multiple rounds using your imagination . A great game for all ages , because the young kids can win easily by putting together smaller words that are can be as valuable as a large word in the end . Worth every penny for it 's great price ...
 This is a card game that as long as the person can read and spell , he/she will find it fun and interesting . It 's most definitely a family game .
 This is one of those games that keeps coming out at parties again and again.It 's quick and easy to set up and the rules are not complicated.The play goes quickly but fun enough to puzzle your mind and make you laugh.It 's easy for most age groups to play , and not slow and hard like scrabble can sometimes get.VERY FUN !!
 Quiddler is a card game that can be enjoyed by adults as well as children . It can be used as a teaching tool to increase vocabulary yet is enjoyable to play .
 I bought this game to try on an after-Christmas family vacation with relatives who love crosswords and Boggle and such . None of us played anything else once we learned Quiddler!Even though some of us regularly trounce others in word games , this one kept us all engaged . There is enough chance in the draw of the cards to even out the playing field , and enough skill in forming words to make it a challenge , and enough strategy to keep us all involved.It was more fun with four or five -LRB- ages 23 to 86 -RRB- than with just three . I have n't tried the solitaire version , and did n't come home with the game because it became an impromptu gift to one of the new fans ! I 'll replace mine , though , and probably buy several as gifts .
 Quiddler is an exceptional card game for children and adults . It makes them think about the correct spelling of words . Young third-grade school children will benefit from playing the game with their parents . My grandchildren -LRB- ages 8-20 -RRB- loved playing it during the Christmas week . Someone suggested it to me as a gift for them to share .
 I bought this as a gift for my 9 year old daughter and we love it . We 've played it together a few times and it 's a lot of fun and it 's great for learning . Playing the game with me is helping her learn bigger words and reinforcing words she already knows and can spell . I would recommend it to any one that wants a fun and educational toy for their child . It 's also a great way to spend quality time with your child as they learn and have fun .
 We have been playing Quiddler for years and are always introducing friends and family to this fun game . I purchased 4 to give out for Christmas gifts . Even sent one to Italy this year . It 's a nice balance of luck and skill . If you like scrabble , you 'll like Quiddler . It 's a shorter , less intense game and helps everyone work on word skills .
 this is a good way to help kids with spelling . it 's fun for adults as well . at thanksgiving last year , about 10 of us sat around and played for about 2 hours .
 This is a fun family game . It makes you think and then when you think you have it , something happens and you have to change your whole thinking . Its a lot more fun with more than 2 people , but even with 2 it gets interesting after the first few rounds . The first couple rounds are easy , but when you get more cards , thats when the fun really starts .
 Quiddler is like scrabble with cards . educationally fun for the whole family as long as you can spell 3-5 letter words .
 Quiddler can be played with few or many players . It is compact , so it 's easy to take along on trips . Fun for kids or adults who enjoy word games .
 This is a fun game . When we played on Thanksgiving with about 5 of us and had a great time . I plan on playing again at Christmas with the family .
 We play with players from 10 years to 80 years young . We cooperate to help everyone get the most points out of each hand . The game and the dictionary stay on a kitchen chair for spontaneous rounds of solitare and group play . We take it with us when we travel and we end up leaving it as a hostess gift more often than not .
 Quiddler is fun and as a bonus it is also educational We play it with our young grandchildren and play alone . We have replaced Scrabble with Quiddler The cards are easy to carry with us on trips !
 I received this at my last birthday party and we had 7 adults willing to try it out . Took a while to play , well over an hour , but it was a lot of fun for everyone I think . Not sure about all the rules ... we collectively thought the `` can only use dictionary when it is not your turn '' made it too easy for folks to hog the help . It feels like a cross between Scrabble and cribbage .
 My cousin introduced me to Quiddler two months ago , and I 've been hooked ever since . We play 4 or 5 times a week , and still really enjoy the game . I even bought a copy for my sixth grade classroom , and my students enjoy it too . If you enjoy scrabble or boggle you will also really enjoy Quiddler .
 although there is not a lot of strategy to this game , I like that there is a nice ratio of luck to skill . Most appealing , perhaps , is that a range of ages can effectively compete . It 's educational for youngsters , a mind-sharpener for senior citizens , and habit-forming for everybody.I developed a `` speed '' version because the regular play can be slow if you have a lot of players who agonize over every draw . I deal 10 cards to each player , which they must hold face down until the clock starts . One card is turned face up to be a `` hole '' card for everybody to use . I allow one minute for players to make the best score they can out of their ten cards . Anyone can grab and use the hole card at any time , but must immediately replace it with a card from their hand . At the end of the allotted time , any cards you do not use do not count against your score . Highest score after 6 hands wins . Try it -- it will get your adrenaline going !
 This is a fun `` puzzler '' card game for adults as well as kids who are pretty good spellers -LRB- maybe 8-yr . - olds and up -RRB- . My 10 and 12-yr . - old grandkids love it , as do all our grown kids and my husband and I . The kids often out-scored the adults , by the way .
 We ordered Quiddler after playing the game with friends . I love playing the game , and play it with the granddaughters when they come to visit or when we camp together . It is educational in that it helps them with spelling and word composition . We plan to order another for a gift .
 Quiddler was introduced to me by my 88 year od mother . We played it on a recent visit . I immediately purchased my own game and it has become an almost daily ritual ! Fun , fast moving , great for 2 people , even more fun for a small group . Basically , it 's similar to scrabble using cards . Also much like word-jumbles . Unscramble your letters and make words . Letters have value . Highest score wins !!! Easy to play ! Made for kids but adults will really enjoy !!
 I 've played this game several times with my adult child and we both enjoyed it . I can see where it would be lots of fun with several players and young children as well would benefit from trying to form words on their level . Great family game !
 Quiddler is like Gin but with letters . My four years old loves it and my 80 year old aunt loves it.It 's the most fun I 've had with a word game in a long time ! If you like Scrabble , Boggle , Upwords , and the Word Jumble in the newspaper , you will love this game .
 Many word-phobia types may avoid this game . But , they should n't ! Most of the words to be formed are short words familiar to everyone . We played with a wide range of ages and abilities . We ended up helping each other get the best scores from whatever was dealt . A good game .
 This is a very fun game ! i got addicted to it the first time i played . I made people play it with me so i coulf fill my craze . I got other people really into it as well . It 's loads I enjoy playing this game over and over and over again !!
 We play this game allowing ` helping ' from other players after the first person goes out . We are competitive AND cooperative . A dictionary is a must.It 's fun , educational . a great gift , plays in one hour ... unlike other interminable games that few busy families have the time for .
 I had no idea what this was when i found it in my Christmas stocking , so imagine my surprise when I started playing it with my Fiance & it was a blast !!! :D I absolutely love this game !!!!! :D I play it at least a couple days a week with friends , and sometimes I play the solitaire version if there 's nobody else around . :D I love it !!! : D
 If you do n't like word games , this is not for you . Almost anyone can play , so long as they have a decent vocabulary and can spell . You need to have a good score person also . We play it at family gatherings and it gets quite competitive . Have fun !
 My husband and I like card games where you do n't have to move the pieces or need a board to play . Quiddler is a card `` scrabble '' type of game , fun for two and easy to learn and play . The scoring is easy and the game is limited by the number of deals you play.It plays similar to rummy.The entire game is only a special deck of cards ! The cards have letters and point value . You make words then `` go out '' . Fun , fun game !
 Actually bought this for my husband . It 's a good game for just two players . I can see how it would be a great game for kids who are learning spelling to have letters they make into words . A versitile game . The cards seem sturdy , but I still would n't let my 2 year old play with them !
 After 30 seconds of watching , anyone can understand how to play this game . The rules are cleverly setup so that master wordsmiths can compete with 6th graders on an even playing field . Fast , addicting , thoughtful , and awesome are all great words to describe this game - and also words you can use while playing it !
 Easy to play and understand , this word game is great for the `` spellers '' in your family . My 7 & 8 year olds found it a little frustrating once we got up beyond 6 letter words . However , my 10 year old loves this game . I am sure you could make many variations using this card deck .
 I bought this game because I enjoy playing Five Crowns , and Quiddler is in the same `` family '' of games . I was pleased to find that there are many similarities between these two games.This is a fun game to play with both a small group and a large group ! There is an option of playing the game in a solitaire form , but I have n't played it that way yet.Quiddler is fast paced , so while there are 10 rounds in one game , it does not seem like a long , tiring game . It is a fun way to challenge yourself and your family and friends !
 We got this for Christmas and really enjoyed playing it a few times so far . It might be too simple for adults , as some other reviewers stated , but it is great to play for different ages just for the interaction and competition . It is not too hard to learn , and is fun to get intergenerational laughs going . I would recommend this for a gift for a family . Also could be used at teen parties and gatherings . Two thumbs up !
 Where else can the kids have a blast and try to build the longest and most `` point valued '' word ? Nowhere . Our girls , ages 7 and 8 love this game !!! It is competitive , engaging and educational . It also gets them using the dictionary to make sure that words are `` real '' words when an adult is not around . They learn the concept of spelling , point value , competition and have a great time all together . A really fabulous game . You will never get the same cards two times in a game with 118 cards to go around . Teaches them the concept of math also when it comes to the idea of adding the point value of each letter and then comparing the values with the other kids . You can also play up to eight kids . Fabulous game for the money . ''
 Bought this for my family for Christmas and loved playing it . Can play with 1 to many players . Educational , requires thought , and very similar to classic card game gin . A great buy .
 I was told about this game and how fun it was , so I decided to try it on my own . I got it for my Granddaughters so they would put down the phones and computers and enjoy family . It worked because now everytime they come to our home , they want to play Quiddler . It is a challenging game and just the right amount of competiveness . We help each other with words and it is more fun that way . My Granddaughters are 16 and 11 and they have a great time beating Grandma and Grandpa . It also was a very reasonable price .
 Great game . Lots of fun and shorter than a game of Scrabble . I really like the concept . All my family really enjoyed it .
 I bought this for the kids for Christmas , but my husband and I play more than anyone . We usually play , just the two of us , after the kids go to bed . It 's good fun . The kids enjoy the game , too , but are n't as avid as we are . Then we bought Four Crowns and Set . We play them all , but Quiddler is our favorite .
 My family loves word games and this is perfect . Easy to play right off the bat . Fun also as solitaire . would highly recommend .
 My family and friends are having a wonderful time playing this word game . Anyone who loves Scrabble ! will also love this game . It is helping all of us to learn new words while we are having fun .
 I learned about this game in a English pub in Portland OR and the players were having a blast.But instead of being bored after 10 minutes this game gets more exciting and challenges your brain at the same time . We have played it once but really enjoyed it!Great game for adults and a good game for kids learning words .
 My husband and I play this nightly because we enjoy it so much . We do a best 2/3 series . We also play with friends . Our vocabularies are increasing with each time we play .
 We ordered this game after my sister in law introduced it to us . It 's kind of like Scrabble with cards . I bought another for a Christmas gift .
 This game will be great for the grandkids . While they are having fun , it will be educational too.family game
 This game is very fun . Takes some thinking and that makes things interesting . I feel it 's a little overpriced , even on sale , because it 's basically just 2 decks of cards .
 Quiddler is a favorite of our family . We love card games and this one is both fun and educational as you learn new words to play . Crossword and scrabble players probably have an edge but it 's fun for anyone .
 I 'm a scrabble lover , and I like this even more . A game is very short , which makes it great if you have a small window of time to play -LRB- or get in lots of hands if you have lots of time !! -RRB- . Every game is different - the letter combos are well thought out .
 We were introduced to this game by friends we were visiting while we were on vacation . It was such a delightful game and we decided we wanted to purchase it for ourselves and for other family members and friends . We were able to find it on Amazon.com and ordered several sets . We would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves word games !
 Me and my daughter played this game incorrectly , but think our way should be added to the rule . When playing with a few people try not going out until a person can use all but 1 card to spell one one.The rules can be improved . The paly section only tell how to rotate and turn a end a round , not what happens during a round . I learned from the box cover that a person can end a round by makingmore than ne small word and then trwoing out a discard.The game is great for children wo need practice with their spelling or just what to challenge themselve , adults toooo .
 This has quickly become a new family favorite and is great for most ages with some ability to spell . Sometimes my 8 year old needs help arranging his cards into words to get the most points . Some of us like Scrabble , and some of us do n't , but ALL of us like Quiddler ! You do n't have to be a lover of words and dictionaries to enjoy this game -- though it just might get your kids looking up words in the dictionary to get more points in the next game .
 I purchased Quiddler to save on shipping . My daughter-in-law has it at her home now and plays with my son and anyone who comes over day and night ! WE absoultely enjoy Quiddler and have played the other game -LRB- my main purchase at the time -RRB- only once .
 We have 8 children so we look to buy games that many people can play and different age groups . This game covers it . It is educational and fun . It has a competive edge . You spell words with the cards that you are given . The first round you get 3 cards , 2nd round you get 4 cards , and so on until you have 10 cards . The younger children have just as much of a chance to win because you can spell small or big words . We have almost wore this set of cards out . It is small and compact and can be played just about anywhere .
 Fun game !!! I had played this before with some friends but then bought several to give to other friends who enjoy word games -LRB- `` wordies '' -RRB- . We enjoyed the game although one friend thought there should be points for going out first . Easy to learn and easily transportable . Great game to take on vacation . The solitaire version is fun as well .
 This game is a hit with our kids ! It is really helping them to become faster & more versatile when it comes to spelling . I enjoy watching my kids learn from it . Even our youngest can play along and he 's just a beginning speller . Unfortunately , it 's boring for adults but we have found that you can adjust the rules to make things more fun -LRB- like by adding more rounds with more cards or by making all of the words have to fit to a specific topic -RRB- . Overall I think this game was well worth the money & my kids are definitely benefitting from it !
 We played a few rounds of this after I got it as a gift . It 's definitely a fun game , but it seems to go by awfully fast . I do n't think we had a single round where 3/4 of the players did n't go out on the first hand . And that was a rarity , 90 % of the time everyone went out on the first hand . I think it 's a fun game that will be part of game night rotations , but I ca n't see it being _ the _ game of the night.As a side note , the distribution of letters also lends itself well to ` word poker ' .
 I do n't like games in general , but I love this game ! I play it with adult friends , relatives and my grandchildren - who are 7 , 9 and 11 years old . . It is fun , educational , you do n't have to worry about letting your partner down with a dumb move , it goes quickly , and it 's light-hearted playing -LRB- which I remember in my youth -RRB- . I would recommend it highly for anyone considering purchasing any type of game ! It is so fun !
 Great game for families with various age children , reading age and up - adults and children compete on the same level as longest word , the most words both have extra pts . Good spelling tool !
 This is one of my favorite games if you have a little time and are playing with people you 've beaten too many times at Scrabble ;-RRB- It 's easy to learn and plays pretty quickly . It 's also appropriate for teaching kids how to play word games , since once a child can spell simple words they can play . Great for hanging out in airports . Also has a pretty fun solitaire variation .
 This word game is not only educational for children but challenging for adults as well as fun . Each time it is played it is a different game depending on the letters you get . It is challening in that you must take a card , discard a card and can not put down your word -LRB- s -RRB- until you can play all your cards . It 's great .
 This card game is a very educational game for our grandchildren . We enjoy it very much . Have lots of fun playing the game with our schol age grandchildren .
 I love pulling this out when I have a bunch of friends over ! It 's great since you can have 1-8 players . It 's hilarious when people try to justify a made-up word they want to play ! Great for family gatherings too since it 's fun for adults or kids !
 I 'm 82 years old , so Quiddler certainly is not classified as a toy in my case . I played this game with a 90 year old neighbor every friday night for a long time . It is a great game to preserve and strengthen your mental capabilities . Amazon made it possible . I always go to Amazon first . Great !!!
 This is a great game and can be played with a wide range of ages and spelling abilities . I highly recommend it !
 Everybody 's game!Everybody I know loves Quiddler , young and old alike . It makes one think a bit , and is great fun . Your family will enjoy it a lot !
 This game is addictive ! Deal is 3 , then 4 then 5 cards and so on . Make words with all your cards and lay them down . Cards have values and so you want higher scoring words . Cards you ca n't use score against you . Get bonuses for longest word , most words . This is really fun and we are stretching our vocabularies too ! Highly recommended .
 This is a great game , I love playing it with my family , even though I am not good at spelling , it is fun . Kate
 This is an educational game that is enjoyed by multiple age groups and a lot of people can enjoy . If more than the recommended number want to play , we just reduce the number of hands we play . Really is fun and everyone helps everyone else , so there 's a lot of interaction . Good choice .
 This has been a great purchase . Kids and adults can play . We have had lots of fun with it .
 My aunt introduced us to this game over summer vacation . We had my seven year old nephew and 85 year old grandmother playing this game for hours . This was a great way to bring all the ages together and in the process helped the 7 year old with spelling and pronunciation.LOVE LOVE LOVE this game . As for durability , well they are cards .
 As a huge game lover , I am always looking for games that everyone can find fun . Each round moves quickly , and as a consequence , it is easy for each player to be in the lead at one point or another . I 've had people who grumbled that they hate games request to play this one again once we finished !
 This game is a winner ! I ordered this game months ago just from the description , having never heard of it . We 've given it as a gift to numerous people , and now friends and family members also find it a favorite and are buying it for others . Have a dictionary on hand ... there 's always someone who comes up with a word you 've never heard of ... and someone else raising his or her eyebrows . Fans range in age from 10 to 70 . It 's very hard to find in stores , so buy it here .
 This is a fantactic game . We have owned it for several years and it is still one of our favorites . Great for travel , compact and hours of fun . The great thing about quiddler is that small words can lead to big scores , so when my kids were as young as first grade they could play with minimal help.Quiddler , Set , and Five Crowns go with us on every trip . A great product .
 This game will let you know if you have them . Thank God for the Scrabble dictionary . My wife and I love to play .
 this is like playing scrabble with cards ... very portable , great fun , a vocal builder , highly recommended . good for all ages , can be played individually or by teams .
 We already had a copy of Quiddler , and we enjoyed it so much that we wanted to give another game to a friend .
 My family LOVES Quiddler - it is our favorite `` snowed-in '' card game and we go nuts borrowing the dictionary to come up with the oddest words to win ! Simple and complex at the same time , no one has an advantage over others . Score gets higher with each round and the penalties become greater also . Keeps you guessing on a winner !
 Family introduced us to this game on our last visit . What fun we had . Great as a ` learning tool ' too to see things from a different angle i.e. not just making one long word .
 Quiddler is fun for two or more . Educational in that it challanges your vocabulary skills . This game moves along quickly . If you like Scrabble you will like Quiddler . I recommend it .
 great game for those who like word games ; a little like Scrabble butbetter because it moves more quickly ; challenging but do-able ; 10-roundgame can be completed in about 35 min .
 I bought Quiddler principally to use in the English as a second language -LRB- ESL -RRB- classes that I teach . Although I have so far used the game only once , it was a great success . The students -LRB- intermediate and above -RRB- enjoyed playing it and learned many new words in the process . They all want me to use the game again in a future class . But clearly the game can be used in many other situations -- with people of all educational levels . I have played it with friends , family , adults and teenagers . It can be played in as relaxed or as cutthroat a fashion as the participants desire .
 See the title and multiply it many times . It 's easy to learn , takes less than a half hour for two to play , exercises the brain and prompts you to greatly expand your vocabulary .
 This is a great game for 2-6 people !! It makes you think and expands your vocabulary . It moves along quickly and is never the same game twice . The cards are beautiful and you can play it anywhere . It 's a great games for adults and children . I plan on purchasing two more sets for family members .
 My husband and I play cards almost every day . `` 5 Crowns '' and `` Quiddler '' are getting worn out . We have bought 3 sets so far . In order to learn new words we play with a dictionary . We play it with our older grand children and they love it .
 My friend introduced me to this game while on a women 's retreat . We had so much fun that as soon as I got home , I went to Amazon to find it . My husband and son enjoy playing it with me . Even our 6 year old daughter plays -LRB- with a little help from her mom -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes Scrabble or other word games . It 's a good way to build your child 's vocabulary . Even better , there are no little pieces to lose -- it 's just cards !
 I was introduced to this game by my daughter and son-in-law . After playing at their home , I had to purchase it for my own use . It is a fun , fast paced word game that helps to build vocabulary and spelling skills .
 My girlfriend and I went on a game shopping spree recently , looking for some good adult games that let you use your brain . We came away with about six games , including Quiddler . The most expensive of the six was in the $ 30 range . The least expensive -LRB- under $ 10 -RRB- was Quiddler . So far , I think we 've had a lot more fun playing Quiddler than all the other games combined . We both like Scrabble quite a bit -LRB- I 've been playing for ... well ... more years than I really want to admit -RRB- , and Quiddler gives you a lot of the features of Scrabble , but without the cumbersome board , bag of tiles , letter trays , etc. . We started out playing it at the table , but have since moved to the living room floor . When all you need is the deck of cards and a pencil and paper -LRB- and occasionally a dictionary -RRB- you can play it almost anywhere . It 'd be great to take along on a trip to make the miles pass more quickly . It 's a cleverly designed game that delivers a great deal of fun for those who enjoy thinking , without a bunch of playing pieces and complicated rules . Highly recommended !
 While I have always enjoyed board games , word games specifically have remained challenging for me . I refuse to play Scrabble with my husband , as his skills are superior to mine and it is intimidating to play with him . Hooray , Quiddler has given me an edge into what I term as word games . I only have to be concerned about the cards in my hand , while playing attention to the discard / draw deck-easy verses the interconnectivity of letters on a board which only multiply.Each player starts with 3 cards during the first round and the number of cards dealt increases by one in subsequent rounds . The game seems to become more challenging in later rounds when you have more cards in your hands and are trying to create words and `` go out '' . Enjoyable with two or more players !
 We bought Quiddler for two reasons : Our other set was wearing outOur other set is at one place when we are someplace else.We like this game so much that we felt we needed to be sure we had it close at hand.It is fun
 I picked up Quiddler as a time-filler and found it to be a great card game for children and adults . I am retired . Four of my retired friends and I play frequently -- good for the mind :-RRB- Since then I have ordered 8 games for my friends to give to their grandchildren . The kids love it and the game is a great vocabulary builder .
 Quiddler is a great game for the whole family . Matching letters and numbers , it combines the skills of both rummy and scrabble . Younger players will learn to match numbers and create words while older players will improve their skills in both . While having a great time , players improve both math and language skills . Our family has played the game with all ages and everyone - regardless of their skill at word games - enjoys it and is successful . I have had the game for several years , recommended it to others and given it as a gift . You ca n't go wrong with an all-purpose game like this one .
 This card game is a combination of Scrabble and Rummy ! It is alot of fun and can be enjoyed by a wide span of ages ... 5 y/o to 100 y/o . Great way for younger children to learn their spelling ... . Adults be aware , the children are probably going to beat you !!!!
 If you love scrabble , crosswords , or other word games , you will love Quiddler . It is habit forming ! The cards each have a letter or letter combination and you simply put the cards together to make words . Very simple to learn and loads of fun .
 I bought this for Christmas and we had a great time playing it . From our 8 year old to 73-year-old grandpa , everyone had fun and a good chance of winning . sort of a combination of gin rummy and scrabble .
 We all enjoy this game -- ages 8 , 10 , 17 , and adults . It is extremely helpful for the younger kids -- helps them with basic math -LRB- adding and subtracting points for scoring -RRB- , spelling , dictionary skills and creativity . I allow each of the younger players to have their own dictionary . We enjoy this game very much and highly recommend to any age group over 2nd grade -- they must be able to read and verify their spelling in a dictionary . -LRB- Younger kids may want to `` team up '' with an adult . -RRB-
 Seriously , this game is wicked fun and addicting and since there are like nine billion 5-star reviews for it already , no one is even going to read mine so it does n't really matter what I write . Buy this game though . If you even sort of like word games or card games you will love this game . Totally addicting .
 We play Quiddler several times per week . We play it after a hard work day . We play it whenever we are tired . We play it anytime that we are n't interested in or ca n't agree on television . -LRB- You 'll actually be able to downgrade your cable connection , just because `` Quiddler '' is more fun , relaxing , and entertaining . -RRB- A good raucous game of `` Quiddler '' is pretty quiet . You 'll be too busy checking spellings in your dictionary , switching cards around to stimulate new words into your brain , be anticipating the next possible letter that you might draw , making decisions , and plotting your strategy . But best of all , this is a game that a person of 12 , 30 , 50 , 80 , 90 , or a 100 years old can all play together . Everybody can win . Everybody has fun . And everybody will have more energy when it is over than when they started . You might want to maintain your health , so that you can be your best at `` Quiddler '' . It will show in your score . One Tip , the game changes in speed and enjoyment according to the number of players that you have . I like 3 players , but two is pretty fine also . 4 is ok , but I want to break out a second card set and play two games at once if there are 6 of us . Have fun .
 This game is Gin Rummy meets Scrabble . Instead of having tiles of letters you have cards with letters and each one has a different point value . Combine the cards to build words , just like in Scrabble . The game is played in a total of 8 hands . The first hand requies 3 cards to be dealt . Increase one card for each subsequent hand up to a total of 10 cards . The object of the game is to use all the cards in your hand . Much more travel friendly than Scrabble and with a total of 118 cards many people can join in the fun ! All my friends love this game and beg to play when visiting .
 Great game ! I received it as a gift and have bought several more to give as gifts . It is fast fun for either two or 8 ... young or old ... good speller or not !! Great for a family with kids or for a get together of friends .
 A good friend of mine introduced me to this game this past winter . I think she may be sorry she did because it created an addiction ! I would describe this simple yet thoroughly enjoyable game as similar to Scrabble but with cards . Each card has a letter and a corresponding point value . The object of the game is to score as many points with the words you create in each successive hand . I wo n't go into explaining the rules and how to play the game , but I will tell you that it is an extremely fun game the entire family can play . It truly is one of the best games I have seen in along while . It is so much fun that even when my friend severely beats me in a game I still enjoy playing !! Well , I have to go ... I hear her calling and I got ta play some Quiddler !
 I 've never written a review before , but I had to for Quiddler.All the accolades are extremely well deserved . You can play with just about anyone and get completely absorbed.A definite must-have !
 This game is great for lovers of Scrabble who do n't want to spend 2 hours playing a game . It is a fast but fun game that you can play with any number of people . I enjoy it becuase kids and adults alike can enjoy and learn from this game . It involves arranging your cards -LRB- with letters on them -RRB- into words . You get points based on the length of the word and the letters that you use . It helps get kids interested in spelling and vocabulary , but it is still a lot of fun for adults to play . My husband went to a bed and breakfast where they had this game , and we spent several hours of our anniversary playing Quiddler . It is very fun .
 My gang of friends loves card games , as long as they are somewhat off-the-wall -- no rummy for this crew . And we all like Quiddler . It 's a good game for times when we want something a little challenging to the intellect but not as much of a time investment as Scrabble . And the change of card numbers from hand to hand makes the game much more interesting . Even the solitaire is more fun than solitaire games with standard playing cards.The four stars on durability is because they * are * cards . They are no more or less durable than other good-quality playing cards .
 Our boys , ages 12,9 & 5 received this card game for Christmas ! We as a whole family have had lots of fun playing it . It 's a quick paced game so no one loses interest and the kids are learning things while having fun playing ! I highly recommend this for your family !
 When I first saw this card game my thought was , `` Like Scrabble , but with cards '' , and I 've never been a big fan of Scrabble . But Quiddler is a whole lot more fun than Scrabble . Players are dealt cards , 3 in the first hand , 4 in the next , up to 10 in the last hand . The idea is to use all the cards in your hand to make a word , or words , which together use all your cards . Players draw and discard until someone can do so , then the remaining players get one last chance to draw and use as many cards as they can . Scoring is based on the point value of each card used , with more uncommon letters worth more points.Reading my description may not be exciting , but the game is just plain fun . Builds your vocabulary too !
 Quiddler is the game played most often with our grandchildren and their parents !! It has increased vocabulary and math skills of the grandchildren -LRB- and their grandparents -RRB- and in the case of one has taught him to shuffle . The game is not time consuming and multiple people can play . We have `` worn '' out several decks of Quiddler since we were given it as a gift in 2000 .
 Quiddler is a fun word game . It forces the players to learn a lot of short words that they may not be familiar with through daily usage . Portable so we take it on trips .
 Quiddler is very similar to Scrabble and played with the Quiddler deck of cards.I live in a 55 + community and everyone that has been introduced to Quiddler goesout and buys the game . People have carried it back home to England , Canada etc.It is a fun game to play with your peers , friends , children and grandchildren . Teachers will find it a great way to engage children in developing spelling , grammar , dictionary and creative skills.I strongly suggest you order the 3 Decks special from Amazon as you will want togive it out as gifts . If you were given 7 cards , each one having one of the following letters on it , f h v n a u e , what two words could you make . HAVE FUN ! figuring it out .
 We love Quidler and have given it to over 20 people.It 's better than Scrabble as you have 7 different rounds to play . The cards are beautifully decorated with Celtic designs.We play most evenings before bed.Always bring it on a trip.So easy to bring .
 We have LOVED this game ! Our family plays a lot of games and I 'm always looking for something that both the youngest -LRB- age 6 -RRB- and the oldest -LRB- age 11 -RRB- will enjoy . Quiddler is challenging to every level of reader - even adults . This is has quickly become one of our favorite family games to play !
 Quiddler is a fun game , played with cards . It is easy to take with you on vacation because it does n't take much space , and can be played with 2-6 people . We 've played it a few times with friends , and it 's a pleasant , thinking game .
 I bought this for my friend 's little sister . Turns out , all of us adults had too much fun with it too . Not only was the child having fun learning , we were having fun seeing who could come up with the most creative word . I had to buy one for myself .
 This game is really a blast ! Imagine a cross between gin rummy and Scrabble , and this is somewhere in there . Each player gets five cards , and you try to make words by discarding and drawing new letter cards . The next round , you have six , then seven , etc. . Our family played this with a 10-yr-old being the youngest player who needed no help from anyone else . Trying to make words out of the letter combinations can lead to silliness , which is part of what made it so fun for us . The cards themselves are beautifully decorated with gothic-style lettering . It can be educational , too , if adults playing with kids take time to explain the meanings of words they made . This is also a game that is small enough to take on trips , and could be played in the car . We 're really happy that we bought this game !
 I 've always loved Scrabble , but friends and family members would n't play it with me -LRB- due to my highly competitive nature ! -RRB- . Quiddler is WONDERFUL !!! It gives a much more level playing field than Scrabble
 Monopoly is fun , but it takes FOREVER to play , those trivia games are too hard for the kids , Dad ca n't even draw a stick figure , let alone play Pictionary , and you do n't want to spend an hour just setting up an elaborate game and reading the instructions.So what 's the solution ? Play QUIDDLER !! Our family loves this game - you can complete a whole game in an hour or less -LRB- or you could stop half-way through and finish the game the next evening -RRB- . In Quiddler , you create words , but unlike Scrabble , it 's not always the one with the best vocabulary who gets the most points . You try to make words out of all your letters - there might be a long word which gets lots of points , but it might be little brother over there who is able to make several short words who gets the `` most words '' bonus and jumps ahead of everyone else!We played this game last night and were surprised how fast things change - someone who is way ahead after the 3rd round can be behind after the 4th . Just one round can dramatically change things!Pick a dictionary and let that be your judge on whether or not something is a word . Be sure to find the dictionary BEFORE you start playing because you 'll need it!We 've played this game with 4 , 5 , and 6 people . Anywhere from 1 to 8 people can play - now that 's a versatile game!This is one game where a child is n't necessarily at a disadvantage when playing with adults.The cards are beautiful - be sure to take time during your fun family evening to notice them!After loving this game , I bought Set for Christmas and we 're going to play this one tonight ! ... .
 this game is very easy to pick up and play right out of the box . A total of eight hands are dealt which makes the game short and sweet . We play without a dictionary which is more fun . The players vote on whether we think a word is valid and majority rules . The game really bogs down with players constantly looking up words . The first person to be able to play their whole hand , with one card as a discard , goes out and the rest of the players have one turn to put down as many words as possible . Points are scored based on letter value and some cards have more than one letter such as `` qu '' or `` cl '' . You lose points for letters that ca n't be played . You cant play your cards on another players word . Highest score after 8 hands is the winner . Spelling and game usually do n't go well together but this is a fun game for any age . I personally like Five crowns better .
 Everyone at our house is looking for the dictionary to help find the best word to use the cards we have been dealt or have drawn . Because it is always challenging -LRB- and to avoid disputes -RRB- we would recommend the Scrabble Dictionary or a good pocket dictionary as a traveling companion to Quiddler.The progressive play of the cards -LRB- from 3 to 10 cards -RRB- changes the dynamics as you begin each round of play and creates new challenges each turn . Perhaps our family is not as competitive as some but we enjoy helping each player optimize the letters -LRB- cards -RRB- s/he is caught with after the first player goes down . We can all join in finding the best combinaton of words from each players hand to give him/her the best score with the available cards . It is interesting how many options can be found with the same set of letters ... very educational and a lot of fun.I like the solitaire version also ... if I have no-one else to play with .
 `` Quiddler , '' not exactly a household word , but guaranteed , five years from now it will roll off tongues as easily as `` Scrabble . '' Like Scrabble , Quiddler is a word game where points are scored by letters used in spelling words ; unlike Scrabble , it 's played with cards in a sequence of eight hands , which makes it a quicker game . The deck is portable , great to throw in the suitcase for a trip . Playing in the car or on a plane is no problem . A couple of hands of Quiddler while your child waits to see a doctor or dentist provide a distraction as well as entertain . Quiddler challenges every age group from age 8 and can be played by just adults , just kids , or a mixture without losing its appeal . I could go on about Quiddler 's educational value , vocabulary building , but the bottom line in playing games is the question , `` Will I have Fun ? '' For Quiddler , the answer a simple `` Indeed . ''
 My family started out playing Five Crowns -LRB- by the same company -RRB- but now Quiddler is our favorite game . Making words is much more challenging than compiling runs or sequences of numbers , and sometimes you come up with some hilarious combinations of words in a single hand . Fast paced and challenging , without being too complicated , Quiddler is one of the best games I have ever played -LRB- and I 'm not much of a game player ! -RRB-
 I have been playing Quiddler for several months . This is a fast-paced game . It 's a lot of fun and challenging too . The more you play the game , the more aware you become of words since the difficult letters , such as J , Z , Q , and V and W , have higher point values . I am admittedly very competitive when playing games . I find that as I am reading books or the newspaper , I focus on words that contain letters with the higher point values , then I try to use these new words when I am playing the game . What a wonderful way to increase your vocabulary and spelling capabilities . I recommend this game for kids as young as 4 or 5 but as a perennial kid ten times that age , I have a lot of fun playing Quiddler ! This game should be in all of the classrooms too -- let 's get kids hooked on Quiddler -- a great way to improve their English skills . Marie Wilson , Fountain Hills AZ
 Word games can be intimidating if you do n't have a great vocabulary , but do n't let that scare you away from this GREAT game . Instead of kicking yourself for not having a great word , concentrate on strategy . Be the first one to put your word -LRB- s -RRB- down . Or hold off until someone else does and then see if you can steal a bonus away from them . Put on your poker face and keep the others guessing.You earn bonus points for having the longest word or the most words . That makes simple words work for you . Just pray you do n't get stuck with a fistful of consonants without vowels!This is a favorite family game . It 's fast paced and do n't take a whole lot of time to play a round . There 's nothing complicated about it so it 's easy to bring along when you travel . A word to the wise
 I bought this game as a gift for my parents - age 82 and 83 - and they have played it non stop . My Dad was becoming very discouraged with his ability to remember things . He now has a new lease on life since he finally beat my mother , the excellent wordsmith . I 've enjoyed playing it with them - it 's a challenge .
 Santa gave Quiddler to my 10-yr . old ; my 10-yr . old gave Quiddler to me for Christmas ... and then there were two ! We have had so much fun playing this game . It is quick enough that nobody gets bored . Vocabulary has grown ; we frequently -LRB- silently -RRB- think of possible Quiddler words while going about our normal busy days . The best thing ? My 10-year old finally has a game at which she can win ... and I 'm a professional wordmeister ! And as a side note , this game really solidifies double -LRB- and triple -RRB- digit addition . This would be a great game for classroom freetime -LRB- Grades 3-12 -RRB- .
 I bought my first Quiddler game at a mall during Christmas season 3-4 years ago . I enjoyed it so much I returned and bought 2 more for my daughters . The game is a lot of fun .
 Lots of fun to play ! We are all adult ladies , senior citizens , and we love this game . It is challenging and keeps your mind active .
 For those who enjoy stretching their verbal abilities a little bit and doing puzzles , Quiddler is a great addition to the games closet . It is a quick learn , easy to play , and more accessible and portable than most other word games . Easy enough for children , clever enough for adults .
 I was very pleased with the quiddler card games that I ordered . Delivery was fast and the packaging was secure . Thank you .
 i saw people playing this card game Quiddler and was excited to learn about it since it is so portable / convenient to pack for travel yet similar to Scrabble - which i love But then i could not find this game in local stores so i was pleased to find it on Amazon It arrived in a timely fashion and brand new and reasonably priced
 We absolutely LOVE Quiddler ! We play this card game with all ages including my 9 and 12 year old as well as my friends and parents . As someone who was raised doing `` jumble '' word scramble , Quiddler allows you to use your creative side to rearrange the cards until you have them all used up . We adapted the rules to make it more fun and do not award extra points to whoever goes out first . We play simple rules and at times help each other out . After all , we love the challenge and educational factor of the game . I bought several decks to put in my `` gift closet '' for giving out to friends for birthdays and such . I also gave a deck to my son 's 3rd grade teacher for the kids to play on inside recess days . It helps with spelling , addition , and vocabulary ! Huge Quiddler fan !
 I recently purchased Quiddler after looking for some new games here at Amazon . The entire family plays it and we love it . My 10-year-old grandson , who is not a big fan of spelling or school work in general , asks to play this game and holds his own among the adults , with some occasional minor help . I also have played the solitaire version of the game . Much more fun than regular Solitaire . Glad I got it . Recommend it highly .
 This game is wonderful . My kids love it . And the older kids - with more vocabulary - do not necessarily have an advantage over the younger ones . My youngest - the eight year old - has won the last three rounds . Highly recommended .
 I bought this game as a gift for my husband . We love it ! The rules are n't too complicated . It is lots of fun , even with just two playing . There are 8 rounds in a game , and they can be played in under an hour-so you can play even when there is n't loads of time . Great for slightly older kids , too . High quality cards and interesting calligraphy .
 Awesome game anyone who can spell -LRB- over age 7 ? -RRB- can play . We use the dictionary to check our words when we play . My parents play it at least three times a week , and we play on holidays . It is quick and easy to understand .
 What a blast we have had with the QUIDDLER word game . It is great fun for adults and a learning tool for kids too . I have played the game in both adult only or adult/kid settings and the game is suspenseful and creative for all involved . Buy a dictionary and ENJOY !!
 Quiddler is a great game that we have played with up to 8 people and with children from 5 and up . Everyone seems to enjoy the word building skills required and you will be happy to see your kids argue over spelling and run to pull out a dictionary !
 Making up words and being challenged is part of the fun of this game . And not having to go back more than zero points in a hand is very hopeful in playing catchup after a lousy hand . Young and old -LRB- er -RRB- will enjoy this game .
 This is a fun game . We play it all the time . This is a quick game and if you like scrabble or other word games you will really like this game .
 This is the best game I 've ever played . We love it & have two decks in the house , one in the camper & one in a suitcase . I 've given it to all my children & grandchildren . My husband & I play it with a Latin dictionary and allow foreign words , but he cheats and uses crossword clues . -LRB- -
 I 've been searching high and low for games/toys for my mother who suffers from bouts of dementia and has some hand-eye coordination issues . This is a `` game '' that she does n't feel like a 3 year old while playing ... and it keeps her mind nimble . It is fun !
 We recently bought Quiddler and took it with us to our TV-free summer rental house . It became the hit of the vacation - we -LRB- two adults , one 10-year-old -RRB- had to play it every morning before setting off . I agree with the previous reviewers who said that the game is great for a mixed age group , because of the various ways to get bonus points , either most words or longest word.The game is a good combination of luck , skill , and strategy . And , the cards are gorgeous .
 I bought this for my 7-yr . old nephew who loves scrabble and word games and loves to strategize . He has really enjoyed it ! Since the family travels a lot , I also thought it would be good for the road . One problem we found , however . If only two players are involved and each ends up with 2 cards in their hand , there is no way for either player to go out if you must discard a card . So , we played by letting the first to make a word with 2 cards go out . Had anyone else noticed this ?
 This game is great fun . It is easy to play and is great for up to eight players . Old and young alike can play and enjoy . I would purchase again .
 This is a very fun game ! I play this with my 10 and 7 year old children and we all like it . It is also a very fun game for adults to play too !! I highly recommend buying this game !! And it 's very portable too !!
 We ordered this game after my sister in law introduced it to us . It 's kind of like Scrabble with cards . I bought another for a Christmas gift .
 This game will be great for the grandkids . While they are having fun , it will be educational too.family game
 This game is very fun . Takes some thinking and that makes things interesting . I feel it 's a little overpriced , even on sale , because it 's basically just 2 decks of cards .
 I 've played this game with young and old . I 've played it in groups of three to eight . It 's always fun and it makes you feel smart !
 My family ca n't get enough of this game . Makes you think and learn , all while having a great time . We 've gone through deck after deck , like all cards they wear out , but always have a deck ready to use . Was a huge hit at last year 's family reunion , I should get a commission on games sold !
 I was introduced to Quiddler by a friend whose enthusiasm for this `` after dinner '' game was infectious . I now play it several times a month , learning the definitions of words I 've never known and finding the strategy of increasing your word score a delight . I gave it as a Christmas present to my sister 's family . They played it with a larger number of players and had a fabulous time . The game 's description as being a faster version of Scrabble is accurate . So if you enjoy Scrabble , you 'll love this game .
 As I noted in my title , I think that 's the best way to describe this game . Letters that are more difficult to use have higher point values , though there are some `` Qu '' cards vs. just a `` Q '' card , but that also makes a difference in points . It 's quick to play , easy to catch on to and very portable . Scrabble is one of my favorite games , but takes seemingly forever to play - this provides a very enjoyable word game experience .
 If you have ever played Five Crowns this one is for you . Same concept as Five Crowns only spelling words instead of using numbers . It makes you think a little more than Five Crowns but was a lot of fun
 Our family had a chance to play this game last year at a relatives house . When I spotted it for sale this year while looking for Christmas presents I was so excited ! It 's a little hard for my younger kids to come up with words but they always seem to do it . Overall a fun and educational game !
 This game is great for kids and adults ! We take it on every family vacation , and all 3 generations have a great time playing ! Not to mention that it helps expands kids vocabulary and spelling ability . Highly recommend it !
 Friends recommended this game . . it 's fun easily to learn and play ... we like that it 's small we keep it in our RV ! ~ Quiddler ... is something I 'm glad we discovered ... play it for hours and never get bored ! ~
 I got Quiddler as a gift when I was a little kid , probably over 12 years ago . It 's a great game , and I still love to play it ! An absolutely fantastic addition to any game collection .
 First of all , I LOVE playing this game . It 's fun , challenging , and I can hold onto my cards , `` trading-up '' points by re-making words already made instead of being the first to go out . After all , being the first to get rid of all your cards does n't make ANY difference in your score . So , by all means , hang onto them , change a 5 point word into a 10 point word with the bonus for most letters used.Now , that 's ME , my FAMILY , however , made me give the game to Granny so I could n't force them to play anymore . I blame the internet . It takes a little fun out of the game when everyone is on dictionary.com via their iPod , Kindle Fire or Android phone trying for the `` most words used '' bonus by seeing if `` mu '' - or some other random letters - are a word . AND it takes forever to play that way . Sounds ridiculous ? It is , especially considering how well read my family is.In short , this is a super fun game , if you can get your family to unplug for while . My mistake was agreeing that Dictionary.com could be their crutch . Learn from my mistake !
 Fast shippper ! thanks , ca n't wait to play the game , got for some nuns . well packaged , received on time , thanks.love the games by this maker
 We purchased this game based on some family members that raved about it . They were right . It 's fun , and can be a bit challenging -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- at times . It 's great for kids , because they can improve their spelling and vocab with it , too . We 've played quite a few games of this and it does not get boring ! And , it 's extremely portable . Love !
 This game has been tons of fun for our family . We have kids ages 7 and 9 and they have enjoyed played this with us and with Grandma too . I highly recommend it for your family too !
 I think this game is one that every family should have because it creates family time together which seems to be lacking today & keeps the mind active & helps all to spell , especially children or grand children .
 Quiddler is a challenging game that is easy to learn and fun to play . We ordered this game to help with my husbands recuperation from his 3rd heart attack . It helps with his thinking and eye , hand coordination . This game is also exciting becase you do not know who will win until the last hand is played . For example the other night he was winning by 28 points but in the last hand I ended up with a quick go out hand and he was stuck with a lot of high cards and so I won but only by 3 points . It is a lot of fun , very exciting and is challenging . It is a good game to teach little ones about math skills , matching numbers , and matching colors . It is a good kids game and well as adults . I would highly recommend this game to anyone and I do so every day at work .
 Great game to play with a friend at a coffee house ! It looks like an easy game , but it is similar to scrabble .
 Haha ! We love this game ! It was introduced to us and we immediately went home and searched Amazon to be able to purchase a set for ourselves . Great condition ! Love it !
 My wife and I absolutely love this game . We like Scrabble , but never know if it will be a fun game or one where it is just 2 hours of frustration because the board is tight . Quiddler still has the same anagramming type game play , but no frustration . It works great for 2-6 people , including kids . Since you can use multiple short words or a single long word to use up your cards , there is no reason a child with limited vocabulary could n't play this game with some success . Just buy it , it is a cheap game and will get tons of use if you like word games .
 easy and quick to learn.can be played over and over again with different groups of people . fun if you have only 1 other person or 6 others :-RRB- good game . this is almost the same as Five Crowns
 Quiddler is a word game using cards . Much like a rummy games - players build words in a ten hand game . Good spelling workout !
 This game has every advantage . You can play with 2 or more players . The ease of creating any size word , which is great for a wide range of ages , It is not all `` luck of the draw '' but requires thinking ahead to play your best hand . If you like games , words , strategic thinking or just having fun , learning how to play this is easy and amusing !
 I played this game on vacation with some friends , it has become a family favorite and we love to share it with all our friends . They are all hooked too !
 We have a family of game players and crossword puzzlw addits . We loved the game .
 love this game . its fun and teaches your to explore new words . highly recommended for a family night game .
 Great game to learn and fun to play . Order was easy and arrived quickly . -LRB- It was a gift for a family member -RRB- . Great service .
 An excellent game that enhances vocabulary , exercises use of the dictionary , and gives an appreciation of the abilities of the English language .
 We have played this game for hours . It is easy to learn and easy to take places .
 What a great way to practice spelling ! Faster than Scrabble and makes you think in small and big words . Good family fun !
 We enjoyed , very much , playing this game . It works well for two or for a larger group . It also works for people of various ages and skills . It stretches the verbal skills of all players .
 A friend who is a teacher recommended this game to me . Nice thing is you can play it anywhere since it is just a deck of cards . I played it with my 13 year old niece and she liked it too . It is a bit like scrabble where you make words for points . Try it !!!
 Games with our family and even games with friends have become very competitive . Through 8 rounds each player must utilize as many of the cards in his hand as he can by making words out of them . This is basically like scrabble in your hand , but you have to try to use all of your letters at once instead of in individual turns and you do not play off words made by other players . You are on your own to turn your cards into words.It 's a fun game that can be played for hours . I will admit that when we play we keep a dictionary nearby for help . Cheating ? Maybe . But it makes the game more fun . And it is always funny when you get to use a word you learned playing Quiddler and you get to laugh when you remember how you learned it.When my family gets together Quiddler comes out of the box . We do n't have anyone younger than 23 at this point . I am not sure this game would be fun to play across generations when younger people were involved . The gaps in vocabulary may be to wide . But we have a good time when we play . Our vocabularies are all equally small ! -LRB- Except Mom 's ; she always wins . -RRB-
 I bought this card game mostly because of the great reviews it received from other customers . I was not disappointed . My 10 year old son and I have tons of fun playing this game , along with Five Crowns , which we bought previously . If you like word games like Boggle , I would highly recommend this card game .
 This was the most fun , I 've seen people having at a card table in a long time . I am a blind person and I brailled the cards . The sighted and the visually impaired all had a great time and we were able to play on a equal ground .
 I bought this game for family game nights over the holidays . It was an absolute hit . I was a little leery about purchasing a card game based on internet recommendations alone , but rest assured this game is well worth it . If you like word games , Quiddler is sure to be a winner . The game is very simple to learn and does n't require a long time to play .
 I bought this as a gift for my 9 year old daughter and we love it . We 've played it together a few times and it 's a lot of fun and it 's great for learning . Playing the game with me is helping her learn bigger words and reinforcing words she already knows and can spell . I would recommend it to any one that wants a fun and educational toy for their child . It 's also a great way to spend quality time with your child as they learn and have fun .
 We have been playing Quiddler for years and are always introducing friends and family to this fun game . I purchased 4 to give out for Christmas gifts . Even sent one to Italy this year . It 's a nice balance of luck and skill . If you like scrabble , you 'll like Quiddler . It 's a shorter , less intense game and helps everyone work on word skills .
 this is a good way to help kids with spelling . it 's fun for adults as well . at thanksgiving last year , about 10 of us sat around and played for about 2 hours .
 I was first introduced to Quiddler several years ago , and it was love at first play . This is a fun word game that my kids describe as Scrabble with cards . Now everyone in our extended family plays , teenagers and their friends , our married kids have passed it on to their families , and I 've passed it on to other friends and their families as well . There is enough friendly competition to keep it interesting as you work through levels , forming words with from 3 to 10 cards . You can play with as few as 2 and as many as ??? . A few months ago we had a tournament with 8 people playing in 2 sets of 4 . Our cards have almost worn out from all of the use they get . I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys word games and a little friendly rivalry .
 it is a great game to play in the evening with the entire family it is one night away from the tv
 My bibliofile family just LOVES this game ! We 've played it with kids from 8 to 80 . It reminds me of Scrabble , but with cards , so it 's more portable . This is really a fun game for friends and family to play !
 If you love words and word games , then Quiddler is for you . The game moves fairly quickly , so you can play round after round in an evening . It 's absolutely addictive ! Having a good dictionary handy is recommended . Quiddler is easy to learn so there 's none of that tedious wading through mounds of instructions before you can get going . You can be playing five minutes after you open the box !
 This is a fun family game that is somewhat challenging . It helps to know a lot of 2-letter words . We used a Scrabble cheat sheet that made it much easier for young and old , novice or pro .
 I ordered Quiddler for my classroom -LRB- high school -RRB- . I love playing it with my students . It 's a great tool for improving spelling . My students like to play the game , and often ask to use it . A wonderful product . Kay
 This is a very easy to learn and fun game for all ages -LRB- including grandmothers -RRB- enjoyed playing this very much and did not require a lot of time for each game . If you like word games you will love this one .
 I found this game on line and read the description and decided for the price it would be great game for my daughter 's 8th birthday . Her dad , myself and her play it all the time . It is fast so it can be played in the evenings after homework . My daughter is increasing her vocabulary because being competitive she wants to be the one with the longest or most words so she constantly looking in the dictionary to find words to use up her letters . It is very simple to play and figure out and it is quick to play . Keeps the kids interest ! I have since then recommended to every parent I know to buy it for Christmas .
 This is such a fun game and much easier on the kids than scrabble . It was cheaper online than at ToysRus . If you like scrabble you will love this game only here you play with cards so no tiles to lose . My kids are 16 , 13 , 11 and 8 and all of them enjoy this game . It may be too hard for children under 8 though .
 Our 10-year-old son enjoys this game and that is a true testament to this games value . It leads to interesting discussions about words , their meaning , history , derivations , slang , etc. that can be both informative and fun . We tend to help him out a bit when hands are played if we see an obvious word that he is missing that we think he probably knows . The playing field does turn out to be fairly even so all have fun and feel equal .
 My my son has been playing this game since he was 6 -LRB- he is 9 now -RRB- . We brought this to our friends house for dinner because and th adults ended up sitting up until midnight playing with the kids staring over our shoulders !
 My daughters are 8 and 10 , and ALL of us love playing this game . Because there are bonus points for the longest word AND for the most short words , both kids and grownups can win big points . Both of my girls usually pooh-pooh `` educational '' games , but they love this one , and it had definitely improved their spelling . We 've had it for about six months and I 've been recommending it to everyone .
 This game is great fun and very educational . Not only have I learned new words , but I have also learned to correctly spell words I thought I knew . I also enjoy the solitare version of this game , though playing with other is more fun . I would definately recommend this game , especially to those who enjoy word/letter games such as crosswords etc. .
 This is the game where Scrabble meets Rummy , with a touch of Hooked on Phonics thrown in for good measure . Quiddler is certain to entertain you for hours . This game will help sharpen your vocabulary skills in a short period of time.The game progresses from 3 card hands to 10 card hands , and point increase accordingly . You have to constantly be thinking of words and new words as the play continues . Once you start playing you start thinking , a refreshing change in a game.Quiddler is a true family game game that will certainly challenge even the smartest . You can take this game on the road , camping or even flying and have a great time . For those on a price consciuos budget , this game fits right in.About the only drawback is the fact that once you discard the card is gone . I think adding a `` rummy '' like rule of taking all the cards might add for more competition and higher scores . overall this game is sure be a party favorite .
 Quiddler is a deceptively simple word game . You can learn the rules while you play the first deal ; after that the challenge is to maximize your score with the letter cards you 're dealt or have drawn . Each letter has a point value , and there are extra points for making the longest word or the most words in a round . A game takes from 20-40 minutes.Anyone who can read and write can play , but it 's more fun with players whose language skills are approximately equal .
 Over the holidays we had this game in almost constant play . Because you do n't get more points because of how complicated your words are , the 7 year old can play her 3 and 4 letter words right up against the aunts and uncles and grandparents . We played games with 2 players up to about 6 or 7 players , singles and teams . I even snuck in a game of the solataire version one night when everyone else had gone to bed ! All numbers of groups worked well . This was a really wonderful family game that I know we will play again and again .
 On A recent trip to visit a friend in San Diego , my 16 year old grand daughter and i were introduced to Quiddler . we played this game several times each night and could not wait to get home to order some . I ordered 5 games , one for my friend , my sister , myself , my daughter and her family and one to spare . This gane appeals to every age group form my 7 year old grand son to my 77 year old mother . This is a great family game . Did you know that QUA is a word .
 My only complaint is there 's so many cards , it 's hard to shuffle . Have only played `` solitaire '' version of this so far , which is fun . Have yet to win . If you like Scrabble , you would probably like this card game . It 's gin rummy , only with letters .
 I play this game with some of the students that I tutor and they love it !
 I had never heard of Quiddler before I noticed it in Amazon.com . I read the reviews and decided to give it a shot . Well , when we opened this at Thanksgiving , we played it for hours and hours . Then we found the directions and played it for hours more . I have had to purchase 4 more games for people who want this game . One I know , will be going to school with a 6th grade teacher . A real help with spelling . Our 12 and 13 year olds were begging to play again .
 Much easier than Scrabble for the younger kids . And rules can be slightly modified to make it more challenging or make the game go faster .
 I got this because I enjoyed Five Crowns so much . They are somewhat similar and I was not at all disappointed . It is a fun and addictive word game that anyone would like .
 My family played this game at a reunion and it was a blast so we ordered us our own game . Played it while traveling on the trains through Europe and loved it . Also played it with friends who loved it so much I gave it to them for Christmas . This game is a blast and will make you think . So much better than playing Scrabble ... why do it with cards
 It is a word game , but unlike some word games -LRB- such as Scrabble -RRB- , it is good for anyone , not just word mavens .
 This is a great educational game . I would recommend it to anyone . My 10 year old grandson and I love playing it .
 My brother had purchased his Quiddler game elsewhere and paid nearly $ 20 . Thanks to your company , I pad about $ 8 . LUcky me !
 This is a great game for all ages . There is a lot of interaction in this game unlike what another reviewer has said . There are constant challenges as to whether a word actually is a word or not . It can be very educational & funny to learn the new words or see what players will try to pass off as words . If you 're the kind of person who memorizes the dictionary for fun , this game may not be for you .
 GOOD VALUE FOR A GOOD GAME . FAST MOVINGT , SIT ON THE COUCH FOR 2 HANDEDRULES COULD USE SOME REFINEMENTS
 I 've been playing the online version of Quiddler for a while and was very excited to receive the cards as a gift . The cards are quite beautiful to look at -LRB- the Celtic manual script lettering is a very nice touch in contrast to conventional playing cards -RRB- as well as being fun -LRB- nice challenge to have a `` q '' by itself -RRB- . They are printed on a decently sturdy paper but I do n't recommend shuffling them by bending them.I enjoy the solitaire and the multiplayer game -LRB- plays a bit like Gin Rummy -RRB- , but wish there are more variations . Since this is a deck of cards with letters on them , it seems to me that more than one game could be played with them and was disapointed that only one multi-player and one solitaire game was included with the cards.But all in all , this is a great game for word game lovers . It 's quick paced and rewards finding both many words and long words .
 What I like best about Quiddler is that it can be played by several age levels at one time . Since you get points for the most words formed and/or the longest word formed in each round , it levels the playing field considerably . Little children who can only think of words like `` of '' , `` the '' , `` at '' , and so on , can still win ! We also like to add another scoring option to our Quiddler game playing
 I bought this game for my grandmother , who was deaf . We had such a great time playing it with her that we bought another one for my husband 's family and my parents . There is some strategy involved which changes over the course of the game as the number of cards/letters handed out changes , but it is not so complicated that you wo n't pick it up right away ! It 's a near-perfect way to spend several hours with friends or family !
 My family of 6 loves to play games and usually dedicates one night a week for a game night . We range in age from 7 to 44 , with a couple of teens , a tween , and a first grader . We have loved all of the SET games we have purchased , Quiddler , 5 Crowns , SET ... For a family that enjoys games together these are all great . If you would like to add to your games collection others that are fun to play are : Blink -LRB- for younger ones -RRB- Fil-or-BustSkip-Bo -LRB- ***** -RRB- Wizard -LRB- ***** -RRB- UNO -LRB- especially UNO attack -RRB- -LRB- ***** -RRB- Pass the Pigs -LRB- great for adding and can be played anywhere -RRB- Canasta -LRB- ***** -RRB- -LRB- my 14 yr old daughter added the star ratings for her favs -RRB- .
 Good game for Scrabble lovers if you are
 I bought this card game for my mom for Christmas . Everyone in my family loves it , from my 10 year old son , to my 73 year old Dad . My mom and dad play it every night of the week now . They 've never done anything like that before . Dad always got impatient with scrabble and other word games because they take a long time . This game is fast paced and lots of fun . I 'm on the web site right now , buying another deck for my brother and one to have at our home too .
 Quiddler is a great little game that makes the players think and stretches their vocabularies . Keep a dictionary handy though.I have only two reasons for not giving the game a five star rating across the board :1 -RRB- If you get the wrong combination of cards -LRB- mostly consonants or vowels -RRB- , you can easily ... lose major points .2 -RRB- The later rounds of the game can get excruciatingily long with a large group . I usually play a game of six or seven rounds . Two games of six rounds lasts about as long as one game of eight rounds and is much more fun .
 Quiddler is a fantastic game ! We 've played it with different numbers of players and it works well on all levels . It 's nice that you do n't have to be a word genius to win ! Each player has an equal chance regardless of age or word ability . There is strategy involved which definately helps , but if you do n't get the right letters , it does n't matter what your strategy is . I would recommend this game to anyone . It can be played time and time again . Everyone we 've introduced it to loves it !
 Do you love to take the twenty-six letters of our alphabet and combine them to make words ? If you said `` yes '' , than Quiddler -LRB- not to be confused with the wizard sport Quidditch in the Harry Potter books -RRB- is for you . In this fun but challenging card game , players attempt to be the first player to make a REAL word -LRB- excluding names -RRB- out of the cards delt to them . But the catch is that with every turn , the player must discard a card , and every card has an assigned value . So be careful what you discars!This game is great for future or current writers to expand or enrich their knowlege of words to put in their books , but it can also be fun for the unable writer who can benift from this game by gaining valueable knowlege of simple and complex words.Also , try Scrabble -LRB- or , for the young one , Scrabble Jounior -RRB- to enrich vocabulary in a fun , unique , and special way !
 Quiddler is a fun game and a great way to keep your brain cells active ! It 's a combination of Scrabble and gin rummy and can be played by children and adults together .
 Wonderful educational game for all ages except preschool . Challenging enough for adult to enjoy . Order was received very quickly and in perfect condition .
 I love word games , and this game is a lot of fun to play . It moves quickly so can be played faster than , say , a game of scrabble . The cards themselves are beautiful and , being a card game , it is easily packable/portable .
 Played this at my son and daughter-in-laws , liked it so well had to find it and buy it .
 Bought this game for a trip and threw it in my carry on bag . Very compact . Played it with 3 other friends for the first time and we all loved it . The possibilities to make up words are endless and you learn to use the dictionary all over again . It can be played by children also as it starts out with 3 letter words . Would highly recommend this product .
 This is a great , fun and educational card game for the whole family . My sister played this with my kids -LRB- aged 17 and 15 -RRB- and they came home raving about it . I ordered mine and love it . My kids have learned so many new words and their math skills are improving at the same time . But the best thing about this game is ... it 's fun . Enjoy .
 Quiddler is a great game . It 's fun and any one from about 7 and up can play . It is a game that would be fun for the whole family . It moves quickly .
 Enjoyed playing Quiddler with adults who are Scrabble hounds . The game would also be fun for kids , especially the three letter word portion for the younger set . The game keeps your attention and does n't take forever to finish . It is more interesting because of the progressive challenges .
 This is a great game !! Our family and extended family really enjoy playing this game . Our children 's vocabulary has grown as they have tried to make new words and used the dictionary . Our extended family plays on holidays , college Enlgish majors make the game really interesting . Intellectuals love it and make the game even more challenging . The smarter you are the more interesting the game . To begin with we did play with our cards in view for the kids to really get a handle on it . It does take kids , even smart ones some time to learn to think flexibily in rearranging letters to create words , but once they catch on it 's amazing !!!
 What a great way to keep my son learning both in school and out . He introduced our family to this game after playing at school during indoor recess . We like the way it helps build vocabulary for the younger ones and stretches our strategy skills for the older ones . You try to find long words or multiple words using the cards you have with each letter being worth points . The longer you play , the more cards you get in each round . Board games take up so much space , so it 's nice to have a small deck of cards to pull out of a drawer with the same impact on fun -LRB- if not more -RRB- .
 My 6 year old granddaughter and my 81 year old mother both have fun playing Quiddler ! It truly spans the generations , and the kids like the way they often win when playing with adults.Suggestion
 I bought this game for my husband , but we all enjoy this as a family .
 Had never heard of this game but after reading other reviews decided to buy it and give it a try . Lot 's of fun to play , game is fairly short so you 're not stuck playing it forever either .
 This game is great ! Both my 5 year old and my 15 year old play this -LRB- together -RRB- . The educational value , along with the fun , make this a must have game !
 Fun , stimulating , educational . What more can you say for a game at this price . Good for children learning to spell , great for adults and a good brain challenge to come up with longer and more complex words . Used with or without a dictionary , its a fun game and brings family and friends together .
 QuiddlerI bought this as a gift for my husband . I like the fact that the game allows us to play as a couple -LRB- or even solitaire -RRB- or add the kids without sacrificing fun .
 My family loves to play Quiddler . All ages can enjoy this game . My son is in First grade and begs to play this game every night . This is a great way for him to figure out words from the cards in his hand . Hours of fun are guaranteed with this game for the entire family to enjoy !
 What a great idea ! I love Scrabble , but even in the magnetic portable versions , it 's not quite as portable as I 'd like . Cards are much easier to carry and there 's less likelihood of losing a card from a deck than a letter from Scrabble.Both the multi-player and the Solitaire options of this game are a lot of fun . Plus , there 's excellent educational value in both learning to spell and strategize.I 'm hoping the company brings out a version of this game for my iPhone . It 's a lot of fun and I enjoy the different challenge.Rebecca Kyle , February 2009
 We have a lot of company in our home and we ordered several sets of `` Quiddler '' . The ages are from 40 to 90 and it is game to have an enjoyable time . The people love it .
 If you like word games , this is a great way to have fun with up to 8 people . The game goes fast and everyone has a fine time .
 Quiddler is a wonderful game and each time I play it with different people they ask me where they can buy it . It is an uncomplicated fun game for up to eight people who can spell words . Sort of like a Scrabble game played with cards .
 I love to play scrabble , but have a hard time finding people to play . Then I found Quiddler ! It helps fulfill that Scrabble fix with people who may not want to committ to the time of a full Scrabble game . And you can play this game on the go . I played it with a friend on a stadium bench . There are also rules for a solitare version ; I have yet to try this mode . Anyway , I highly suggest this game for anyone that loves Scrabble or wordsmithing games .
 Our neighbours introduced us to Quiddler lending us the game for a road trip . The 5 of us on the trip played the game again and again and just loved it . I 've bought copies of the game for friends / family birthdays because it 's educational , fun , easy to play and addictive . Generally I 'm not a huge games player and used to detest Scrabble but absolutely love playing this game , all ages can play -LRB- once they can read / write -RRB- . Great fun .
 I bought this game for my granddaughters birthday and she loved it.She played it with her friends , both boys & girls , and they had a lot of fun seeing who could make the best words . It is a game the whole family can play . This game is n't just fun it is educational also . If you like scrabble you should like quiddler
 Quiddler is like Scrabble played with cards . It makes you think . The more I play the more creative I am with words . During the eight rounds of play , the score changes back and forth so you never know who will eventually win . It would be great family game but my husband and I are alone so we play and have a lot of fun . Ca n't wait for the grandchildren to visit . It is a game we will play with them .
 Quiddler is a great game -- the original version works for a group of mixed ages -LRB- where being the oldest and wisest is not always a secret to success ! -RRB- Winning this game depends on the luck of the draw and the ability to see strategic plays -LRB- e.g. , waiting to go out so you can compare the benefit of laying down `` be '' `` at '' and `` gin '' to get a bonus for most words or laying down `` beating '' to get a bonus for the longest word -RRB- . My family made up a variation that is more like rummy ... and that 's a lot of fun too . Once you have the cards , you can find many ways to use them.The only downside -- we play so much that the cards have to be replaced now and again .
 I bought this card game for my daughters , ages 10 and 11 . Our whole family has had a blast playing it , and the age of the player is not necessarily an advantage/disadvantage . My husband and I frequently play when the kids are doing something else . We play a lot of Phase 10 , which moves too slow for me . This game moves faster .
 Quiddler is SO much fun ! It 's easy to learn , moves quickly , and can be enjoyed by anyone - even if you 're not a `` word '' person . Even people who hate Scrabble enjoy Quiddler , mainly because it 's easy to score points , and you do n't have to know lots of big words ! It 's a must have in anyone 's game closet !
 I was pleasantly surprised by this game . We broke this out at our holiday party . A half a dozen people who had never played Quiddler before sat down , learned the rules in about two minutes and really enjoyed the game . Then , when those people got up to socialize , a half dozen more people who had never played Quiddler before sat down in their places . They learned the rules in two minutes and really enjoyed the game . That says it all .
 My daughter and I have played this game over and over since we got it . You never know what will come up . You may be ahead and wham ! It 's fast or take your time . You can teach the young children to think about things before they act and us older ... really older . . ha causes you to have to take another look and think before you act as well . I usually do not play games but this is just different . Without giving it all away this game brings you out dormat and works your brain yet does n't tax you and not want to play anymore . It will without a doubt help you with your young ones to process and think on many age levels and still have fun with it . If you could have only seen the hands I was dealt ... I would think ... Oh good grief ... no use ! But sure enough it begins to build right before your eyes and wow ... I 've got something ! Cool !
 Item was a Christmas gift for my aunt , who had played it in October while on a trip with friends and she loved it .
 I bought SET for all of my adult children for Christmas , and purchased all three -LRB- SET , Quiddler and Five Crowns -RRB- for myself . My whole family enjoyed Quiddler more than SET and even my husband , who will never play cards , loves it ! We went on a cruise and he insisted we take Quiddler with us . We played by ourselves and with some other folks we met there . It was a huge success -LRB- for those few down times we all need from time to time -RRB- . You will NOT be sorry you bought this . We varied the rules a bit - no dictionary lookup before your turn , only on a challenge . This makes it move along more quickly . You can not predict which person will do well - it is not predictable !!
 This has become a ritual at our house . Every schoolday morning since my son was 7 -LRB- he 's now 10 -RRB- we 've made it part of our routine to play a game while we 're eating breakfast and waiting for the bus . QUIDDLER has become the game of choice , replacing chess . -LRB- He 's gotten bored with that since I ca n't beat him anymore ! -RRB- The beauty of this game is that we can get in one or two hands on some mornings , and seven or eight on others . Either way , we canb easily pick up where we left off the next morning . Also , becasue it awards bonuses for longest word and most words , the size of your vocabulary is n't always an asset . My son has won many games with his vocabulary ; he steals the `` most word bonus '' with 3-4 letter words while I 'm trying to get the right letter -LRB- s -RRB- to spell `` combustion '' or some other long word!Buy it today ; you wo n't be disappointed !
 This game is great if your players have different levels of word skills . There are bonuses both for the longest word and for the most words in each round -LRB- lots of little words -RRB- so there is a chance for the non-wordy people to compete !
 My husband and I love Quiddler ! We have enjoyed sharing the game with friends . We play a few times a week .
 I bought this game for my 12 yr . old grandaugher . So far we have not used it , so I ca n't say how much she likes it . It looks like it will be fun though and educational .
 A most enjoyable stimulating game for family or with friends!A must for a respite from video games .
 We just keep playing it . It 's a hit with the kids too .
 This is the best to get card players to play a word game . If you love Scrabble but can never get the card players to play with you , this is the game to have !
 I am writing to advise you that I will buy no more products from you until you rework your website to make it user friendly . AS it is now a shopper can not view all items in the cart until checkout only to find errors then try to delete items or quantities -- it 's a nightmare resulting in recieving the wrong items and amounts . i thought i ordered 2 authors games and 1 women authors game only to open my package to find 3 authors games and no womens authors.Wayne Bacon
 This is a game that can be equally intriguing for the 8 year old as well as the 80 year old . All can play on a par level and have an equal chance of winning . I 've given and recommended this game to so many others that when I went on the site to order another copy today , I found out that it 's out of stock ! Much more fun than Scrabble and a much faster game . Teaches and amuses . What more can one ask .
 General Commentary : - I normally play with 20-30 somethings from 10 minutes to 2 hours each sitting.Good : - Can be played with people of all levels . - Great for helping people with spelling and vocabulary . - Allows for varied time play -LRB- a round of possibly 5 minutes to hours of fun . -RRB- - Can be played collaboratively , help other players arrange cards to maximize points . - Leads to interesting conversations about word definitions and word combination . - Great for play at any location
 I had read the reviews prior to the purchase . Considering this is an award winning game , I was sure it would be a good buy . It is a good gift for kids who love words and a first fun game with words before graduating to the Scrabble . Personally , I think it is more fun than the Scrabble for 7 year olds . The 7-8 year olds I bought this game loved it . I got two of them from Amazon . Fabulous gift !
 Quiddler is easy yet challenging . There are no moving parts - or loose parts to lose - just cards with letters to make words - but it is great fun ! There is some strategy involved , but it is not brain - = draining - just brain stimulating as you arrange the cards to spell the best words you can . I love it !!
 We purchased this game at Christmas , and we have n't stopped playing it yet . My children ages 12 & 15 love playing this game . It is a great family game and the kids do n't realize they are learning . I have bought this game to give for a birthday present also . You can give Quiddler along with a nice dictionary for a great gift .
 Quiddler is a game that I first learned about while on a boating adventure in the San Juan Islands when moored next to a group playing the game on the dock . Quiddler is a fun game involving cards and spelling . Even though I never really enjoyed Scrabble , Quiddler is a fun way to do spelling in a game . It is a game that can involved older kids and adults and that they will enjoy . It 's refreshingly different from other games .
 I started playing Quiddler several years ago when my daughter brought a deck with her on a weekend get-away for her and my other daughter - we had a blast . Since then I have purchased eight more decks and given them to family members - now when we all get together -LRB- and that is usually over 10 of us -RRB- we have a Quiddler contest . Great fun for every member of the family and very educational for all of us .
 Mom introduced this game over Thanksgiving . We played the game with all our family members ranging from 6 to 60 ! I 'm running out to buy a set for myself to play on New Years Eve with friends !
 Good family game for us . It took a few hands to understand all the rules . The artwork on the cards is beautiful .
 I 've now had this game for years and it continues to be one of the favorites within the household and among the gaming groups I play with . Particularly enjoyable for those who also enjoy word games in general , and in particular a good game to introduce to Scrabble fans who may not have experience with many/any other word games . If there is a flaw it 's that outcomes tend to be a bit reliant on one 's initial draw - it 's common to not make it around for even a whole round before someone is able to &#34; lay down . &#34; That could be a plus , though , if you prefer games that have a fast pace . And in any case is still a test of skill with creating words given limited resources .
 Product was as advertised this is a waste of time if it was ` nt right you would have heard from me . Thank you
 Product cam in in perfect condition and in a timely manner.The game itself is fun if you like scrabble and gin rummy . Its kind of like scrabble but it takes the part where you just make words and enhances it so you are n't trying to make the word &#34; Qi &#34; on a triple letter , instead you 're really challenging yourself to use all your letters to make long or short words .
 It 's a fun little game for just 2 people to play . My husband and i enjoy it in the evenings as a break from TV . Quick game and it stimulates your brain ! What 's left of it at the end of the day !
 We love Quiddler . It is a nice two person game but can be played with more players . Being a game playing family , it was hard once we became empty nesters to find something to play for just us two . It is not a long game . It is not a complicated game . It is just a simple fun word game . We have given this game as a gift to all of our adult children , added it to a few wedding gifts and have brought it to people 's houses as a hostess gift . It is a great thing to bring along on trips .
 We love this game ! We play it at home with the children & at church with the ladies ... this is a great , fun game for all ages !!
 My 8 year old granddaughter can play it with the adults . It aids her math as well as language arts . For the adults it is fun and a quick game as well . Love it .
 I love this game and it is not sold in South Africa . So I needed to purchase it from abroad .
 After two years of playing Quidler with friends , I have not regretted buying it . Have introducedthe game to others and they have often purchased the game for themselves .
 Scrabble with cards ! You have to use all your letter cards to make words , beware if someone else completes this task first , as the cards you ca n't put into a word are subtracted from your score . Luck is as much a friend as strategy , so can be frustrating when someone picks up 10 cards which can be put into words in the first round ... and you have a hand full of consonants ... I still prefer Scrabble , but Quiddler is different enough that we 'll still play it .
 ALTHOUGH THIS GAME CAN BE USED FOR MOST ANY AGE , MY HUSBAND AND I PLAY IT AT LEAST ONCE A DAY - SOMETIMES MORE - IT IS A GOOD MEMORY TOOL FOR SENIORS - WE LOVE IT - IT WAS A GIFT FROM OUR DAUGHTER AND SON IN LAW ! GREAT FOR PLAYING WITH CHILDREN OVER 10 , ALSO !
 This is the game where Scrabble meets Rummy , with a touch of Hooked on Phonics thrown in for good measure . Quiddler is certain to entertain you for hours . This game will help sharpen your vocabulary skills in a short period of time.The game progresses from 3 card hands to 10 card hands , and point increase accordingly . You have to constantly be thinking of words and new words as the play continues . Once you start playing you start thinking , a refreshing change in a game.Quiddler is a true family game game that will certainly challenge even the smartest . You can take this game on the road , camping or even flying and have a great time . For those on a price consciuos budget , this game fits right in.About the only drawback is the fact that once you discard the card is gone . I think adding a `` rummy '' like rule of taking all the cards might add for more competition and higher scores . overall this game is sure be a party favorite .
 Scrabble is one of my wife 's favorite games , but since I purchased this a few weeks ago , she now begs me to play Quiddler . We 're both former English majors and enjoy trying to outwit each other . I enjoy Quiddler because it seems you always have a chance to win , even if you start out with a negative score . We also took this game to the beach with us a few weeks ago and our friends loved it . I highly recommend it .
 That 's one of the more obscure words that has helped me win a game of Quiddler - but I 've also been creamed by twelve-year-olds with a sense of strategy . Quiddler is a bit like Scrabble with cards ; having a large vocabulary does help , but winning also depends on the luck of the draw and cleverly combining letters for the highest possible score.I 'd recommend Quiddler for kids ten and up and also for all your wordsmithing adult friends.Warning
 Having now played Quiddler dozens of times this holiday , I guess I am hooked . This game takes less than an hour with three or four people , and is really challenging . I write , and have a very good vocabulary , but winning is more dependent on seeing words possible in your cards , and going for the ` long word ' and/or ` most words ' bonuses , than it is on your vocabulary . A really nice twist in a word game . Makes it much more fun than Scrabble .
 We 've been playing this game for about 18 months now , and it 's still as popular as ever with us . We 're a family of 5 , with the youngest playing since he was six years old - and winning more often than I thought he could ! And of course , we 've all had our vocabularies expanded without trying , but we have n't let on that this is an educational game . Folks who are n't confident in their vocabulary , do n't despair ! Two - and three-letter words can win the game as well as much larger words . If you like Perquacky , Scrabble , and that sort , you 'll love this much-more-portable word game .
 We love this game!The cards are beautifully designed with Celtic calligraphy , and the game is clever . You play a total of eight hands in which you progressively get dealt more cards , until you reach ten . The challenge is to make words -LRB- short or long , it does n't matter -RRB- out of the letters in your hand . You have to use all of the letters in your hand and discard one card to go out . After that , each player has one more opportunity to make words . Then , points are tallied.This game is different every time we play it . We are constantly surprised at the great words we make . This game would appeal to card game lovers , word lovers , and strategy lovers . It would also be a good game for youngsters , as they can use their existing vocabulary -LRB- and maybe even win ! -RRB- , expand it , and manipulate it to its fullest.As one of our more simple games , I know this one will be a favorite for years to come !
 Quiddler was introduced to me by a friend . I have played it almost every day since I received my copy . The game is just right for family fun , great for helping younger children learn to spell , done in just 10 hands of play and challenging for those of us who love Scrabble , Boggle , Jotto and other word games and are looking for a new challenge . Thanks !
 I 'm a grandparent that loves card or board games . This game is so much fun and challenging at the same time . I play mostly with my 11 and 10 year old granddaughters ; but know the three smaller ones will enjoy it when they get old enough . However the fun does not stop there ; our oldest son came for a visit -LRB- 40yrs old -RRB- and I brought out Quiddler . We had a really great time and now I need to buy him the game to enjoy with his friends . Directions were simple and great to understand within minutes your enjoying the game of trying to out-word your oppnent . I love the Solitare Version that can be played also . Ca n't imagine anyone being disappointed with this game .
 It 's like gin rummy and Scrabble had a bundle of joy and I get to play .
 I received this for my birthday and loved it . It is a very easy and fun game that can be played at any time . My wife and I love games but rarely have the time to play any . This game is fast enough that we can usually play it while the kids are sleeping . I have since bought this game for two other people .
 Quiddler is a fun word game . It can be played individually or with 2 or more players . The game play is much more fun when you have 4 players or more . If you enjoy scrabble but want a quicker game and less complicated one then Quiddler is for you . It develops word skills and spelling skills but remains fairly easy . It 's a great game to play with kids . They probably need to be 8 or up . Great family fun game .
 This game is good for spelling and math learning . Another good family/friends gathering game .
 I ordered Quiddler because it is a fun game and good for the children.It 's a good word game .
 I use this game with my middle school students . It is a Friday treat and it makes them think . This game fosters belonging and is educational . The kids will help each other find words so that they can go out and not lose points ! To see them working together like that and learning is great .
 Love the game !! Our employees play this card game with the residents at our retirement home and it is a lot of fun . Players can make the game challenging or not ; it is entirely up to the creativity of the participants . Make sure you have a dictionary available as it makes the game more interesting .
 Get this game -- agree on the house rules regarding use of dictionary -- and HAVE FUN ! Currently our favorite game .
 For such a simple concept , this game is a lot of fun . We can play in any of the languages used in our home -LRB- English , French , or Spanish -RRB- . I enjoy this game more than I do the traditional game of Scrabble , mainly because it is a quicker game and you can keep a running score of how well -LRB- or how poorly -RRB- you are doing . Other great features are the portable nature of the game ; the single/two-person/multiple-player modes of play ; and the sturdy , laminated cards . I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys crosswords and other word puzzles .
 This is a fun game . The rules are similar to Gin -- get each card in your hand into a straight before your opponent does and you win . But instead of suits and numbers each card has a letter or pair of letters , and the goal is to make words . The first hand is 3 cards , the second hand is 4 cards , etc. . . on up to 13 cards.I like this game because unlike Scrabble , the person with the amazing vocabulary does n't always win , because several short words are just as effective in using up your cards as one long word . -LRB- In fact , you get a 10 point bonus for either longest word OR most words -RRB- . So my 8 year olds are n't outgunned by their word-loving elders.As a nice plus , the art work on the cards themselves is well done.The only minus is that the deck is double sized -LRB- 110 cards -RRB- and so shuffling is a bear . Would also have been nice if they included a container that held the whole deck -LRB- instead it comes with a tray that has slots for 2 half decks . -RRB-
 This is a great game to learn how to spell and increase your vocabulary - both adults and kids .
 Such fast service on delivery ! I almost got the product before I ordered it ! Well packaged , too . It 's a fun game and the company delivered well .
 Fun game for kids and adults , can be very competitive or everyone can help other players , good for new readers with help .
 Whether with a group or just my wife and I , playing Quiddler is great fun .
 We often host game night for our multi-generational friends and family . Quiddler has been the game of choice since we first purchased it . Our very competitive group keeps a dictionary close by to challenge one another . My brother-in-law is often the winner , and claims it 's due to all the `` vocabules '' he uses . Sorry , pal , that 's NOT in the dictionary ! I 've also given Quiddler several times as a gift . It 's age appropriate for any gamer 9 to 90 . Enjoy !
 Love playing this game as it is scrabble in card form . I played it on vacation and could n't wait to get my own game and ordered total of 4 to give to other people . It takes up minimum space so is easy to take on vacation or cruise or just play at home with family . Great thinking game for all ages .
 Here 's a fast-playing game for all . Form words in your hand with 1 and 2-letter cards drawn throughout the game . Fun , fun , fun . Each game only takes 10 minutes . There 's even a solitare game of Quiddler if you 're alone . Ages 6 to 90 .
 can be a very fun game to play with two players or a group , although rounds sometimes go too quickly .
 I love Quiddler ! Recently my family played it non-stop on a weeklong RV trip . All ages were there from 10 to 77 years . We had so much fun and laughs with it . Even the youngest competed well .
 It is similar to Scrabble but with playing cards . Strategy becomes more apparent the further you progress in the game . The best part is that anyone can play . With bonuses for the most words as well as the longest word it caters to players of all skill sets and ages .
 Loved this card game . It is not only for kids , but for adults as well . Lots of fun .
 Bring your Scrabble dictionary to the table , and challenge your friends to a Jumble competition .
 I bought this game on a whim about 10 years ago . All 3 of us at home liked it instantly and it quickly became a favorite . It helped our daughter with spelling and has always been a neat challenge for us grownups . After losing the game during a series of moves , I finally had to buy it again to play with my mother-in-law . I can see I 'll have to buy it for her for Christmas or something because it was the only game she wanted to play during a recent beach weekend.The best way to describe this game is
 I love this game . My kids also join in and it 's been a fun way to help them with their spelling skills . They are in elementary school .
 We love playing this game with our friends and/or our kids . As long as they are fairly good readers/spellers , this is a great game for kids - my 9 and 12 year-old kids both love it . And there is even a way to play it as a solitaire game . Watch out though - VERY addicting !
 There is n't much to say . . this game is sweet . . kind of like scrabble with cards . It moves a bit quicker though . Very entertaining . Great game if you love words . The end .
 This game really is wonderful . Those of you who love Scrabble will take to this like nobody 's business . It can feel a bit like you 're watching a chess tournament though if you are n't setting time limits on player 's turns . I 've seen plays take up to 20 minutes in the past . Rushing them actually improves the feel of the game though . Either way , a fun game that you should own .
 If you like Scrabble but do n't want to carry it around , this is a great game . It 's not easy but it 's not painfully difficult , and it 's fun . Great for vacation since it 's easy to pack -LRB- and goes well with a glass of wine -RRB- !
 Love this game . First played it on an Elderhostel Trip , and I have now given several away to friends . Great for groups of mixed abilities , as there is enough luck involved to help those who are less Scrabble Savvy .
 After playing Quiddler at my Aunts house -LRB- in another state - while on vacation -RRB- , I ordered one for my Mom for Mother 's Day . Then , because it is such an addictive game , I ordered one for my husband and myself . Now that my friends have played it , they also want a Quiddler game . We really enjoy playing this game and I love seeing all the words my smart 8 year old can come up with . I highly encourage people -LRB- especially with children -RRB- to purchase this game . You will want to play it over and over ... never wanting the fun to end !
 Quiddler is fun for anyone who enjoys word games . Makes a good inexpensive gift . I usually play it with one other person , but it 's great for several players , too . I enjoy introducing Quiddler to friends and acquaintances , and always have it with me when I travel . Kids who can spell pretty well would enjoy it , too , so it 's a learning tool as well . Note
 This game is so much fun , a good game for two or more people , and is easy to stop and start .
 This game is fun AND can be educational , not to mention a challange as the game progresses . Great as a family game .
 Even my video-game raised grand-daughter and finance will come play this fast and challenging word game with me . It would be a good game to play with young readers , as well as oldsters . The cards hold letters , and the goal is to be the first person to use every letter in your hand in words . Children have a good chance since short words can win .
 I bought this game to have something new for an upcoming game night . I have never played it before . As I was reading the rules , I noticed a solitaire version . I have evnjoyed it since the day I received it . I think it can also be used as a `` learn to spell '' game for young kids.In my opnion the game is worth every penny .
 Great for two people . Even more fun for more . Good for spelling and math . At the end of the game everyone helps each other to find words .
 We bought this game based on the great reviews and were not disappointed . It can be played solitaire , with a large group , or anything in between . My kids -LRB- ages 10,8,6 -RRB- ask to play it again and again . The great thing is that they are learning and do n't even realize it . They actually voluntarily look words up in the dictionary and then practice their math skills at the end of each round by adding their scores . Since it is just cards , it travels well and went with us on vacation . We 've played with other families and they almost always go and buy one of their own afterward . Great fun for both kids and adults !
 This is an awesome game for all ages ; great for grandparents to play with grandchildren even . Similar to Scrabble but it goes much faster . I am a senior citizen and my friends and I play it if we want to use up 30 minutes time or 2 hours . I live in a small town and Amazon is the only place I can find it and have ordered it many times for friends , usually with free shipping .
 I had played this game before and decided to get my own . The game is very easy to learn and is quick-playing . No chance to get bored ! Have not played it with younger children yet , but if they have basic reading skills it would be simple for even them . I 'm a pretty competitive game player and Quiddler definitely provides plenty of opportunity for that . Would recommend this if you 're into word games .
 This game is much more portable than Scrabble . Easier to learn , rules are simpler but there is still room for strategy , and it moves faster . I learned it from another traveler on a trip recently and ordered two more , one for myself , and another for a gift . This game can be a little hard to find , but was readily available on Amazon .
 This puzzle is fascinating to my kids . As you can see from the picture , each side of the black and white square can be all black , all white , or split black/white or white/black . The object is to match sides and create a square using all of the pieces.Granted , we rarely build the entire puzzle using all the pieces - in fact , we 've probably lost a handful . But the kids just build as far as they can , they like trying to match up sides , particularly when they must match up 2 or more sides . Sometimes they 'll race each other , to see who is first to build a 5x5 puzzle , but usually this game is a cooperative effort to see how many pieces they can place.I love this game because it can productively entertain the kids for 15-20 minutes , I enjoy helping them , and it 's a great value b/c you can lose some pieces and still play it . Plus it is portable ; we often keep it in our `` wait bag '' .
 Just saw this toy in a Barnes and Noble store for $ 5.95 . Amazon is selling for $ 6.71 . The Think Fun company makes it and says the list price is $ 5.99 . Amazon claims the list price is $ 9.99 . The game looked like fun . I will go back to the store to purchase it.In the future I will be more careful before assuming amazon.com offers the best bargain .
 Izzi is a great puzzle that interests multiple ages . My 3 - and 5-year olds enjoy trying to match up the pieces and just see how big they can build it . Adults are challenged to put the whole puzzle together . It 's easy till you get close to the end , then fitting those last pieces in becomes a fun challenge .
 I have used this puzsle for years . Had to get a new one !!! It is nice because in the beginning there are over 8 possibilities instead of just one in a regular jigsaw puzzle . It really seems to stimulate my patient 's hand/eye coordination and makes them think .
 It takes quite an amazing product to get a five star rating out of me , so Izzi gets four stars . I 'm of the mindset that `` A `` s in school are handed out too freely , as well , which should help explain my thought process . Basically , this is a great product . It 's just not OUTSTANDING enough for me to give it the highest possible rating , which I feel should be handed out infrequently . Please do n't let my possibly too-high standards lead you to believe that this is not a terrific game . -LSB- BTW , my 10 y.o. definitely gives Izzi the full 5 stars . -RSB- My daughter plays this game with her ALPHA classmates . ALPHA stands for Accelerated Learning Program for High-Level Achievers and is the Florida equivalent of Horizons in Ohio -LRB- basically additional advanced instruction for the brightest kids -RRB- . Now I 'm not bragging -LRB- it 's anonymous , right ? -RRB- . I 'm indicating that the smartest kids in the school LOVE this puzzle . And so do the rest.It 's as easy as Sudoku to learn -LRB- easier , really -RRB- , but challenging to master . And therein lies the fun . So much fun that my daughter begged to have it here at home . Okay , she begged for two years and I never got around to ordering it -LRB- shame on me -RRB- . She 's a 10 year old fourth grader now and still loves it . So do I ! We played together the very day it arrived ... after she stopped jumping up and down in celebration , that is!It is only cardboard , though and so needs to be taken care of . Just do n't spill a drink on it and you 're fine . You need a flat surface of about 2 ft. square to play . Games go relatively quickly so it wo n't sit around like , say , a large puzzle might . Enjoy it with children of all ages and abilities and with adults . It 's really fun !
 My girls -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- both loved working on this , together or alone . Because this game is so flexible , you can choose to do the 8x8 square or you do a 4x4 square etc. , depending on the child 's age and interest level . This is a fun thing to do as a fmaily because there is no winner - everyone works together to solve the problem . This teaches kids to work together and cooperate .
 This puzzle is both relaxing and challenging . Younger children can use an assortment of puzzle pieces to make shapes or follow the puzzle structure on a smaller scale . To increase the difficulty , use all of the pieces to make a square -LRB- or rectangle -RRB- where the edges of each piece match the pieces beside it . For a further challenge , make a diagonal line or a border around the edge using solid colour . This is VERY tricky !
 What is nice about IZZI is one or more can participate and there really is n't just one solution . It is challenging to use all 64 tiles to form a square . We finally made a square after a dozen tries .
 Okay , so when I was out at the bookstore trying to find a $ 5 item to add to my son 's $ 20 so that he could get a free bear with $ 25 purchase , I found this game . Immediately I was drawn to it and knew I had to have it . It 's been years since I 've put puzzles together - puzzles kept me busy daily as a child . This is similar to a puzzle , but yet not . It 's much more addictive ! We sat down as a family tonight to play it , and found that it makes you frustrated , it makes you laugh , it makes you think , and it lets you have fun all at the same time . Of course my husband and son gave up but I had to sit and try and try and try to finish it - which I still have n't done yet ! But you 'd better believe this is one game that I ca n't put down :-RRB- I 'll return to it tomorrow to try and finish it again . And after telling a few of my friends about it , they went out and bought some for Christmas gifts - I 'm thinking I 'll probably do the same !
 This puzzle came on the market in 1992 . It came out a year before IZZI 2 -LRB- see my review dated April 8,2010 -RRB- ; and made by the same company Binary Arts Corp , which has come up with a lot of well made , and entertaining games or puzzles for all ages.If you are familiar with the name of Binary Arts ; and wonder how come we do n't see new puzzles from them anymore ; fret not . This company has now been renamed , among other things , and now goes by the name of ThinkFun , and continues to come out with excellent games.IZZI consists of 64 tiles , each 2 X 2 inches.The tiles have various Black and White designs.The challenge is to place the tiles next to each other so that colors are matched.There is no single solution , even when all tiles are used to make an 8 X 8 tile square.Smaller squares can also be attempted , especially for the younger set.This game is almost without limit in the challenges that can be made , and even competition between players ; both in the size and shape as well as time challenges.The package indicates how challenging versions can be tried.There is no booklet with IZZI with challenges as is the case with II 2 . One will never exhaust the possibility of games that one can make up.However ; the tiles are made of cardboard , and will wear in use.It is a shame that a little more quality was n't put into making the tiles of plastic.But even so ; this game will provide years of enjoyment and creative play for all ages ; and can be enjoyed by one or more people .
 My kids are n't obsessed with this puzzle game -LRB- hence only 4 stars , lol -RRB- , but it 's a good way to occupy their minds for a spell , and helps my one child build her visual spatial skills , which is something we work on with her . Nice to have a `` fun '' thing to accomplish vision therapy goals ! The kids often just make cool designs with the squares , which is n't really the goal of the game , but is n't a bad thing . : - -RRB- The pieces are rather thin cardboard , so if it was a game they played a lot , I suspect durability might be an issue .
 I got this game for my 9 year old niece for Christmas . I had never heard of it before I bought it , but she was thrilled when she opened it because she has a friend who has it and has played it with her . My niece definitely enjoyed Izzi and was very happy to receive it .
 I purcahsed this puzzle for use in my middle school classroom . The kids are struggling with it but are intrigues . This is not for the faint of heart . But does make them think .
 This is one of my son 's favorite toys . He loves hammering on it and is very interested in the concept of getting the shapes into the correct hole.The string attaching the hammer is so short that it makes the hammer very hard to use , even for daddy . If the string were longer it would probably be a strangulation hazard , but there is no good reason for the hammer to be tied on . -LRB- If you 're worried about keeping all the parts together there are already 6 shape pieces that could come out and get lost under the furniture . -RRB- I cut the string off at both ends to make the toy usable .
 This toy was given to our little one when he was two and he just loves it . It gives him an outlet to bang on something without destroying it and it really keeps him occupied for a little while . He loves the fact that it looks like a tool bench and that he has his own hammer . That hammer has whacked quite a few thngs around the house , including the cat , and it does n't hurt anything like the drywall , baseboards , etc. . Really a nice toy and one that wo n't destroy other things in the house . It 's easier to use than the wooden ones plus you do n't have to worry about splinters . Some of the nuts are harder to get through than the others , but it really makes a nice challenge for him .
 We got this for our son 's first Christmas when he was 10 months old . At first he just like the shapes when they were out of the table ... they rattle . It was n't until about 14 months old that he started to understand the concept of hitting them through the table with the hammer . Now at 17 months old it is one of his favorites . The string on the hammer could be just a little longer ... it has to be lined up just perfect in order to have enough room to hit the shapes . Also the sides could be a little taller so that the shape actually fell through the other side when it is sitting on the floor . Normally my son wants me to hold it while he hits so he can push the shapes all the way through . Overall we really like this toy and I 'm always excited to find a basic non-battery skill teaching toy . We recite the colors while playing with this and some of the shapes ... although some are hard to really name . Oh and my son thinks any toy you can hit is great ... definate bonus .
 I am constantly looking for non-electronic toys that do n't `` play themselves '' . I bought this toy for my 9-month old daughter-each of the shapes have a different rattle sound and she loved to shake them . Now that 's she 's 11 months she 's starting to learn the shapes and using the hammer . My husband and I love to play with this too !
 My 22-month-old has loved this toy for almost a year . The shapes are attractively colored and very pleasing to hold , and the attached hammer never gets lost ! All in all , a very nice version of a timeless toy .
 This is an excellent and VERY STURDY toy for your child . Highly recommended for age 1.5 - 2.0 or thereabouts . My twin girls are a little late in developing fine motor skills , and these big sturdy pieces -LRB- with interesting rattles inside -RRB- have been great for playing while working on some important coordination and manipulation activities.I did n't mind the short tether on the hammer - it helps keep them from using the hammer on stuff they should n't . : -RRB-
 This toy is great ! My son received this when he was a year old and now he is 13 months . Right now , he prefers to remove the shapes , shake them , and bang them together . As he gets older , I know that he will enjoy hitting the shapes in the bench , but he only does that occasionally now . It is a great value and definitely worth buying for your child .
 I purchased the Tolo Shape Sorter Bench for our Grandson 's 1st . Birthday . He enjoys pounding on the shapes with the plastic hammer . Now he is examining the shapes and I am sure he will be fitting them into the appropriate spaces in the next few months.I look forward to teaching him colors using this toy . I read a review and followed the suggestion to cut the hammer away from the toy bench making it easier for a toddler to handle .
 Our 16 month old son loves this toy ! We had borrowered one from a friend and when we had to give it back , we decided we had to buy our own . It 's simple and educational and he loves shapes . He gets really excited when we figures them out and we clap . Great toy .
 I got this as a gift for an 8 month old . It 's been 2 months and he still loves it . The individual pieces rattle which is great and I 've still left the hammer attached for now . I 'm guessing this will be cut apart in another month or two .
 So , this toy is pretty good . It 's standing up to the rigours of my 2 and four year old , which is great . The shapes , as is advertised , are little rattles which amuses my two year old quite a bit . One of the good features is that the hammer is ATTACHED by a cord to the toy . VERY smart . However , I just wish that the cord was a little longer . The cord is long enough for the child to easily hit each shape , however , there is not much flexibility beyond that . This one minor thing is not enough for me to take off one star , and I understand that they need to be cautious of choking hazards . Really impressed . Great buy !
 It is a good toy and my kids enjoy hammering away at the shapes . One recommendation
 Gave this to our son a bit early -LRB- around 8 months ? -RRB- . We immediately removed the string because we were concerned . He liked to eat the blocks but the hammer really stole the show . He still carries it around with him now -LRB- 1 year -RRB- and likes to hit things with it.We hope that he will eventually like the shape sorter . I have to say that the blocks are hard to get in to the appropriate holes -LRB- obviously so that they can be hammered into place -RRB- So it is not a great first shape sorter .
 Pretty good toy . I bought it to help my daughter learn shapes and matching . She still has n't gotten to that point yet but enjoys hammering and making the pieces rattle . I like that it will also be useful and interesting in a few months once she understand more about shapes.The hammer string is entirely too short . I cut it off within 45 seconds of opening it up . An adult would struggle with hammering with it . I wish they had made it longer , but I am not too worried since the rest of the pieces are removable too . They are all going to get lost : -RRB-
 I only bought this because I collect things like this , so it was a good addition to my collection . I would buy from this seller again .
 This is a pretty good educational toy.Must have for anyone 5 years onwards to even adults.Pretty durable , comes in a good cloth bag and would last for long time.Good way to keep kids engaged .
 I was thinking which game to buy , the Rush Hour or Rush Hour Jr. . After reading through the reviews of both , I decided to buy the junior version for now and buy the original version later . It seems worth of having both.Really , it turns out this is a great buy . Icecream car is my kids ' favorite so they are very interested in the game at the first sight . They can play the rush hour Jr. one by one or working together as a team . Their problem solving ability , patience , working around skill , teamwork skill etc. are all got well trained . My whole family like this game and I will definitely buy the original version when the kids get older .
 This is an all-time favourite that I only discovered at the age of 38 . However my 4-yr old will have the chance to enjoy it earlier.Buy !
 I bought this for my 7 year old nephew after I saw how much the kids in my second grade class loved it ! Recieved it quickly andwas just like I had expected .
 This is one of the best toys ever bought . Bought this as one of the gifts for my 5yr olds birthday . He like jigsaw puzzles and thought this one sould interest him . It interests him and he sat with this for almost 2 hours until he finished 20 + levels on the same day . I helped him solve first two levels and then he understood quickly . This package says its for 6 yrs and up but I 'm sure it could be introduced to 4 and up . Good thing I liked about it is after all levels are done , my kid still starts from level 1 , but this time his approach is different and solves it little differently than earlier time . It has more than one solution for same level , hence makes it created for kids . It is even interesting for adults , but too simple . I got couple more of them for few other kids in family everyone enjoys it . Overall I would recommend this product and a must get toy for your kid .
 I can not say enough good things about this game . The educational benefits are amazing and it is so much fun . My five year old son recently received this game and he absolutely adores it . He 's played through the game several times and really enjoys figuring out the puzzles . I also liked how the cards have a nice range of difficulty . This was instantly a favorite and we plan on purchasing other versions . We would definitely recommend this game to everyone .
 This is a great game . My boys love it . Solving the puzzles to get the ice cream truck out of the traffic jam . Fun , Easy to understand , Varying Levels of Complexity.Best part is that we can take turns playing or he can play by himself .
 My 5-year-old son got this for Christmas and loves it ! He 's been playing with it for hours and has finished almost all of the cards . He does sometimes need help on the Expert -LRB- level 4 -RRB- cards , but can solve the others all by himself and gets a real kick out of solving the puzzles . I think the age recommendation -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- is a little off , seeing how easily my just-turned-5-year-old can do this . I wish there were more cards , but we can set up the board ourselves which makes for endless puzzles . We will probably purchase the regular Rush Hour as well . Anyway , it 's a great game , both for me and my son !
 I gave this game to my 5 year old for Christmas -LRB- but it was the adults who seemed to get ` addicted ' to it -RRB- . My five year old was so busy with other stuff but I think he will like this game when he has more time to play . My surprise was that several adults had a lot of fun with this game . It 's a great thinking game that is super-easy to learn how to play , with 4 different levels of `` challenges '' , with 10 challenges at each level . The only thing that could be improved is the cheap feel of the game as it seemed like cutting costs was the # 1 priority . However , I 'm giving the game 5 stars because it is still very enjoyable to play even though it feels cheaply made .
 My 4 year old son picked this out in the store . Since it says 6 up , I thought it would sit on a shelf for another two years before he could play with it but I was wrong . He 's able to do it and is actually quite good having whipped through the first two levels very quickly . The third level was more challenging but it kept him occupied as he tried to solve the challenges . My three year old daughter who has no patience at all and who I never knew was able to solve puzzles , sits there and plays with this toy quietly . She 's moving through the first level quickly as well so I think the age level on this can skew younger if you have kids who have the patience for it ... or they will develop the patience for it because it 's so much fun . Definitely educational but also great tool for parents who want to keep their kids occupied . Only problem we have now is they fight over it - of course !
 My daughter , an experienced kindergarten and primary teacher , gave Rush Hour to our pre-school grandson . He couldset it up and was successful playing it . This game was a big hit for all the family at the beach this past summer When I ordered Rush Hour from Amazon to give as a gift , I discovered Rush Hour Jr. , whichI purchased for the gift for the 4 year old and for grandson Hugh . He has had great success with Rush Hour Jr. ; we play a few cards every day . The toy vehicles are fun for him , and the little bag keeps all the pieces together .
 My four-year old little girl received this for Christmas . I really like the concept of the game because it requires some strategy . She seems to enjoy it as well , but it is n't her `` favorite '' game to play . She prefers other card games like Rat-A-Tat-Cat and Uno . The playing cards are nice and the bag that all of the pieces and cards can be stored in is handy . It can sometimes be difficult to move the vehicles on the board without them falling off track . At four , she can complete the `` Beginner '' and `` Advanced '' cards but requires some assistance with the `` Intermediate '' and `` Expert '' cards .
 My daughter is almost 7 and really liked this . I did n't realize when I bought it that it is a SOLO player game . She enjoyed placing the vehicles in the order as indicated by the cards , them figuring out how to move the cars around -LRB- forward or backwards -RRB- to allow the ice-cream truck to exit . It 's a mind-teaser , puzzle type of game with some cards for beginners , intermediate & advanced . I was very surprised with how quickly she solved the easy ones and worked her way to the more advanced ones . Good purchase . Only improvement would be a track to keep the cars from slipping off the plastic guides . I love that it is compact and comes in a bag for easy transport . I also like that it 's something she can do on her own when I need to do housework.Buy two if you 'd like to challenge someone to see who can solve it first .
 Bought this for my just turned 5-year old for Xmas . He/we LOVE it . He whizzed thru all the beginners cards and now is almost all the way thru the Intermediate . He has a real talent for solving problmes . Need more cards !! LOVE this game . And thank you for keeping my 5-year old occupied and using his brain .
 We received this game as a gift for our 4 and 6 year olds . Both enjoyed it right away , and once the adults realized what they were playing , they wanted to play too . You place the vehicles on the board according to the challenge card and then figure out how to get the ice cream truck out by moving other vehicles forward and backward . It 's a very simple concept and the easy challenges require the vehicles only be moved a few times . The complex challenges require 15 + moves and they are very fun for adults who like a little challenge . I will purchase this game for all my kids ' friend 's birthday parties . This is a great game .
 My son has speech development problems but , at 4 , he 's fairly good with patterns , so when we strolled into the local B&N ; store today he saw this and insisted that I buy this for him . I 'm short on funds but decided to satisfy his desire for this puzzle board game with plastic car toys -LRB- thanks to the guy who invented credit cards in the 50s -RRB- . The aim of the game is to get the ice cream truck to the exit , which is on the same row as the truck but the truck is always blocked by at least one other vehicle , which makes it a challenge to move the pieces back and forth -LRB- no sideways or corner turns allowed -RRB- . There 're 40 challenges printed on cards , with the challenge on the front and the solution on the back of each card . There are 10 challenges per level
 I bought this for my 31/2 y.o. daughter . Unlike other games it 's 3D which is much more appealing for this age . She did n't get it at first and i thought she was too young . Literally 2 tries later she got it and was going up to the 10th card on her own in 2 days . It does get more and more complicated . I think the last challenges could challenge some adults .
 This was a game recommended for my 6 year old with Asperger 's and NVLD . I ` ts supposed to help with visual-spatial deficits . I 'm sure it does , but also like the fact that it helps with motor planning too . You have to plan your move a couple of steps at a time . You want to move your icecream truck , but first must move the purple car , but , wait , the red firetruck has to move in order to do that . But wait , the yellow taxi is in the way of the firetruck , and so on . It teaches logic , patience and the oh so important sequencing that is so difficult for Asperger kids . For them it is hard to keep track of more than 3 steps at a time and this game teaches that . It has super beginner levels and gets harder as you work thru the cards . I like to play it too .
 This is the BEST . I bought it for my 4yr olds B'Day . He loves it , as does my 5 yr old as well as my husband . My son takes it with him to his brothers soccer practice and plays against a friend who has one as well . Its wonderful because it requires thinking without an adult being present to explain . If you want a learning toy that will keep your child occupied for hours , this is IT
 From the time we read the instructions and showed him how to play he fell in love with this toy . It really helps with problem solving , which he has always been fast at . He has been playing it constantly since I opened it , 2 hours ago . . He can set it up on his own and play by himself . My husband and I love to watch as he uses his problem solving skills to unravel the puzzle . Great buy for any age . Even my 26 year old hubby gets into it , though the box says ages 6 - 8 . Its fun for everyone !
 i love rush hour junior even though i am 12 . Normallly when you get a junior game it is sort of a waste of money because it is nothing like the original game but rush hour junior is exactly what it should be a junior game of rush hour . i would definetly reccomend this for younger kids . i even had a blast playing this game !
 For children who likes puzzles and mazes , this is a great find . To get the ice cream truck out of the traffic jam , the child must think on more than one level and more than one move ahead . Any wrong moves can be easily reversed and there is no penalty for wrong moves , only the thrill of solving the puzzle . Its great for solo play or for two to work together . The travel bag makes it a terrific `` take along '' toy -- as long as you have a flat surface on which to set up the board . My son is five years old and takes great pride in solving the simplest level puzzles . With a total of four levels of difficulty , I think we will be playing this game for some time to come .
 We bought this game on a whim , not knowing how it will go with our 4 and 6 year olds . Turned out they both love it -- they pull it out on their own and work on problems for a long time -LRB- an hour at least -RRB- . In the process , I discovered that my 4 year old , who usually is not very patient with time-consuming problems , can sit through several cards and has a talent solving problems of this kind . I highly recommend it !
 This is the first game that has prompted me to write a review or make a comment . Rush Hour is an exceptional game that has got the whole family thinking and playing together . My 5 year old son received it as a Christmas present and was immediately drawn into the problem-solving aspect of the game . He loves mazes and such and this was right up his alley . This game is not only a great learning toy but also fun and with so many levels will be one that he can play for some time to come . Great durability and portability . So much fun , that every adult he showed it to wants an adult version .
 My 4.5 year old saw this game at a friend 's , and has devoured it -LRB- figuratively -RRB- since she got it a few days ago . I gave her some basic organizational pointers , like ` put the cars you need on your left side ' and stressed that the Ice Cream truck was always the one to focus her efforts on , and she has really amazed me with her problem-solving abilities . The game has many different aspects that aid development , including the setup of gamepieces according to a diagram , spatial relationships on a grid , taking on a challenge , and feeling accomplishment . Going through the cards sequentially helps her see what her next objective is , and she feels the thrill of chipping away at a problem , one obstacle at a time . The reward so far , has been moving on to the next card . However , in going with the premise of the game , when she finishes the last card , she get 's to go out for a real banana split .
 Games has a simple objective -- get the Red car out of traffice . And boy ! it is difficult and changelling at higher level . Set up the * cars * as described in cards and figure out a way to get the Red Car out.The best thing is complexity raange from very easy to very hard . So it captures kids interests and provides the extra incentive to move to the next level !! Simple rules -- once you have placed the cars on the Grid , you can only move them forward or backward.A great addition to this game is `` Rush Hour 2 , 3 and 4 Gift Pack '' for less than $ 12 / - . Each set has 40 cards or in total 120 different combinations are possible . The highest level is really really difficult . Meant for the `` Pros '' only !!!
 I 've never played Rush Hour , but the Junior version was a big hit with my 5 and 8 year old kids -LRB- and me ! -RRB- this Christmas . It has 4 levels of difficulty
 After reading about Rush Hour , Jr. on this website , I decided to get it for my sons , age 7 and 4 . They are both a year older now , and still enjoy it . My oldest is now ready for the `` adult '' version but the more difficult puzzles of the Jr. game still provide some challenge . An unexpected benefit from this `` game '' is that my sons love to watch each other play and offer encouragement and sometimes advice , and neither gets discouraged when he gets stuck -- how great is it to see that?It also travels really well , we take it in the car for our frequent long trips and take it on the boat to play during snack time.Parents -- I definitely recommend both Rush Hour versions and the booster cards .
 I bought this for my 6 year old son . He loves cars and I was wanting an educational game . He has had a blast with this game . He is able to set up the patterns and work the easier puzzles himself . My husband and I have had fun with the expert level puzzles . This is a GREAT game !!
 We bought this for my 6 year old daughter for Christmas and everyone enjoyed it ! I was amazed how well she did moving through the easy to more advanced levels . Her enthusiasm was contagious and everyone began trying to do the puzzles . My daughter felt a strong sense of accomplishment when she actually did better than many of the adults ! It is a durable , compact , challenging puzzle that is so enjoyable that you will get hooked ! In fact , I am looking for additional cards to continue the fun!This is definitely a 5 star game that has educational value and is also appealing to kids .
 The children absolutely love to play this game and I bought the Rush Hour Jr. for my youngest son , we also have the regular version for the older kids . His two older siblings have also gotten quite a bit of use out of it -LRB- ages 6 , 9 , and 10 -RRB- . My two oldest -LRB- ages 12 and 16 -RRB- enjoy the regular Rush Hour . It is hard to find something that encourages problem solving and keeps their attention , I am happy that Rush Hour and Rush Hour Jr do that . In my career I see many adults that have no clue how to solve problems on their own and I am trying to instill that into my children at a young age . I 'll take all of the help I can get : -RRB-
 My 5 year old absolutely loves this . He sits down quietly -LRB- VERY unusual -RRB- and puzzles these out for an hour at a time . Highly recommend .
 My 7 year old loves this game ! It 's a game she enjoys and it challenges her intellect . It 's great to find something she enjoys that challenges her problem solving skills and not her couch potato skills .
 My 8 year old loved it , has gone through all 40 cards quickly and wants to do it again . Now we 're looking for the next harder level to buy him .
 Got it for the kids , but is a bit addicting for the adults too . Great for spacial skill building ! Fun , simple , easy to transport .
 We bought this toy for our 7 yr old daughter , it only took a couple of turns and she was laughing and challenging her 13 yr old sister to see how could figure it out the quickest ... Easy and fun to play .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old son last year . This is not only one of his favorite games but a family favorite as well . We took it on a multi-family camping trip and everyone was waiting for a turn . It was fun to watch the teenagers challenge each other and time themselves . It is well made and has a canvas bag to carry it all .
 I let my 4 - and 7-year-old girls play this cooperatively , taking turns , and it is just ridiculously awesome to watch them work out these puzzles together . An absolutely perfect little game/toy/puzzle / whatever . Compared to other logic puzzles , the goal is just so very * tangible * , which is fantastic motivation . I mean
 Bought this for my 8 year old son . The very first time he played it , he was addicted . My 5 year old daughter even plays it -LRB- beginner cards -RRB- . I am about to order my son the harder version of Rush Hour . It 's a nice change from video games !
 I bought this game for my child 's 6th birthday . He had played a similar game at a brain games website we visit often , so he was familiar with the mechanics . He loves playing and likes the challenge of starting with easy cards and hiking up to intermediate , and even advanced . At first he needed help placing the vehicles in the grid , but not any more . He also knows there 's the solution on the back of each card , but he has n't figured out how to interpret the code , which is good , because that way he does n't give up right away . I also like the cloth bag to store it in , as it allows you to take it along and play whenever you feel like it .
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandson . He can do all the first and second levels and his 5 year old sister can do all the third level , and some of the fourth . They love playing it either alone when one is not at home or taking turns and playing it together . I have never seen the 5 year old stick to anything as long as she does this . she will not leave until she has solved it . The concentration factor that this game encourages is great . I will be buying the advanced version for my older grandchild this Christmas .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old and he loves it . After one day of play he has advanced to the next level of difficulty . I also love this game and would purchase the other Rush Hour games for the challenge .
 Perfect for road trips . Fun for all ages . Great strategy game and travel pouch to keep items organized . Love it .
 My daughter loves this game . We bought it to keep her busy in the car on vacation and she loved it . The puzzles are pretty easy on the beginner level so it really helps to build confidence and reduce frustration as the levels increase in difficulty .
 I got this game for my four year old son . I was n't sure what to expect but he picked up the game right away and had a great time playing it.The goal is to make a path so that the ice cream truck can drive out of the traffic . You can only move surrounding cars in a straight line to get them out of the way.The game comes with a number of set up cards ranged from beginner to intermediate to advanced and expert . We played the game a couple ways . First we took turns I would move a car and then my son would . Then I let him go at it as a solitare game.He loved setting up the cars on the grid to match the cards . He also really enjoyed moving the cars around trying to figure out how to get that car out of there.It 's a great way to get kids to learn how to follow instructions and diagrams -LRB- setting up the cars -RRB- and then how to think strategically . My son played with it for an hour straight and then I played it some . It was fun for me too.Definitely appropriate for ages 4 to adult.Additionally I loved that everything fits in a nice little carrying bag . This makes it super easy to bring this game camping and traveling.One of our favorite puzzle type games . Highly recommended .
 Rush Hour Jr is a great game for kids who like to do puzzles . My 6 year old daughter went through all cards and I had to buya game for age 8 to 99 . But it can be still challenging for other kids .
 One of the few toys in my daughter 's discomboomerated house -LRB- small house , 2 year old triplets & 5 year old -RRB- that all the pieces have stayed together and not been scattered all over.Comes with a bag for storage .5 year old grandaughter is able to do the level 1 set-ups . I have seen a similar game as an Android app -LRB- Mouse Trap -RRB- . You basically duplicate the set-up as shown on a card and then slide the pieces to let the ice cream truck travel completely across the board.Great little game to take somewhere and play . Not too big to tote around , not so small as to get easily lost .
 I bought this for my 5-year old daughter who had outgrown the Candyland-type games . I was n't sure if she would like the car-theme game rather than something more princess-related , but she loves this game ! She works really hard to solve the puzzles but does n't get frustrated trying . It is a big hit at our house , and we have bought it several more times as birthday gifts ! Highly recommend this one for boys or girls !
 We really enjoyed this game . I think it is a great game to keep a child occupied and to develop reasoning skills . My only complaint was that my six-year-old got through the cards in a weekend . Guess we will need to get the regular Rush Hour game ; I hope it will not be too hard for her.We are planning to send this game out with a list of names to exchange throughout the kindergarten class . It is not the kind of game that you can replay over and over . However , if you have a child that you would like to keep busy for a couple of hours I would certainly recommend it . It is a very good introduction to solving logic puzzles .
 Was n't sure what to expect from this game , but liked the idea of it 's problem solving concept . Following the layout of the cards , you position the vehicles on the board with the goal of sliding the vehicles around so that the ice cream truck can get out of the traffic jam . Cards range from beginner to expert and just when you think there 's no way out , the solution appears!Travels well and makes for a great way to kill time when your waiting at doctor 's appt and the like.It 's been fun watching the 6-year old work to clear the traffic jams . He 's able to clear some of them faster than I was ! I highly recommend it and would purchase it again . In fact , we want to try our hand at the adult version of this game .
 Absolutely fun and educational for my 3-year-old boy turning 4 . It holds his attention like magic . He loves playing this game and went through the beginner level and intermediate level -LRB- the first 20 cards out of 40 -RRB- in one short evening after he got this game . I am looking forward to playing it with him on our long flights when we travel .
 All in all just a fantastic `` game '' for your kid -LRB- s -RRB- to play and learn strategy at the same time.Quality is great considering the price -LRB- $ 9.99 when I bought it -RRB- and even comes with a great little pouch to hold all the pieces.My 5 year old solved all the puzzles very quickly , so if you have a 5yr old or older I 'd suggest getting the standard `` Rush Hour '' game .5 stars all around !!!
 We bought this for our preschoolers -LRB- 4 and 2 years old -RRB- , and they 've had a lot of fun playing with it . I feel like the game is teaching them problem-solving skills , trying different alternatives , perseverance , etc. . There are a lot of little pieces , so you really have to stay on top of them to pack everything back up into the carrying bag when they 're done .
 We are pleased with this game . I have had experience and enjoyed the next version of it myself . We use this in home schooling to get the critical thinking and problem solving skills going . It is however , too easy for our 7 year old ... he flies through the challenges and we 've only had it two weeks . Shipping and timing were terrific . Thanks !
 All three of my daughters , aged five , seven , and eleven , love this game . I enjoy watching them play it because it teaches logic and reasoning skills while wrapped in the packaging of a game .
 this game is so fun both for kids and adults . we have the jr and regular version and have purchased the expansion packs . its very fun , educational , and its also very easy to take along on trips or to restaurants for use during the long waiting time .
 My five and seven year old grandsons were totally into the game . Great for transferring info - they had to follow the card to set up the game . Then they had to use logic and planning to get the ice cream truck free.The seven year old quickly moved to the higher difficulty cards and the five year old was enjoying the lower level difficulty cards right from the start.Carrying bag , is durable and easy to throw into a backpack for taking along on trips.I also bought the adult version of the game for the seven year old 's 10 year old sister and she was into her version too !
 My grandson , 5 years old , constantly thinks `` out of the box '' and it is difficult to find something that will keep his attention for very long . This did it ! We sat down , I showed him a card and he set up his own traffic jam . When I explained what to do , he played over 10 rounds before being called away to do something else . This is definitely an educational toy . It teaches plotting , i.e. on a graph , as well as planning ahead several steps . I would recommend this for any child who loves puzzles , but has outperformed on the ones for their age .
 Santa delivered this to my 4 y/o son for Christmas . GREAT GIFT . He took to it instantly and plowed through the first 20 cards with minimal assistance . Comes with a small bag , perfect for travel to Gramma 's house , restaurants , etc. . My 7 y/o daughter seems to be jealous that the game is not hers . And all 4 grandparents wanted to take a turn . Would definitely recommend this game . Fun for all ages !
 My four and a half year old loves this game . I taught him how to set it up himself and how to play . He sits quietly with it for ages working through each puzzle . I love hearing his thought process on it . `` What 's blocking the ice cream truck ? The fire truck . What do I need to do to move the fire truck ? '' etc , etc. . I sit and watch him and he goes through them all on his own , shifting the pieces to move each car in the proper way . A great game for problem solving , seeing the bigger picture and the details . I highly recommend this game ! He has mastered the green -LRB- beginner -RRB- cards and is now making his way through the yellow -LRB- intermediate ones -RRB- .
 This is great for problem-solving skills and it 's very durable , fun , and well-made . Good for 4-6 yr olds . It is fun for me to play this game with my child and watch their brains `` working '' to solve the problems .
 I work recommend Rush Hour to every parent who wants to challenge the problem solving skills of their child . Fifteen years ago I purchased the standard version for my daughter . When they were down to visit I brought it out for my six year old grandson who immediately wanted to play it . Realizing it was a bit challenging , I decided to purchase the junior version . Even though he loved it , at age six he was able to wiz through most of the cards . I would still do it again , because he loved the idea he could solve the problems .
 My kids have this on their tablet , so it was great to see them excited about having this game physically . The cards are easy enough for my 5 year old to look at and positions the cars himself .
 We all enjoy this game , especially my kids , 7 and 9 . I like the bag that comes with it to store the game which makes it easy to take in the car or on trips . For kids over 8 or 9 years I would buy the Rush Hour edition -LRB- non junior -RRB- .
 My five year old nephew found this great fun and the cars make it especially appealing to little ones ! Excellent !
 Purchased for DS7 but fun for all of us . We spent a couple hours playing this game when first received . Love the convenient storage pouch also .
 Lots of fun . Great for younger kids . Once they have mastered this version the regular Rush Hour is fabulous as well .
 So fun . The kids in my class want to play this game over and over and over . They can play alone or with a partner . I love the storage bag because it list all the pieces and how many of each , so we never lose a piece .
 What a fun game . Just perfect for my puzzle oriented 6 year old nephew . He loves the simple cards as well as the challenging ones . It 's also fun for adults .
 Both my boys LOVE this game and get so excited when they solve a puzzle . My 7-year-old was able to solve all of the puzzles , even up to expert . At first I did n't think my 4-year-old would be able to , as he was confused as to how to set it up , but once he got the hang of it he started solving puzzles too . The levels are the perfect challenge for him . We will be taking this along with us for a travel game .
 My kids like to play this online so I thought we would try the actual game.They love it . My two oldest are 7 and 5 . They both love the challenge.We asked Grandma to get Rush Hour Jr but we got The regular Rush Hour instead.I am actually happy we did get it because the `` beginner '' level cards are pretty easyfor them . Intermediate really makes them think.I like that it comes with a little bag to store all of the cars in . The base also has acompartment that stores the cards . I love that ! My pet peeve is a million game cards spread allover the house . This is a great way to keep it all together.Great Buy !
 I purchased this for my nephew and he loves it ! It really keeps his attention and it is fun for him to play this game in the car while his parents are driving .
 We bought this game after reading positive reviews and deciding that we were trying to avoid a lot of plastic toys this Christmas . We focused on games and puzzles instead , and this has been my 5 year old twins favorite . The concept is simple - move the trucks and cars out of the way so the ice cream truck can get through . I 'm impressed with the patience and strategy my 5 year olds have displayed . It 's also small , so it can be taken on vacation , etc. . Great addition to our games !
 It is a great toy . My 5 year old son just loves it . He can play with it for hours even without my help . I would recommend this to the other parents .
 This is a great game for kids . It helps them think things through . I also really like it beacause a child can play it on his own ... which is especially great for when a child needs some `` down time '' away from siblings ! Its easy to set up and put away .
 My family is very competitive , so we made it a two player game using both the Rush Hour Jr. and the original Rush Hour game . We set both game boards with the same puzzle card then shout on your marks get set go ! The first to solve it wins that round . You can use any number of rounds to determine the winner.The greatest thing for me was to watch my 4 year old solve an Expert card in about 2 minutes while it took his dad about 6 minutes ! My only complaint is there should be more cards per game . My four year old got these for his birthday and in a few days has finished the entire Jr. version and is already half way through the original Rush hour game .
 I heard about this toy through our son 's therapist and the next day I ordered it online ! Best purchase I 've made . We have so many games , but this one takes the cake ! My son enjoys challenging himself with this and it 's truly the best guilt free babysitter . We also love playing it together by taking turns as it is a one man show . Thank you ThinkFun , ca n't wait to try your other toys .
 I was looking for gift ideas for my 5 year old son . He enjoys problem solving games and puzzles-not to mention his love of motorized vehicles . Rush Hour was a perfect fit for him . He 'd never seen the game or played before I decided to purchase it . The moment he opened his gift from `` Santa '' , it became an appendage . Now my husband is and addict as well ! Fabulous game !
 My 3 and 4 year old FOUGHT over this as soon as it was out of the box . My 3 year old found it a little hard to set up , but she understood the rules immediately and was able to solve the beginner cards easily . My 4 year old was able to set up by himself.I like this game because I think setting the pieces up is very educational for the younger kids -LRB- 3 - 5 -RRB- , and the problem solving part for kids who are ready .
 My 4-y old daughter loves this toy . it is engaging and she was eager to do more and more difficult cards . She needed some help with some , but she got it .
 We received this as a gift and my two sons , ages 4 and 6 , love it . They are able to play it by themselves . Setting each puzzle up contributes to the educational value of this game , because they have to follow pictoral directions . Then of course solving the puzzle becomes an exercise in strategy , thinking ahead , problem solving , and spacial awareness.This game is compact ; it can easily be taken with you to restaurants , doctor 's offices , and anywhere else the kids might have to sit and wait . Or it can be played at home just as easily.I 'm happy to recommend this game .
 Great thought-provoking item for all ages !!! But more than anything I appreciate the fact that I can trust Amazon.com to send the item I purchase to me and in a reasonable amount of time . I am still awaiting some games I purchased from Gameoutfitter over a month and a half ago . Even with continual e-mailing back and forth , I have not been successful . -LRB- however they have charged my account ! -RRB- Thank You Amazon !! J. Steadman
 This is a great game for any child , even an only child because it is a one person game . It really requires analytical thinking . Basically , you set up the cars and trucks according to each card , and you move them around to get your ice cream truck out of the traffic jam . It is really fun and challenging . Each card gets more and more challenging . My kids love to try to get to the expert level . The question I had when buying it is whether to get the Jr. or the regular version . I would say most kids can get through every level of the Jr. game at age 7 , but all kids are different . Some will be able to fly through them earlier and others it will take more time -LRB- the recommended age is 6-8 , but I would say younger kids can do the easier levels for sure -RRB- . It is still challenging once you have gotten through all the cards because you do n't remember how to do each card . Eventually , your child will be ready for the regular Rush Hour game . I wish they would just sell the deck of cards because the game is pretty much the same . Both come in a drawstring bag to keep all the pieces together . There is also a train version of this game . It is a bit bigger . I think this is one of the best games out there !
 It is a good game of solving problems.The jr.is just suitable for my 5 years son.To make it also fun for me , I buy the rush hour 2 and 3 which have more difficult cards.So we both can play it.It is a good game for the whole family .
 My daughter is 5 . She loves it.I love the little carry along bag that comes with it.Makes it a perfect item in our ` to go ' bag.We save it to entertain during ball games , waits at resturants , anywhere that a 5 year old become antsy .
 I purchased Rush Hour Jr for my granddaughters after I saw how much my G/T students loved the older version . The five-year old `` borrowed '' it and has played all the cards and still loves it ! Great activity to develop higher-order thinking skills .
 My 31/2 year old got this game for Christmas . Both he and his nearly 8 year old sister love it . They are quickly flying through the cards , which are divided into difficulty levels . I love to watch them reason through the strategy and figure out spatially which cars need to move where . There is a solution on the back of each card , but my kids do n't look at those and find their own ways to solve the puzzles.I am going to order the next level of the game , and was thrilled to see that Fat Brain Toys offers extra cards after you complete the ones with that come with the game .
 great for young and old alike . i work as a therapist with the elderly and they like the game so much they buy it and play it with thier grandchildren when they come to visit : -RRB-
 This game is pulled out nearly every day . It is great that one person can play it . My 4 and 6 year old play it . Me too ! Lot 's of fun .
 This is a great game - beautiful colors and it makes my child think . She 's loving setting up patterns and figuring out escape routes . It 's a fun way to increase spatial knowledge and practice logic .
 My 6 year old loves this game . It 's challenging yet not too hard . It 's a great game to learn strategy and yet the kids have so much fun they do n't realize that they are learning .
 One of my four-year-old son 's friend 's mom had bought this for her son , and my kid was instantly enamored . The first day we got it , he played with it quietly for THREE HOURS . Now I give a set as a present to all the kids on the birthday circuit , I LOVE it .
 I bought this game for my 5 yr old . She loves it and is challenged by the game . Even some of her older cousins enjoyed playing with it over the holidays .
 This game is a real attention-grabber for my 5 year old . Keeps him busy and quiet -- great for me , too ! : -RRB-
 My daughter got RushHour Jr. as a birthday present when she turned five . She loved it . Her eight year old brother also loved it . Even my husband got hooked on it . Even though this is the `` Junior '' version , it still is pretty challenging . Perfect for boys and girls . Definitely teaches logical thinking . We have now graduated to Rush Hour -LRB- the non-junior version -RRB- . This makes a great birthday gift .
 We bought this toy for our 3.5 year old son , because he really loved it when he saw it in the store . He 's been at it all the time after he got it and needed only minimal instructions to start playing . We really appreciated the fact that the difficulty levels were so appropriately designed . My son simply moved from one level to another with great enthusiasm and would never quit playing the game on his own .
 This is a single player game . Set up the cars according to the diagram and try to get the ice cream truck out of traffic . The puzzles start easy and progress slowly so that kids learn the maneuvering tricks without getting frustrated . By the end , the puzzles are a challenging even for adults who have not played before . Both kids love it - ages 4 and 9 . We helped the four-year-old learn the tricks by just asking `` Whoes in that cars way ? '' Then `` whoes in the trucks way ? '' until she reached the car that could be moved and work her way backwards .
 I would highly recommend this game . I bought it for my 5 year old son . He is in kindergarten and they needed activities to fill their ` busy box ' . The activities needed to fit in a shoe box and needed to be for independent play.When we got the game he was excited to play with it -LRB- the cars , colors etc -RRB- . There are 40 puzzles to solve . There are 4 levels within there -LRB- 10 for each level -RRB- . They get progressively more challenging.He was able to solve 1-10 all by himself . Nice balance between ease/difficult so that he was interested , not frustrated and proud of himself . Absolutely independent play for him here . He can set up all the puzzles.Starting in the 20 's he starts needing a little guidance . It goes something like this ... Q
 Very crafty of Binary Arts to make a version of Rush Hour that ropes in the younger tykes . Just as addictive and wonderful as the original Rush Hour . We absolutely love this game . It deserves a place in my Toy Hall of Fame -LRB- next to my Mr. Machine and Tiny Tears doll -RRB- .
 I got this game for our 31/2 year old son , and although I was skeptical about whether or not he 'd `` get it '' , he soon began to solve the beginner puzzles and moved right along to the more challenging ones . The game itself is pretty simple to pick up and reminds me of those sliding number puzzles . It is more challenging , entertaining , and with greater variety . Kids will surely love the car theme and the colorful pieces . And parents will love the idea that their kids are thinking and learning while playing rather than just passively watching TV.We initially began just by playing with the pieces , with me explaining the vehicles -LRB- most of which he already knew -RRB- and the concept of helping the ice cream truck to get out . Then I had him start assembling the scenario by himself but I still helped solve the puzzle , explaining the concept along the way and helping him learn the rules . Finally , I started to let him solve the puzzle and just observed or helped when he asked.I can definitely see him advancing as he picks up tricks to use for solving the puzzle , and as he builds solution patterns that he can apply to other puzzles . I encourage him to think out loud and honestly , it 's more fun for me to listen to him than to play the game . His `` thinking out loud '' is a hilarious combination of tactics , commentary about the cars , and imaginary scenes of how/why the cars are stuck - with a smattering of total randomness for good measure.The pieces themselves are reasonably well built and pack up nicely for travel . They are nicely designed and our 11/2 year old always comes by to look at them when we play this game although we are careful to make sure he does n't eat them . I do wish they had a nice hardwood version though since I 'm a big fan of old school wood toys . The scenarios are driven by a pack of cards which we are able to re-use because apparently we all have poor memories . I 'm sure if we played it a lot , we 'd soon memorize the scenarios . But there are expansions which we can get if we have n't a majority of the pieces before we memorize the cards . Basically , I 'm not terribly worried about getting bored with this game.It 's easily worth the price and is a great , compact game for home and travel .
 I love this game . It 's fun and mind stimulating , but it took my 6 year old son less 2 hours to solve all the games . Now he 's bored with it . I would recommend buying the older version , so you can buy the add-on packs .
 My kids love setting up these puzzles for each other and then trying to solve them . We all love this simple , time passing game .
 It is so much fun . I bought it for my 7 years old son , but I found out that My eldest son , my husband and I are all fighting to play with it ... this is a great toy to stimulate kids to think
 This is a great game for those who love puzzles and cars/trucks . Our 3 year old enjoys the game as well as mom and dad .
 I bought this for my 5 year old for Christmas . I was a little worried that it would be too advanced for him , but he picked up on the game right away . He was even able to figure out some of the expert level challenges . We are a family that loves puzzles and this was a fun for all .
 This is an amazing game which is very challenging . There are different levels so that the whole family can take part . I think this is a wonderful learning game that challenges the brain .
 I 've been buying educational kid games for my friend 's kid as well as myself and I enjoy both this and Rush Hour . I 'm not sure why they separated the two games since they 're the same - could have just combined the cards IMO . I ca n't remember if the grid is smaller or not but if it is then just scoot everything towards the middle and right side . Anyways I do like the vehicles better in the jr version - ice cream truck , cop cars , firetrucks and buses - and the cutest trucks with doggies in the back -LRB- molded of course -RRB- but I wish they 'd subbed one of the 18 wheelers for one of the firetrucks for variety . I enjoy playing these games as an adult to unwind as well as make my mind think - Rush Hour challenged me about halfway through the deck - this one I 'm still ok with but still having to do some thinking . I bought this jr version for my friend 's almost 5 yr old and I think he 'll have fun with it though he may have to work his way up to the more challening scenarios .
 My 6 year old loves this game ! And to be honest , I like playing it as well ! Great , great game . There is a nice bag included so you can take this game on car trips , planes , etc. . Highly recommend !!
 Very challenging for both kids and adults , although kids resolve tasks much faster then us . It is fun to play in the family and then compare times .
 I highly recommend this game for your 4 to 6 year old ! My son and niece LOVE it ! Great way to improve their problem solving / thinking skills in a fun way !
 My 5 year old loves this game.This is a great brain puzzle!Even an adult can enjoy.Highly recommended !!
 ... That 's what my five-year-old daughter exclaimed on Christmas Day after playing with this toy for about fifteen minutes . In fact , we all were having fun with this simple but challenging logic puzzle game.What I like about this game : QUICK SETUP
 Lots of fun . Good for non Emglish Speakers - they need a little help with ` reading ' the solutions . It is also fun to try to fit all the vehicles on the board . I 'll be getting one of the similar versions for older people . The storage bag is great but of course the pieces could get lost .
 I bought this for my 6 yr old and she loves it ! Travels well and is great for `` cause and effect '' skills . You must move the ice cream truck out of grid lock to win .
 My 8 year old , got this as a birthday gift . We had to give him some starting pointers , and now we are really amazed to see how fast he solves those . The game has 40 cards -LRB- each a different puzzle -RRB- , going from Basic to Intermediate , Advanced and Expert level . The unbreakable peices and the card stacker add great value to the entire set . A real good puzzle game , sometimes even adults get involved solving it .
 I bought this for our grandson 's 6th birthday . Many reviews said it was too easy , and I sort of agree . Within a few minutes , he sailed through the first 3 levels , but was still stuck on the hardest level when he left our home . My intent was that it would also work for our 4 year old grand daughter , but so far , she was n't interested in trying . I also bought the next level , but am saving that for Christmas . This game kept our grandson 's interest , a good sign . Something he can do on his own , also good . It teaches logic and patience and was fun . Negative , it has a flimsy driving pad , can easily get bent . Also very small for little fingers and cars can fall off their `` track '' . Cars are small and cheap , and the game is worthless if even one car gets lost . Nice carrying case , though . I would definitely recommend this , but I wish it were better made .
 When I ordered this toy / game for my 3 years +4 months daughter I was a little skeptical whether she will enjoy this or not ??? After receiving this game , at least for an hour she played the way a small kid should play -LRB- riding all the vehicles and forming a queue with them -RRB- and I thought its not age appropriate for her . But then in the evening me and my husband sat together and solved 1 or 2 cards -LRB- beginner level -RRB- in front of her and wow she picked up and solved all the 10 cards withing an hour with little or no help . Still I have n't given other advanced level cards to her but I am sure those cards will be more challenging and fun.It can keep your kid busy for longer time . They learn how to make a smart move with other vehicle inside the grid for an ice cream truck to exit . And smaller kids develop another skill along with solving the puzzle ... Observing ... They learn to arrange the vehicle the way its pictured in card and I felt its kinda different skill which my kid is developing . She try to follow the smallest detail like the car 's headlight is forward facing or backward facing , where the fire truck ladder in the picture and place all the vehicle on the grid exactly the way its been placed in the picture and then she tries to solve it.I am totally satisfied with my decision to purchase this product and would recommend to the parents looking for some fun and challenging game for their kid .
 I 'd seen this game in stores and online , but it did n't appeal to me for some reason . However , my son received it from a friend for his 6th birthday recently . I was suprised by how much he loves it . He enjoys being able to solve the puzzles on his own and the jr. version is at the right level to prevent frustration . The best part for me is that it is a 1-person game . Having little brothers and a busy mom means that he does n't always get to play a board or card game when he wants . With this game , he does n't need to schedule his play around my schedule . His 4yo brother can also play and they will often take turns and help each other out while playing . He is going through the cards quickly , but I will look for additional card sets or buy the full version soon . No worries , he has little brothers to whom he can pass it down . I highly recommend this game .
 We love this game . The main difference from the regular Rush Hour is that the puzzles start out easier . The hard ones are actually pretty hard . My son could do the easy ones when he was 4 .
 I bought this game for my son 's 4th birthday , and he loved the game from day one . He tried to match the cars to the pictures on the cards , and that was his challenge . Then over time it evolved into his learning that he was trying to get the ice cream truck out of the traffic jam . I would say this game is perfect for kids 4-8 , and it is actually a fun game for parental involvement as well . I would highly recommend !!!!
 Bought this for a 6 year old - he loved it . Bought another for my family 12 yr old , 10 year old , 6 year old , me and my husband - we all enjoyed it - we had the jr. set for 2 days before we then ordered the regular set -LRB- for 8 + -RRB- and all the sets of cards they make . FUN , FUN , FUN !!!!
 I purchased this game for my just-turned 4 year old to keep him occupied on a vacation to the beach -LRB- for those rainy days -RRB- . He absolutely loves this toy . The concept is simple
 What a great game for kids . I had to buy two since my grandkids wanted to compete to see who could finish first !! They range from ages 4-8 . I was introduced to `` Rush Hour '' for adults . That is also a `` must have '' game . Same game , only more difficult . You pick a card from the deck marked `` Beginner , Intermediate , Advanced or Expert '' , set the cars up as shown on the card , and try to get the red one out of the traffic jam . Sounds easy , but it 's very difficult . We all play this at the cabin ; kids , parents , grandparents and great grandparents !!! I would recommend this to everyone . ENJOY !!
 It is indeed the toy that I was looking for for my 5 years old . It will spend her a long time on the game . The only negative thing that I observe is that other similar rush hour game has a little drawer to put the cards in . But this one does not . It comes with a bag to hold everything though.Recommend to buy . Enjoy !
 Rush hour is a very fun game . It does NOT break easily . I am a kid and I really like it .
 My kids and I love it and we 've been playing a lot sometimes a little challenging but worth the challenge makes kids think
 It is a great toy . I just wish the cards were in a ring or something so they do n't get all mixed up .
 A friend of mine bought one of these while on a trip . Hers had a drawer in the bottom to store the cards . I was disappointed mine did n't . I wanted to place on a coffee table so my grandson or whomever could just pick it up and play it anytime . There 's just no place to put the cards .
 I bought this game based on the reviews on Amazon and I am not disappointed . Even my three year old enjoys this game and is capable of understanding the concept . The beginner puzzles are right up his alley and the expert puzzles are challenging enough for me .
 We bought this game for our 41/2 year old , and she really enjoys it . It helps her to develop problem solving , and it is a quiet game also , so we can bring it to church to keep her occupied . It 's nice because she can set it up and play it by herself also .
 My son loves Batman and legos . This is the perfect combination . He is enjoying the legos and plays with them all of the time .
 If you 're familar with Art Asylum 's great Minimate brand of Lego-like figures and C3 building sets then you already know how great they are . If not and your a blockhead -LRB- read building block fan -RRB- like me you 're bound to love these vehicles and figures . The Minimates are , in my opinion , what Lego 's minifigures should be like . The Batman and Catwoman figures have realy neat equipment plus , get this , 14 points of articulation ! How cool is that ? What 's neater yet is that they 're Batman figures . Have n't tried Minimates yet , why not give 'em a whirl . The blocks alone are , in my humble oppinion , every bit as sturdy as Lego 's and the figures are very sturdy . Enjoy !!
 If you love scrabble , but want to pick up the pace , this is the game for you . Each person creates his/her own `` board '' and picks 2 more tiles whenever someone else has used all his/her letters . You can tear apart your whole board and start over if you get stuck , but meanwhile someone else is calling pick 2 and the tiles are piling up ... . Addictive and fun .
 This is a great game that can be fast paced and it definitely makes you think !
 It is very good educational toy . My son loves it . I divided it on levels ... First we read simple words , then colors and numbers . Now will build sentences .
 Look ! See ! Read ! is a great educational toy that keeps my child busy and engaged for hours . I highly recommend this toy .
 The toy itself is lovely . Nice chimey sound , gentle but playful . It will be good to give our little guy practice holding a toy with one hand and spinning the interior ball with the other . I would have prefered if the whole thing rolled plus spun to make it a toy to crawl after .
 This toy is great . The stars and moons look really cool while the ball spins , it is the right size for little hands , and it makes a really nice sound while the ball spins . I would recommend it .
 The best part about this set is the Robin figure . His accessories are fabulous . Batman , without the cape , is equally good . The cape is bad because of the awkward positioning of it . It is in two parts that swing back and forth , not fun at all . The batmobile itself is alright . Too bad it only seats one , leaving another to hang on for dear life . Overall , a good buy .
 The figures and the assesories are what makes this set awsome . The Robin figure is one of a kind and looks great with his staff . This Minimate Version of Batman is also unique in that he comes with two capes . One of his capes can be spread open and his arms raised to look like he 's ready to pounce on his enemies . They also include a normal cape , some cool `` flip-open '' type batarangs , and a suction-cup type grapple rope . The mini-batmobile is also neat in that when it moves the rear translucent flames rotate around . Overall this is a great building set that I feel is geared toward Batman collectors more than a childs `` fun-factor '' .
 I bought this for my 6 month old son for Christmas and he liked it . . I bought it with a tambourine & he loved that more but together , it 's a great set . . I get down on the floor with him and bang on it & act silly & he loves it ! I do recommend removing the sticks because they 're very small & that 's the first thing to go in the mouth . . I tucked them away in a drawer until he 's older . . It would 've been better if they 'd come attached but they do n't also making them easy to get lost . . Overall , I was pleased & he seemed to be as well . .
 I got this for my grandson who is 10months and beating up my tabletops . He really enjoys the drums sticks and grasp the idea of using the sticks to beat it . It was just what I was looking for at the time .
 My son is 8 months and we 've had this since he was Z months . My son loves this drum ! He sits on the floor right beside it and wildly bangs either one or both drumsticks -LRB- included with drum -RRB- on its surface . Both sides of the drum are able to be used . The surface does get scratched pretty easily but it still sounds the same .
 We mainly ordered this for the cute design and small size for my 10 month old . When it came , the cute design on the drum is not there . I got one that has all diamond shapes . But it sounds great for a first drum ! Baby hits it few times , but daddy is having much fun at this time : -RRB-
 For my 8 month old grandson who likes to bang on thngs . Put the sticks away till hes older , they went right in the mouth .
 Great toy for little children . The drumsticks are not too small , yet are easily held by a toddler . It was priced right ans shipped promptly .
 Got this about a month ago for my 7 month old son . He takes his sticks and beats on this thing forever . We LOVE it !
 I bought this from the toy section for my son 's first guitar . It was on sale so I thought even if he did n't end up wanting to play the guitar more then the beginner 's novel appeal I would not be out alot of money.I was surprised it was adult size and as nice as the starter guitar I paid 5 times as much for my husband 's first guitar.This 41 inch is not for a small child . It probably would be best for a someone at least 12 . A 36 inch guitar is a better choice for a 6-12 year old .
 Dunno why this item , Burswood Masters Series 41-Inch Acoustic Guitar , is listed as a `` toy '' because it most-certainly is NOT!It 's a real-live guitar , and if you put some decent strings on it , it plays beautifully . I 'm a moderate amateur , and this guitar plays nearly as well as my classic Yamaha acoustic guitar ! It 's definitely a bargain at Amazon.com , no question.I bought this for my son , who is college-aged , and he strums it very melodically , much as I did on my Yamaha , in my college days , long , long ago ... It 's a full-sized guitar , NOT a toy . Wooden , with internal metal bracing , it 's the real deal . Glad I bought it .
 Lack of reviews and a mixed review made me hesitate on these for a long time . However , when I got them I was so happy ! Yes , I do have a few with less than perfect ends as the pic posted shows . However , none of the edges are especially rough and how small they are you do n't really notice . They are big and chunky and although my son does n't really know how to twist them on an off by himself yet , he has made up all kinds if things that these simple bolts , nuts and connector pieces can be . Also he loves putting them in the bucket with the handles on it . Very pleased .
 We purchased this for our 18 month old , who loves to put together and take apart things . He 's a little young for this set but I think it wo n't be long until he is able to use it better . My 3 year old enjoys playing with it too , this set is a nice alternative to blocks , I would recommend it for the 2 + crowd .
 Our three-year-old grandson has always had an interest in his Papa 's tools , and loves to work with his hands - this product gives him lots to work with , and he occupies himself with the interesting shapes , sizes and colors . His mom loves the clear storage case with the handle that Payton can carry around to his jobsites . Great &#34; toy &#34; .
 Product is fun ... service was terrific . All my recipients were happy with the gift!But , this feedback situation requires too many words !
 The Original Wooly Willy KeychainWhat a Great Product . . I am redoing my Christmas tree with things from my past . . So i am useing it as an ornament . . BUT >> > I need to stop playing with it and put it away LOL LOL ***** 5 STAR SELLER ***** Thanks for the fast shipping
 She 's made of good quality and my two daughters love her . Dora is n't yet in Australia -LRB- 2 videos only -RRB- . its handy having friends in US to post on `` Dora '' stuff . WE LOVE DORA . -LRB- I think mum does more -RRB-
 For some reason my 1-year old really likes Dora the Explorer . She brightens up every time the show comes on TV . So it was a natural that her first doll be Dora.We purchased this Dora doll for our daughter 's first birthday and it was a big hit . She took to the doll immediately and smiles every time she sees it . It is the perfect size for her to wrap her little arms around it and give it a big hug.They were smart to include the comb , because Dora 's hair gets tangled very easily . A cute toy .
 Dora is very cute . The show is fun . My kids like having this DORA to play with while they pretend to go on an adventure like DORA does . Her hair does get easily messed up and hard to get back to the pristine shape.I try to buy toys that inspire creativity , encourage exploration and learning . I avoid toys that have just a button to make noise or that do all the work for the child . If you are like me , this is good toy.Enjoy .
 My 2 year old daughter likes this Dora doll very much . It has a soft body , so she often brings it to cuddle with her . She also likes the little comb and she is getting pretty good at combing the dolls hair . However , I do find that the dolls hair gets knotted fairly quickly when the doll is put in the toy box or the bottom of the stroller , so I feel like I have to help maintain the dolls hair . The cardboard objects for Dora 's backpack are cute but useless , and my biggest problem with the doll is that the backpack is not big enough to hold the comb .
 We bought this doll for our 19 month old daughter for Christmas . She loves Dora , and she loves this doll ! Our only complaint is the hair , which gets messy VERY easily . But , Dora comes with a comb , so our daughter enjoys ` fixing ' Dora 's hair . Overall , a fun little doll !
 If I did n't know better I 'd think that Dora 's `` parents '' modeled her after my daughter Leah . The cartoon looks so much like her that I was worried the doll would n't do her justice -- but , she does . Now she owns this and the dancing Dora and she loves them . The little soft doll has been thrown , bitten , drooled on and dragged I just wiped her off and combed her hair . Leah loves to sleep with her mirror image . I love this little doll .
 My 2 year old daughter LOVES this doll . She is very cute , and a great size for smaller kids . One small complaint I have is that Dora 's comb does n't fit into her attached backpack . That does not diminish my daughter 's fun , though . This is a great , affordable toy for any fan of the show .
 She is a soft doll . I like her . She has a pretty smile . I think she would be great for any collection or for the little girls who know a good item when they see it .
 We received this doll as a gift and it has been a big hit every since . From the moment my thirteen month old saw the box she has been fascinated . She danced around with anticipation as I struggled to get the doll from the box and once Dora was finally freed the two of them became inseprable.Dora is Ayanna 's friend during car rides . Since she is steal rear facing and ca n't see Mommy and Daddy she just talks to Dora . The doll has been thrown , chewed on , stepped on ... you name it but it still continues to withstand all the abuse my toddler inflicts upon it.I like the fact that it is so small since most dolls are too large for her little arms to hold properly.If your little one likes Dora then you ca n't possibly go wrong with this doll .
 My two daughters -LRB- 3 & a 1 year old -RRB- love her . They start to dance like her . . but that 's all she does , is sing . . if anyone knows how to make her count # 's and speak in bilingual phrases the way the box and the advertising says , please let me know.Thanks .
 My 3-yr old loves this toy . It is very durable , cute and just plain fun . My daughter dances and sings with her Dora and repeats words in spanish just like the doll does . I did n't expect to find this toy to be as educational as it turned out to be . My daughter now knows that `` rosada '' means pink -LRB- her favorite color -RRB- in spanish . In fact , she uses that word now often . I highly recommend this toy !
 My 4 yo son absolutely loves Dora ! He walks around the house calling Dora his `` girlfriend '' . He recieved Singing Dora for his 4th bday from my mother . Needless to say Dh was not sharing our sons excitement about this toy but we agree even the manliest of men have played with dolls in their day lol.This Dora toy is very cute . You press her shoelace and she sings and plays different games with you . She is educational in the sence she speaks spanish as well as english in the songs and games which teaches children spanish while they are having fun .
 My daughter received this Dancing Dora for Christmas . She is 2 years old and loves Dora . This was a hit . From all the toys she got on chirstmas this was her favorite . She still play with her Dora all the time . She dances and sings with the doll and have learned all the `` spanish words '' that Dora says . I really recommend this doll to any Dora the Explorer Fan .
 This doll is just too cute . My daughter just loved this at her 3rd birthday last year and now a whole year later she still plays , sings and dances with dora . She has learned to count in spanish both from this doll and the show of course . Also the batteries have lasted for almost a year , just had to replace them recently that was a shocker !!!! A great item and a cute toy !!! Ca n't go wrong with it !!
 I bought Dora for my daughter 's 1st . B-DAY . If only I had known how much she enjoys her , this would have been the only gift.That 's all she played with . She ca n't get enough of Dora singing and dancing just like her . Even on Saturday morning 's she 'll watch the Dora show with the doll in her hand . This is definately a must have !!!!
 I bought this doll for my daughter last Christmas . She loves it and so do I. I like the way she dances and sings . She even teaches your child Spanish !!!
 My daughter received this as a Christmas gift when she was 8 months old . It was love at first sight . She is now a year old and hugs , kisses and chit chats with her doll . She has dropped the doll a couple of times off of her high chair and the doll is still in superb shape . Plus , the doll 's hair is easily combed -LRB- as it needs to be after beiing handled by an infant having her lunch -RRB- .
 I 'm not sure exactly why , but my 2.5 year old daughter adores this thing ... . it 's not cuddly - it 's hard plastic . And when it dances and sings it kinda acts like it 's having convulsions . Nonetheless , my daughter absolutely loves it so I give it five stars !! Even my baby daughter gets on her knees and bounces when Dora sings `` we did it ! '' .
 We purchased this Dora for Stepahnie our grandoughter , and she is 3 years old . It turn the best gift . She is very happy with her Dora it sleeps with her every day .
 My daughter really likes to play with this doll . You can set it on a noncarpeted floor and the doll will sing and dance . This doll has little rollers on the bottom of her feet that move when the doll twists . The doll is pretty durable but really goes through the batteries .
 We just love Dora and this toy is really adorable ! We all swing side to side singing we did it ... I was happy with that feature ... I had no idea how much this doll does . To the delight of my 2 year old she says `` swiper no swiping '' and she also speaks a few spanish phrases and asks your child to repeat them . My 2 year old is speaking more spanish that me !!! She asks your child to count the beads on her bracelet and then count in spanish with her ... and more ! Her voice is VERY clear and she is more than we expected !
 my 4 year old daughter loves this toy . . she even atempts to sleep with it . . think any child who likes Dora should have this one
 All my son wanted for Christmas last year was this doll . We live in Australia so I had to have my friend ship the item to me . My son is now 4 and he fights with his 1 year old sister . It is very durable and they love it to death .
 We got this doll for my 18 month old daughter for Christmas after she saw it in the store . It took her a little while to figure out how to press the button -LRB- she was young and it is sort of hidden on Dora 's shoe -RRB- , but since she has ... she has n't stopped dancing and singing with it . I would recommend this to any parent !
 MY TWO YEAR-OLD LOVES DORA AND THE MINUTE SHE SAW THIS DOLL , SHE NEVER LET IT GO . NOW MY LITTLE GIRL IS TALKING IN SPANISH .
 We received this toy for Christmas 2004 & my duaghter has LOVED it since day1 ! This was & still is her favorite toy . Toy is a little loud , but it keeps my active toddler 's attention for more than 2 mins. , which is more than immpresive !! Definetley recommend for any Dora fan .
 My granddaughters brought this doll to my house . They are 2 and 3 years old . Lucky for me they left it ! Every morning I pushed the shoelace and sang ... '' We did it '' . She cheered me every time ! My husband thinks I lost it when they took it home and I was depressed ! So now I bought my own Dora -LRB- Do n't worry -- I have more grandbabies who will love her also -RRB-
 I bought this doll for my 1 year old niece and she loves . She actually picked it out when we went shopping . She is still learning to talk and calls Dora We Did It . She loves to make Dora dance and sing the We Did It song . She hs taken a very huge liking to her We Did It doll and enjoys watching the show . A great doll for all little girls adn educational too . They can pick up a little Spanish .
 I bought this doll for my niece at Christmas . Her twin brother loves it too ! They even repeat Dora when she said words in Spanish . They are only 18 months old and know which shoe will make Dora talk , and they are always walking around the house looking for her .
 So far I have bought 6 of these and will be buying more in the near future . I have given these as gifts to my nieces and NEPHEWS . Both boys and girls love this . I bought one for my daughter , who is 2 , and she just loves to dance with it . My 1 year old son loves it also . they are quite rough with it , but have yet to break it . My niece wont let anyone near hers -LRB- she is 2 -RRB- . So far all the recipents of these have been enjoying theirs . Good investment for the money .
 My little brother has this doll and loves it ! He thinks it 's great because he loves Dora , he sings the song , ...
 I bought this doll for my 2yr old greatniece . She now knows how to count to 10 in spanish . This doll takes all she gives it and still holds up .
 I bought this doll for my 3 year old niece for her birthday . She loves Dora and takes her everywhere with her . She has n't put her down yet ! She loves to make Dora dance and sing along with her `` we did it '' song . What a great doll !
 When my two year old son jurked this doll from his cousin and yelled `` Dora for me ! '' I was a little upset . I 'm one of those parents who still put lables on our kids . So the thought of buying a doll for MY SON caused night mares . My husband and my mother nagged until I got one . It is o.k. now . He loves the thing . He sits it with him to watch the show and has yet to rip her head off . As long as he keeps ripping heads off Barbie and shooting things with his carrots I can deal with it . I choose to think it means he will make a good MANLY father one day .
 Well I bought this toy for my niece -LRB- 3 yrs old -RRB- , because my brother said she was a big fan of DORA , which I had no idea who she was . . Well to make a long story short , she got many gifts for her B-Day , and thing the only thing she carries around is her DORA doll , its actually pretty cute it sings and dances in English and Spanish , and all I can say is I have never seen a child so mesmerized by such a toy . I am the good uncle now , ha , ha , ha . . I would recommend this toy , it looks durable and the kids really like it . I also got her the Boots doll , Dora 's sidekick I believe . .
 I brought this for my nieces 4th birthday and she just loved it and so did the older shildren at the party -LRB- 8 -RRB- dor teaches words in english and spanish and soon you child will be bilingual also . I would recommend this to everyone
 Got this for my daughter when she was 10 months . My daugher imitates the dancing and loves pushing Dora 's shoe lace to make her talk . She pulls her hair and knocks her over and Dora is still going . I love that she speaks both English and Spanish so that my daughter sees it 's normal for someone to be bilingual , like she will be .
 When i first bought the doll for my 3yr . old neice , i could n't get it to do the things it said it would . Then i called fisher price , and i had to take the plastic tab off the foot to get it out of store mode . Once i heard it do all the things it says it does i liked it and i think she will too . Shes a huge DORA fan .
 This is my daughters favorite toy and she is 2 years old . She goes EVERYWHERE with it . Dora the Explorer says has lots of different things in English and Spanish ... and my daughter loves all of the spanish words !! We speak English in our home so it is nice to have a doll that helps the children speak both english and spanish . My daughter can now count to 5 in spanish !! Plus ... . she loves the `` We did it '' song that dora sings ... she gets so excited and does the dance with her !! I think this toy is great for kids . I have nothing bad to say about this toy ... it is great !!!
 My daughter loves this toy . We would see it in the store and my daughter would always press the buttons . We put it on her birthday `` wish list '' and she got it ... it is very educational considering the age group it 's intended for.One of the only toys I know that teaches Spanish . I only wish it had a volume control . That 's the ONLY thing I do n't like about it.GREAT TOY . But nothing to hold attention for too long ... she plays with a few minutes each time and that 's it .
 I bought Dancing Dora for my daughter 's 2nd birthday and she absolutely loved it . It danced and talked when it was in the box , but when we took it out , it stopped dancing . I exchanged the original Dora for a new one , and it 's happened again . Dora wo n't dance or talk now . We love the doll , but it is n't very durable .
 Although my 2 year old adores her Dancing Dora doll , this doll is quite annoying to any parent or adult . I would say that after about 5 minutes of `` We did it ! We did it ! Yeahhhh , we did it ! '' , you 're tempted to throw this doll against the wall or out the nearest window.However , if you 've got earplugs nearby -- it 's great . The kids really do love this Dora .
 Both my kids love this doll . I had to go buy another one because they fight over it . My kids are 10 months and 25 months and they can not put it down . My 25 month old has dropped it several times and it still works . GREAT TOY . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 Every time we went to the store my 2 year old daughter would play with this in the box . It is an expensive toy , but her grandma bought it for her and I was sure she would get bored of it , but NO ! She puts Dora in a doll stroller and pushes her everywhere , we have to take her with us when we go anywhere . She pushes the button several times to skip the talking to go straight to the `` We did it '' song . I never get annoyed with it because it makes her so happy . Dora even spent an entire day in the rain , and was fine ! My daughter can even translate the spanish she speaks for us . I highly recommend for younger , toddler age kids . older kids may get bored with her quickly .
 My daughter loves this toy . She can speak and act like she is talking to Dora . Although Dora is very stiff she still enjoys carring her around . It is amazing when your 2 year old talks to you in Spanish . Thumbs up for Dora !!!!
 I think the is wonderful . My daughter is 4yrs old and my neice will be 1 on the 23 of this mnth and they both love it/i 'm going to have to purchase another one because they actually fight over this one/also i think it is very educational ... sarah
 I THINK DORA IS A VERY PRRTTY DOLL AND FUN TO PLAY WITH BECAUSE SHE TALKS DANCES AND MOST OF ALL ADORABLE TO HAVE AT HOME AND CHEERFUL MY 16 MONTH OLD BABY JUST LAUGHS WHEN SHE SEES DORA TALKS AND DANCES SO SHE WILL DANCE RIGHT WITH HER AND LAUGHS TOO SHE REALLY ENJOY HER COMPANY WE SEEN HER AT TOYS A US VERY ADDORABLE DOLL THANKS BLANCA PEREZ AND DIASMAR PEREZ
 My 4 mo old grand daughter loves this doll . I also have a 6 year old who had the same doll when she was an infant and loved it as well . She lost interest in it when she turned 2 though . I love the baby laughs !!!!
 Our granddaughter loves this toy . Sometimes she gets bored quickly , but she usually comes back to silly Dora.The greatest thing about this toy is that it teaches Spanish ! What a wonderful idea . I 've never seen the show but my Granddaughter loves it and it was a big hit at the birthday party.Picking it up I 'm afraid if I twist it , it will break , but I 'm certainly not going to try . I would recommend this .
 It was easy to put together . if you buy more then one you can push them together just like the stores . I made a store and my grandkids love these cart it added the final touch ... . great
 Our 3 yo daughter loves to dance on this mat with Barney . Highly recommended toy for a Barney fanatic !
 I bought this for my 21/2 year old son for Christmas . At first I did n't want to buy it because a lot of the reviews said that the Barney fell over and would n't stay on his little stand . I figured my son loves Barney so worst comes to worse he would hold barney and dance . It worked just fine . I blew him up and at first he looked a little limp but I just opened him up and really blew him up and capped the plug as fast as I could . That worked like a charm . Every day or two I have to blow hime up again . Not a big deal . The reward of seeing my son dancing and smiling is worth it .
 My two toddler age children have really enjoyed this toy . It is fun to dance to and gets them moving around . It will also ask the kids questions such as , `` Can you find the yellow star ? '' and will prompt them to keep playing with it , or will turn off on its own . The batteries seem to last a long time as well . We have had it for about a year and a half and they still play with it . The Barney is a blow-up figurine which occasionally will need to be re-blown . We also have the Wiggles dance mat but they do not like it as much . The Wiggles songs are not as clear sounding and do not flow into each other as well as the Barney mat .
 I bought this toy for my 21 month old daughter this Christmas . I wasnt too sure about it , because I read some reviews about it on this site after I had already bought it , but when I put it together she loved it . She loves to dance , so this was the perfect toy . One of the reviews said it took forever to blow up the Barney doll and it keeps falling off . Well for me . I had it blown up within seconds -LRB- and I didnt do it manually . I blew it up myself -RRB- also , the doll has not fallen over . Who ever had a problem with it just DID NOT FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS .
 this thing is so much fun it teaches people to dance move n groove barney is off the fisle fashisle dawg . so buy this thing for yourself and experiance the fun and joy of barney . barneys fun fun fun
 I 'M SO GALD THEY CAME OUT WITH THIS . IT IS VERY EDUCATIONAL TO THE KIDS AND FUN FOR THEM . MY CHILD WILL IT WHEN I GET IT FOR HER .
 We did not have any problems with this toy such as Barney falling over -LRB- just inflate him more to help him stand erect -RRB- and pulled it out for the first time at my daughter 's 2 year old birthday party . Her little friends were all intrigued with it and it kept them busy for a long time without any fights . The mat could be ripped up by rough handling , but it is quite durable and lots of dance fun .
 My 28 month daughter loves this Barney toy !!!!!!!!!!!!!! She is a happy with this toy . It is fun to dance to and gets them moving around.It 's adorable to watch !!! This is by no means one of those must-have toys .
 Gracias pero quisiera saber cuando el producto me llaga a mi hogar ... por que no lo he recibido ... mi numero de telefono es -LRB-787-RRB-607-1098 . . gracias por su atencion ... Sra . Maldonado
 I have 4 kids from 1 to 6 and they all loved this toy ! We have n't had any problems with it falling over . The only problem I have noticed is that it seems to go through batteries if you do n't turn it off when not is use . I think this is a great item especially for the price !
 We bought this toy for our 16 month old because he loves music and he loves Barney . The toy is a great hit with both our 4 year old and 16 month old . However Barney comes off the toy too easy . We have not had a problem that Barney falls off on his own however if the baby goes to touch Barney or hug him than he comes out of the socket . I think they should make the toy so if you do want to touch Barney that he does not come off the mat.Other than that I would recommend the toy .
 My 2 year old just received this toy yesterday and she and my 3 year old ca n't stop fighting over it !! They both just love it . The people who complained about blowing it up must have never blown up a beach ball before !!! It took me maybe 5 or 6 breaths to inflate it . And after hours of play ... Barney 's still standing . This is the first toy review I 've written and the only reason I wrote it is because I strongly disagree with all the poor reviews . It may not be the most educational toy but it 's great exercise for the kids !!!
 My 20 month daughter really loves this toy . The only problem we had at first was Barney falling off . We put more air into him & it seems like if he is fully inflated he does n't fall off unless my daughter would give him a great big hug he would fall off . No I would n't recommend that you let your pets run all over the mat as it is only vinyl and would get ripped easily by their claws .
 My 18 month daughter really loves this toy.Its true the only problem is Barney falling off.I solve it putting a handkerchief between the barney and the hole.My son is realleyt happy and he doesnt stop dancing .
 We got this for my two year old daugther last Christmas . At first , she was scared of it . She refused to get on and dance even though her older sister was dancing on it . Now , she 's about three and she 's been using it for about 6 months . We have never had a problem with Barney falling off of it though and all the buttons seem to make the right noise when she steps on them . Overall , I think this is a toy that your little one will like , especially if she likes to dance .
 My 18 mnth old loves this toy . She loves to dance with him even though she ca n't understand the steps yet . She especially loves to pick Barney up and run off with him ! It 's one of her favorite toys and my 6 mos old laughs when he hears Barney talk . He thinks it 's really cool that Barney is in our house . -LRB- :
 He got it yesterday for christmas and has n't stopped playing and dancing I got him 6 more toys but he will only play with this !
 My husband and I bought the Move 'n Groove Mat for our almost 2 year old daughter for Christmas and she enjoys it very much !!!! Even though I think the quality of the product is to be desired -LRB- the Barney figure come off the base very easy and deflates easily and the mat can become damaged by a family pet like a cat or dog -RRB- and not worth the recommended selling price , I think that if you have a child that is a Barney fanatic and loves to dance like our daughter , then this is a decent product .
 My nepfhew love that toy !!! he dancin over the mat for hours !!!
 My two year old daughter loves this toy . I just leave it out in the living room and she tears in their to dance with Barney . Product quality is a little low but I do n't believe it is that bad . Assembly was a simple .
 My 21 month old son loves this dance mat , but gets upset when Barney falls over . I 've read other reviews , and can see that it is not that ours is defective , but the toy was poorly designed . Fix the falling over problem , and you 've got yourself a great toy !
 The biggest problem I have encounted with this toy is inserting the batteries into the compartment.I have rated it 5 stars and I still ca n't get the battery into it , which means it 's not working yet , but I gave it 5 stars.Please modify the battery compartment .
 EXCELLENT ! MY SON LOVES IT . IT 'S THE BEST TOY I 'VE BOUGHT FOR HIM . HE IS 2 YEARS OLD .
 This really teaches and is a lot of fun but my daughter does n't play with it much . Barney detaches which is great because my daughter loves to carry him around .
 This game is awesome ! I have this game and it rocks . Based on the TV show , you can play Who Wants To Be A Millionaire at home ! And best of all , it 's made for kids ! This fun , fast paced game is sure to make you smart ! It 's very fun , and when you play this game , it makes you feel like you 're on the real game show on ABC . So if you know a Who Wants To be A Millionaire fan or Game Show lover , get them this !
 Nice figure , interesting anime . Reminds me of Mobius ' work . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
 This was purchased as a gift for my 7 year old grandson . He was thrilled with it . I liked the fact that it had a gyro that made it possible to see antartica without lifting up the globe . I also liked the raised effect of the mountain ranges . It seems like a sturdy globe and base .
 A very family friendly globe that articulates so that you can easily see the Southern Hemisphere , bright colors and all the lines seem to line up correctly , it should hold up well to three grandsons .
 Great globe - our kids have enjoyed it . Love that this company offers a substantial discount for future globes in this ever-changing world .
 This globe seemed to be the best based on the reviews I read . And so far it has lived up to those expectations .
 Pretty standard , it ; s nicely made , the seams are pretty accurate , the extra axis is a nice feature . It was a gift for my sister and she loves it .
 I wanted a globe my grandson would be able to use - he is 8 and loves it . He especially likes the raised mountain ranges and the ability to tilt the globe without taking it off the stand . This was a great purchase .
 This globe looks nice and displays most of the topography I was looking for . I had searched for a globe with relief features for both landmasses and ocean floors combined with political mapping and a base that would allow for both horizontal and vertical rotation . This globe has all but the ocean topography relief features and was reasonably priced .
 Got this for my 8 year old grandchildren . They are very happy with it . It makes it easier for them to visualize location of places they are studying .
 I CHOOSE THIS RATING BECAUSE IT IS NOT PERFECT BUT FOR THE MONEY AND WHAT MY WIFE WANTED , IT IS GREAT .
 What direction would you take - like say from Cleveland , to get to Moscow or Paris or Budapest or Yuma , Arizona ? Would you go straight east , west , or sort of skew a little from west to go a little southwest to Yuma ? The Pioneer World Globe is more than something to look at and impress your world traveler friends . The Pioneer World Globe will show you - and your friends , the relationships between America , her States , and Cities with the rest of the world - and just how close we are to everyone on earth . An important educational tool - this world globe , and an attractive one at that ...
 This product is made well because it was made in the United States . It came on time and exactly as described . Definitely worth the money !!!!
 The globe is up to date and very handy when TV news comes on with reports from semi unknown parts of the world.Good packaging and delivery
 My son uses this a lot for his Social Studies and it has been very helpful .
 This is my second Replogle globe . Replogle is the best ! Their Pioneer World Globe has a little of everything -LRB- well almost -RRB- . It shows major cities , raised relief mountains , ocean currents , color-coded countries and states , and legend . Like most of their globes , it also comes with a plastic time zone dial over the north pole , so you can sort of figure out what time it is in other parts of the world compared to others . My favorite feature which stands out among others is its gyroscopic apparatus , which enables you to tilt the earth upside down without lifting its base , so you can see Antarctica in its entirety . With other lower-priced globes , you have to lift the whole globe , and the base gets in the way , so you really can not see Antarctica.There are two things I dislike about this globe . It has no topographical information , but I suppose that is what the Atlantis World Globe is for . -LRB- I guess you can not have everything . -RRB- Also , it scratches easily , so do n't bang it around.Another insignificant thing I notice is the placement of the political information . Because the globe is constructed with strips of cardboard -LRB- like orange peels -RRB- , none of the city , state , or country names are printed across two strips . It does not take away from the quality of information ; it 's just quirky to look at . I am very detailed-oriented and pay attention to everything . Most of you probably will not even notice this .
 Pros : Great learning tool for 9-12 year olds.Excellent details.Up-to-date political boundaries.Cons : The globe 's skin seems could have been done better.The quality of the globe stand is not as good as I had hoped .
 We wanted to buy our family a globe and were surprised when we looked around and found that they are not cheap ! -LRB- Maybe this is common knowledge , but we were surprised -RRB- . So when we realized we would be spending at least $ 50 , we did our research . After reading reviews , we went with this one . And we are so glad we did ! It is a great quality . Some of the other globes we had looked at mentioned a wobbly or flimsy base , but this one seems good and solid , able to deal with the weight of the globe itself . One reviewer mentioned some lines being off and after looking really hard , I did find that it is a teensy weensy off matching lines before the equator and after . But my sister and I had to look to find that . Our globe has South Sudan on it , which pleased us very much -LRB- we travel to East Africa so that was kindof important to us -RRB- , and that became a country just a few months ago . The ability to tilt the globe upside down is such a pleasure ! All the family -LRB- including my parents -RRB- really loved that feature . I have no worries with letting my 2 yr old hold it either , it seems such good quality . I have already recommended it to several people .
 Well before finally selecting this globe to buy , I looked at all the others , and this one had all the features you would expect in a comprehensive globe . I had purchased a Replogle , World Nation Series globe 30 years ago , and it has still held up great . I decided to buy a new one finally , because of all the changes in geographic boundaries , and the new countries that have emerged in the past 30 years . It shows major cities , raised relief mountains , ocean currents , color-coded countries and states , and legend . Like most of their globes , it also comes with a plastic time zone dial over the north pole , so you can figure out what time it is in other parts of the world . This globe also has another great feature , a gyroscopic component , which enables you to tilt the earth upside down without lifting its base , so you can see Antarctica in its entirety . With other lower-priced globes , you have to lift the whole globe , and the base gets in the way , so you really can not see Antarctica.This globe is very well made , and it has a hefty metal base , and the gyroscopic component is made of the same hefty metal as the base . They even included a big metal washer between where you screw in the base to the gyroscopic component , so this prevents you from over tightening the screw , and will prevent the base from coming loose . My last one did not have the washer , so over time the base woud become loose , and would require retightening of the screw.The equator consists of a blue tape that sticks on the globe very well , and is not peeling away anytime soon.I have read some other reviews from people whom gave this globe one star , because the equator was slightly peeled away upon delivery . Big Deal ! Mine came perfectly glued on , and if the end of the tape ever peeled a little , you can just put a small dot of glue on the edge , stick it back on , and problem solved.The globe surface is also nice and glossy , and some have also said it will scratch easy , but my other 30 year old globe that this new one replaced , was just as glossy , and with 3 kids using it all the time for the first 18 years I had it , not one scratch ever appeared , so the surface is made very well . I would not recommend cleaning it with any liquids though , just use a slightly damp cloth , or a feather duster would be the better choice to clear the dust off , if any accumulates.The only con I can possibly think of is the country of Sudan is not divided into north and south Sudan , which officially just happened several months ago , but that 's no big deal . I would not expect the manufacture to recall thousands of globes , and throw them away , just to make new globes with a border differentiating Northern from Southern Sudan . I know that this country has been geopolitically split , as do many other people , and that 's what matters here . The bottom line is the globe is current!I am very pleased I purchased this globe , and without the kids using it anymore , but just my wife and I , this globe will last another 30 years + 20 !
 I purchased this globe for my daughter 's 6th to 8th graders . Her job is a challenging one filled with classrooms full of rambunctious pre-teens . The Pioneer Globe allows for interaction with real-world events -LRB- Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan -RRB- and real-world tragedies -LRB- California fires , Hurricane Katrina -RRB- and life-altering events -LRB- polar ice caps , and Greenland melting -RRB- . This globe is up-to-date and the children can see and learn where all these events are happening .
 This is an excellent , information packed globe . A bargain for the money ! I was looking for a sturdy , easy to see globe with enough information to be useful . The last one we had was on a plastic base and it broke fairly soon . This one has a metal base and is suspended in a metal ring so you can view the world from any angle and spin it on it 's axis . The mapping seemns to be of good quality . The globe is colorful and the size is just right - it is n't so small that you ca n't read the printing -LRB- some of us may need a magnifying glass for the many extra details this globe provides -RRB- . It shows the basic info - the continents , countries , states and lattitude and longitude . The major lakes , rivers and mountain ranges -LRB- with elevations -RRB- , etc. are also labeled . There are numerous cities marked in addition to capitals and before getting this globe I was never aware of how many islands there are in the oceans ! The names of the islands are accompanied by the countries with which they are affiliated . The oceans are very detailed with names of geographic elements of the ocean floors as well as shipping lanes and current information and names of gulfs , bays , and seas . There 's a nice legend printed in the South Pacific that explains the symbols used on this easy to understand globe . Great for students and the curious in this ever changing goegraphic landscape . Another perk - this globe is updatable ! In my opinion , for the money you ca n't beat it .
 We bought this globe for our 6 year old grandson who loves maps , calendars , and learning new things . He enjoys finding locations and getting a better idea where they are in the world . The globe pivots so he can see the north and south poles without lifting the globe ; it has mountain features and the colors help identify boundaries very well . It also has other features he will learn as his experience grows . So far , it has been an excellent choice .
 A really good quality globe with plenty of city information on it . Sturdy and still light enough for the kids to be able to handle . I bought this for a school group and I know this will get plenty of use .
 I wanted a globe that spins in more than one axis for the living room for kids to learn about the world . This was a good value and they can read it clearly .
 Globe is a good size and can spin and tilt for viewing . Has a plastic base which is sturdy it just looked like a metal base in the picture . Very satisfied .
 It 's a nice globe , the mountains are not as textured as I expected , but that 's fine . My daughter wonders if the countries are colored like the colors on the globe , I try to explain , that they are not like that in real life .
 I bought this globe to teach my daughter geography and for my own reference . I 'm pleased with it . The base seems durable . The instructions are worth a read and discuss things like time zones .
 Other reviewers have said the base was some sort of plastic , but that was not the case on mine , it is some kind of cheap metal as are the thingies that swivel the thing around.I still do n't understand why this globe costs so much , but all the others on which you can swivel it about to look at Antarctica from the side seem to be in the same price range , so I wo n't deduct stars for that .
 This globe is far superior in comparison to the $ 40 globes at office supply stores . The all-metal frame and base is solid . I am SO happy I chose this product . The price is VERY reasonable for the quality of this globe .
 This globe is worth the price it costs . The base is sturdy !!!! I home school my 6 year old and we like how we can keep the base of the globe on the ground but turn it upside down to see Antarctica . That has made it easier teaching him the continents .
 I got this globe for my cousin 's daughter . She loves it very much . I recommend this product to parents who want to encourage their kids to be more worldly .
 I bought this globe as a present for my granddaughter and she loves it . It is sturdy , up to date , attractive , educational , and a great conversation piece .
 Pioneer GlobeThis globe is exactly what I wanted and even better than I expected . The colors are great and the ridges on the globe to show the topography is really a nice feature . We 've wanted a globe for my husband 's home office for quite awhile but had n't found one we really liked so I 'm happy we finally found this one .
 We received this in the mail today . It is very beautiful and my kids are in awe of it . As a homeschool family , we felt that the flat map was no longer adequate . I must say , that as nice as this is , and I do n't have much to compare it to , it is a bit pricy . I think it is more in the $ 39.99 price ... but that 's just my opinion . Hopefully it will last many years of educating our kids at home .
 Great item and will be well used by my curious 7 year old Grandson . He uses it for his homework and it has been helpful in his understanding of world events .
 This was a gift for my father , a former History professor . He is very pleased with it and uses it every day . My only complaint is that the ecuator adhesive tape came loose during shipping , but I fixed it .
 This was a gift for my grandchild . Nice globe with raised mountains . It was also much appreciated from the recipient that the globe actually turns upside down for arctic viewing .
 My son uses this a lot for his Social Studies as well as to find places - if they happen to be mentioned in a book he is reading . It has been very helpful . He compares things shown on the globe to a spread out map he has - and yes he had found things which are shown on the globe and were missing in the map .
 We gave this globe to our son , daughter-in-law and granddaughter for Christmas . They seemed very pleased with it . They liked the way you can tilt it to see the bottom -LRB- south pole -RRB- . I think it is a good value for the money .
 I looked at less expensive globes with plastic bases before I decided to purchase this one . It has been a great choice . It seems well built . I owned a plastic one before and it broke off the base . I am glad to have this one which looks nice and also is easy to use and sturdy so my kids can take it off the shelf and examine it whenever they want . I like the way it moves in all directions so all parts on the globe are easy to see .
 The World Scholar Globe has exquisite detail in the art work . All of the countries are in wonderful color .
 I bought this game on a whim , and have had fun with it ever since ! Think of it as trivial pursuit with gothic-themed questions.The object of the game is to fill your graveyard plot with 13 tombstones . To get tombstones , simply answer the questions read to you by the `` inquisitor . '' The questions include categories such as morbid movies , `` stiffs '' -LRB- deceased -RRB- , gothic music , and books . A lot of the movie questions seem to deal with older horror classics including Hammer horror films , and earlier black and white silent pics like the `` Cabinet of Dr. Caligari '' and `` Nosferatu , '' as well as Vincent Price and Bela Lugosi films . Much of the music questions seem to come from 80 's gothic music including Souxsie and the Banshees and some other early punk , metal , and goth bands . Book questions are geared towards Anne Rice , the Marquis de Sade , Edgar Allen Poe , and horror authors such as John Saul.True , some of the questions are rather random and do n't seem very `` goth '' related , but for the most part they actually do have something to do with the goth subculture , or at least morbid curiosity . If you are newer to the gothic subculture , then some of the questions might be more difficult , as not very many of them deal with the current scene . Newer bands and movies are n't really mentioned . I would have given this game 5 stars if it had slightly more emphasis on the more current trends in all categories , but it still makes for hours of good , clean , creepy fun!Hint
 Got this for my cousin for Christmas . She is a big horror movie buff . She absolutely loved it .
 Admittedly , I 'm easily swayed by spooky gimmicks . I have 3 boxes of count Chocula in the cupboard right now . So a game that features tiny tombstones is going to charm me immediately whether or not it has substance.Well I cracked the game open this weekend and was pleasantly surprised . It was easily to follow with just a few twists to make it interesting but not a ton of special rules . The trivia questions spanned a wide variety of topics.I know there are other gother-than-thou Amazon reviewers complaining about the content , and to them I say lighten up ! Goths -LRB- and non-goth fans of the macabre -RRB- come from all walks of life , and we all have different tastes that make up our spooky little worlds . The literature questions based on vampire novels were a total mystery to me . The ones about Elvira were super-easy . I 'm sure there are people out there that know tons about vampire novels and have never watched Elvira . Such is the way of the world . Just play along and learn something new .
 My family , friends and I just loved this game ! The questions are amazingly well put together , drawn from every imaginable genre and source , and are often surprising . These brain teasers span decades of folklore , pop culture , urban legends , supersitions , classic horror and modern myth . No matter what the question or the source , it 's all GOTH , and it 's fantastic!So much fun was had with this game . The board is small and simple but looks exactly like a Goth board game should . If you 're anything like our family , you 'll be more interested in the trivia and how much you did n't realize you know about Goth info than the board and the asthetics.We bought this as a Halloween friends and family game , but I can tell we 're going to be playing this game all year round . It 's that good ! If Goth , horror , and things that go bump in the night are your thing , you 'll love this game !
 This was a Christmas present for my daughter . My husband and I played this game with her and her boyfriend as we thought we knew a lot about Horror . Boy were we wrong . This has some very obscure facts and is interesting though a long game for unless you know these obscure facts . It takes a bit of getting use to as everything is backwards from a regular board game , but very enjoyable . This is a must have for those that like games and horror .
 I 've played alot of board games , but this one takes the cake . True , I did n't know very much to start with , but now I know a bit more than once before . It may be useless information , but if it ever comes up on a TV game show , you 'll know it .
 I purchased this for use at astronomy outreach events for my astronomy club . The globe has been very helpful at showing people the features they see on the the Moon using our telescopes . It serves that role very well.The globe seems solid and durable . The plastic stand makes it easy to demonstrate details around the globe . The globe includes very many craters , mountains , rilles and other details . There are labels for interesting locations such as the various manned and unmanned missions . It also shows the limits of the surface that is visible from Earth.Why only 4 stars ? Sometimes there are so many names that some features are obscured . Also , the dark shading of the lunar maria is not indicated on the map -- the whole surface is the same shade of grey.Overall , this is a very good product for our use .
 This is a deceptively nice globe . As it sets on the shelf at a distance it appears a monotone silvery gray-green unremarkable globe.This is a free standing globe that sets on a clear plastic stand . Nice 12 '' size . Looks and feels like a quality globe.This globe is meant to be picked up and held . Very detailed craters and seas/plains are marked and named . I had no idea so many famous names were used for objects on the moon . The more you look the more you see . East and west terminators are marked so you know when you 've reached the `` DARK SIDE '' Luke.This has become a favorite here at the house . This is not a flash in the pan gift and might be ignored at first but if picked up , it will spark the imagination . A gift that gets better over time .
 Loved the moon globe ... would make a wonderful gift to anyone intestered in studying the heavens ... the moon phases in particular are so vivid with the globe ... get out your telescope -LRB- or not -RRB- and see what the heavens have to offer . Then check out the computer to see what NASA has to offer the student.NASA Moon GlobeLeave this on table top or desk for frequent checks !!
 The moon globe was packaged in 2-boxes soon that it was not damaged in shipping . My 7-year old grandson had been wanting a moon globe for a number of years . He was very excited with the globe and enjoyed reading the names of the different craters .
 Great for decoration and looking up estimated areas of significant landmarks on the moon , only thing is the longitude and latitude lines do n't match up along the equator . . other than that it is great ! The base is a little flimsy doesnt really match but easily replaceable
 I read some of the other posts before buying this globe , and I was greatly concerned about the build quality -LRB- though I ordered it anyway -RRB- . While I would n't describe the quality of the globe as stellar , some of my longitude lines are misaligned by about 1-2mm , it is certainly not low enough quality that I would significantly dock its rating . I have seen similar globes on this stand cost 100 dollars , so I was also fairly happy with the price . I should also note that there were some fine indents -LRB- almost like scratches -RRB- on the surface of the globe , but they are barely noticeable , even in direct light.All in all , a decent buy , nothing I regret , but there may be better ones out there .
 The moon globe was exactly what my son wanted . I 'm really glad we purchased it . It 's a nice size and there are a lot of details .
 I purchased this for my daughter who has built other similar products . This one , like the others , sometimes had issues with parts fitting together they way the instructions describe . However , a little ingenuity and small fingers can solve most issues . The lights and sounds are kind of gimmicky and did n't stay in place after being built anyway . I think this product would be great without those features and could possible lower the price point . Otherwise , it operates well and was fun to build .
 I got this vacuum for my daughter when she was 3 she is now 51/2 . I decided on this one because it was Barbie and looked so pretty , actually resembles mine except for the colors . I just did n't see the point in insisting on getting her one that really vacuums . It is a toy after all , I have a real vacuum to clean up . Plus it seemed to me like just another thing to go wrong -LRB- something to get clogged or break -RRB- . My daughter never missed that part of it , and has had fun just `` pretending '' . It sounds like a real vacuum too.The only minor durability issue I had with it was that after a while the pedal for adjusting the handle broke . I 'm sure it 's probably from my daughter being too rough , forgetting to step on the pedal and instead forcing the handle to go back . Just something to watch out for ; make sure that they know how to operate it . We still have this vacuum and after all this time my daughter often still gets it out to help me vacuum .
 I bought this for my independent 21/2 year-old after she started trying to take my vacuum cleaner away from me as I was using it . Now she has her own and any time I start using mine she runs to get hers so she can vacuum with me . This toy is pink and white and decorated with daisies . It has a button on the base which the child can step on to lower the handle just like a real upright -LRB- although my daughter is n't strong enough yet to press it all the way down -RRB- . There is a hose attachment on the side and a knob on the base that makes a clicking sound when it 's turned . The power knob is on the back . When you press the pink button at the top , Barbie 's voice announces , `` Hi , it 's Barbie . Let 's vacuum . '' then a vacuum sound starts , the front lights up and little pink and white foam pebbles bounce around in the front window . The lights are n't very bright and the air that blows the pebbles is n't that strong so they sometimes get stuck , but my daughter seems most interested in the vacuum sound . She plays it over and over the whole time we 're vacuuming .
 My parents make my siblings and I help with chores -LRB- except for my 2 and a half year old sister Molly -RRB- and I was chosen to do the vacuuming , because they said that I was old enough . -LRB- 11 -RRB- . Molly kept on coming in when she heard the vacuum and kept on trying to take it off me . So eventually I 'd turn it off and -LRB- if I was in the living room -RRB- put her on the stairs , and put the child safety gate on the stairs . Well , as you can imagine , she cried and cried . Then after about 6 months of this , my parents got her the Barbie vacuum for her birthday . And she now vacuums with her Barbie vacuum with me at age five . -LRB- I 'm 13 ! -RRB-
 I bought this for my 2 year old and she has had so much fun with it for the last 4 years ! Her younger brother and sister and a bunch of friends have all played with it and it still works great . They love to feel like they are helping me vacuum the floor . : -RRB-
 I bought this for my little granddaughter . . She loves playing house , kids will love it ...
 I got this for my nephew because he loves to vacuum . I know I should not since he is boy , but is he only 2 . He loved it , and man did he put it through the ringers . It held up no problem . the Barbie voice is very annoying . which he loved to press the button over and over.No educational value , but since I did not have to leave this at my house , I loved it . He had lots of fun .
 I lavd thiz vacum Clener becas itt mad a col sond thatt rely sondeed lik Momis ! Itt iz mi faverit tooy . Whenn Momi vacums I vacum wit heer becas tha vacum sonds lik heers !
 This bear turned out to be more off-white or creamy colored instead of white . Since I ordered it to make a `` ringbear '' for my wedding in August , it was kind of a big deal that it 's not white . Should be in the description . If it was going to be used as a regular child 's toy , it would be perfect .
 I would recommend all beginners to purchase this . It is very cheap and the dvd provided is very informational -- not so much the internet support though . It comes with mostly everything you 're going to need -- the guitar , the bag , 2 picks , dvd , `` book '' -LRB- more like 3 pages -RRB- wires and a stand for the guitar . So all you would have to buy apart from this would be some sort of tuner . I think it is a very good deal . :] -RSB-
 We recieved this guitar and during the tuning a string broke , they do not give instructions as to how to replace the strings but they include two additional strings . It is a very pretty instrument and my son love it ! For the price it is wonderful , and the additional items that come with it are a great little bonus
 They are very cute , the only problem it is very hard to change the clothes on the dolls , they are pretty tight .
 My 4 year old daughter loves her Only Hearts Dolls and always enjoys dressing them up and changing their outfits . When we found this costume online for her we knew it would be a hit . Since all of her other clothes are quite simple , she was delighted to have such a fancy new outfit to send her imagination off . She has been able to put it on her doll with little or no assistance except for the crown which she brings to me to do . It is nicely made , with lots of little sparkles to appeal to the kids . A little bonus , since this is a tail , is that this does not come with shoes which we always manage to loose just one of .
 I bought the apron to hold teacher items -LRB- scissors , hole punch , pencils , etc. -RRB- to save me steps as I walked around the room . I also use a pocket for my cellular pone . Works fine .
 This is a great item . My son spends hours building new things . This is his second erector set . He loves all the new things he can make . I love the case this one came with . It helps keep him organized .
 My wife and I purchased this set as a birthday present for our seven year old grandson . We had noticed that he was very creative in creating Lego buildings from scratch -LRB- no plans -RRB- , and thought that he was ready for something more challenging and flexible . And he has been delighted . He has run though all the designs included , and is now turning his own ideas into `` realities . ''
 Erector Metal Construction Set -LRB- Styles may Vary -RRB- The set is the one shown in the picture . I was afraid it might not be , due to the disclaimer . The case is nice , a little leaky though . The steel girders have been updated since I was a kid . They are flat now and finished on both sides . The bolts are updated too ; they are Allen-head -LRB- hex -RRB- bolts . The Allen wrench is included . The nuts are chrome finished and a few lock-nuts are included as well . I ca n't remember how the wheels used to be secured , but they are secured with little rubber rings now and do n't work all that well . Most of the pulleys are plastic . The big pulley is metal and has a tiny Allen-head set screw with the smaller Allen wrench included . The instructions were enclosed and every part was there , with a few extra bolts and nuts thrown in for good measure . I 'm happy with the kit , but its short on parts if you like to built from imagination . Another kit to throw in the case would definitely help .
 As construction toys go , people who are buying Meccano/Erector should probably understand from the outset that this is a toy designed by Frank Hornby before WWI and it is not for people who want instant gratification . This toy is solid metal.Yes , it is not easy to put this stuff together . Technical Lego is considerably easier to work with.Despite the name , this set is actually made by Meccano in France . Meccano was the company that originally invented the idea over a century ago and licensed the idea to Erector . This kit was made on the original Meccano machinery . So the quality , fit and finish is easily as good , if not better than the Meccano of old , even though some parts may be slightly different to the Erector versions.There have been some changes in the design . Most notably they have gone to using hex head screws rather than slot headed -LRB- good -RRB- and they have gone back to using square nuts rather than the hexagonal ones on some of the older sets . All in all this is a much better kit than Meccano was selling in the 1970s . This kit has lots of metal pieces and plenty of parts to build a lot of models . They have added some plastic parts , but they all seem to be pretty sensible and useful . The plastic carry case is fantastic.What you do n't get is many of the larger 25 hole strips or any large angle girders . But those are fairly plentiful on Ebay as the large parts tended to survive much better than the small . Also missing -LRB- and hard to find -RRB- are any of the gears . But those pretty much disappeared from the kits shortly after WWII , so not exactly a surprise .
 We received a box labeled special edition with 643 pieces and 25 designs . All the pieces were accounted for and there were a few extras of the smaller components too . We built the super cool crane which used up almost all of the parts -LRB- hint
 I bought this for our 10 year old son who is very fond of building and/or assembling anything . The set arrived in good condition and we have n't discovered any missing parts . He was quite impressed with the package and did find the assembly work a bit more challenging than his previous experience with Lego models . More than a few times he had to backtrack in the directions to get it right.A couple of caveats
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old nephew . I wanted him to have a fun but challenging gift that would educate and provide creative and challenging opportunities for him to make things with his dad or me , or on his own . I also wanted him to have something he would n't outgrow quickly.This erector set meets all of those objectives ; I think it 's the coolest gift I 've ever gotten him . The quality of the set is very , very good . The steel pieces are relatively heavy , and the finished projects are VERY solid . I totally disagree with the few naysayers regarding the quality of this set ; it is VERY well made.The documentation for the projects is also very clear . My nephew and I built the dune buggy project together over the course of a couple of days , and the schematics laid out exactly what pieces you needed , where they went , and in what order to assemble them . There is no text , but you do n't need any because of the clarity of the schematics . He played with his finished dune buggy and made his own modifications to it throughout his spring break this year.If you 're giving this as a gift to a younger child , you should consider that in some cases it really helps to have two sets of hands , but that of course is part of the fun . . building something together . There are a lot of pieces , some of them small , but the carrying case opens like a tool box and has plenty of little containers to hold the many different parts.Final note
 Great product ; I used parts of this as a mount for 2 of my engineering projects so far and it is fantastic . I could have fabricated the parts myself , but this set has everything and more . I love how erector sets can mount pretty much anything with standard screw hole diameters .
 My 9 year-old son received this set for Christmas . Here we are 2 months later and he is still playing with it . Great value for children with an active imagination . I love that there are instructions to build multiple vehicles and all of the parts work together .
 Bought the Erector Set as Christmas gift for a 10 year old . This is a good quality product , most parts are metal and there are no sharp edges . The assembly hardware -LRB- small nuts and bolts -RRB- are of good quality . The instructions , while they are all detailed step-by-step diagrams , are very well developed , and the 10 year old picked up the concept quickly but does need some adult assistance as we chose a rather complex project -LRB- the motorized helicopter -RRB- to start . For these building projects I think the diagrams work better than written instructions . The case is sturdy and functional . The off-forward-reverse switch is located on the battery pack making it more difficult to operate than if it were a wired remote switch .
 My grandson loves this set , but the box was cracked when it arrived . It 's too bad that he could n't get a new storage container . The one that it came with came with drawers , etc , so it keeps things organized . That is the only thing that I am disappointed in .
 tho it is a bit advanced from what he is use to , he made a few pieces from the instructions and has moved on to creating his own designs . Great hours of fun for a crafty kid on a snowy day .
 My son loves this gift !!! Spend hours playing !!! He has built things taken a picture and rebuilt things . I love his creativity !!!
 This was for my Grand Daughter who is into building things -LRB- age 13 -RRB- . She was thrilled & built a helecoptor first off .
 My son loves Legos , but he 's getting older and needed more of a challange . This was perfect for a 12 year old boy . He loved it !
 I had an erector set as a kid . I thought Id buy this for my youngest son to see what would happen . He is ten . He loves it !! well made and everything was there .
 This was a Christmas gift for a 71/2 year old . He was absolutely thrilled . We 've had great success with Erector products .
 The product is great but I am missing all the axles making it hard for my grandson to make things . Where can I get the axles ?
 Santa brought this gift to our 8 year old son . He loves it . A great Erector set with lots of options to create your own ideas or the suggestions they give you .
 This is a x mass gift and I am so glad I selected this product for mygrandson . Very High quality material .
 Not sure how good is the toy becase it was a gift for my newphew . I guess is good he has n't tell me anything
 I bought this toy for my 6 year old grandson , an experienced Leggo assembler for his birthday . It has been an instant hit . At his level , it presents a challenge for sure , requiring parental help , but he is more persistent than most kids his age with respect to this type of activity and completed his first effort was a twin engine aircraft with motor driven props that was really a hit . He has a re real sense of accomplishment in the first creative device . He has had to learn new terms for each of he parts that he had not been exposed to previously and enjoys playing with the plane . I think the designation of age 7 at the bottom range is about right .
 My son loves robots , cars , and legos , so I figured this would be a good choice for a birthday present this year.I had picked up this kit , as well as the little powered tool for Erector sets , and my son loved them both.He 's still a little wary and needs to build up some confidence with this , since it 's more complex to do than Legos are , but he loves that he can pick from a bunch of things to build , and that there are so many options that appeal to him.It 's a good step from the legos , since he 's got to work so carefully with his hands now with the assembly , it 'll help improve his coordination , and the complexity will definitely help him get to the next level of following instructions.Some of the pieces are plastic , but that does n't seem to be imposing any issues for us.All in all , a nice set with a lot of options to give him a new way to play . And he 's already looking at just making his own random creations , so I 'm curious to see what his imagination can create .
 I bought this for my 9 year old grandson . He has built many things in the past with legos , but I thought he may like a change . I wondered if he would be able to build on his own , but after watching him sit down and build something within 30 minutes - all by himself - I was no longer concerned .
 My 8 year old son got this for a birthday present and absolutely LOVES it ! I ` ts important to get a METAL erector set -LRB- the lower priced sets are plastic - too `` little kid '' -RRB- . A great way to get your kids away from the TV and video games !
 I bought this Erector set because I saw my 6-year old son enjoying tinkering with nuts and bolts and building parts on his own . This set is great , but very complex . Overall my son and I have enjoyed working on the different models it can make -- it truly does build out at least 8-9 different items . The only thing disappointing about this set is the electric motor is far under powered to make the heavier items run . I first built the Race Car , and the motor could not come close to powering it at all . Nevertheless , it is serving as the building toy I wanted for my son and I. I still highly recommend it for parents with a lot of patience and children with a solid attention span . The included instructions are perfectly clear , but they are quite complex .
 Both of my older boys love it so far . Only down side the switch on battery broke . Otherwise no missing pieces . All went together nice just follow instructions precisely .
 Received in timely manner . Grandchildren have spent hours assembling all sorts of things . Super gift to develop their manipulative skills .
 What fun and hours of entertainment ! Grandson spends all day making different machines and bringing them to show me . He has not played video games since this arrived .
 Ca n't wait to build this with my twelve year old boy . Actually has to build before he can use this motorized racing car .
 It is a really neat set but if you carry it by the handle everything spills all over in the case .
 I gave this as a gift but got to indulge my childhood again . I like the old school style metal set as opposed to the plastic . The only challenge we had constructing is that our hands are n't as small as they used to be and the nuts and bolts were hard to handle .
 I am not happy with this product ... well , the people who shipped it that is . I got this for my nephew and it came zipped tied together because the case is broke . If they new it was broke it should have never been sent . I have n't returned it cause it is so close to Christmas , so now I have to give him a broke gift and then return it
 got this for my 9 yr old son for Christmas . -LRB- he has not gotten it yet -RRB- my husband and i are very impressed with it . yes we opened it before he got it
 this is such a versatile toy . It is a perfect gift . It is everything and more than what I expected .
 Tween = between legos and adult &#34; toys &#34; My son just LOVES this set , he 's an advanced 11 year-old boy and he has n't stopped building since he got this weeks ago.Worth every penny !
 My son is 81/2 and this was his first erector set . It took about 1/2 hour to build one thing with dad 's help . We thought it was awesome . It 's a nice alternative to Lego Star Wars and then Lego Ninjago , which is what he normally builds . This was like the next step up . It seemed just perfect for his age . He has been building with legos for about 3 years now.The good thing about this set -LRB- and maybe about other sets too , I 'm not sure -RRB- is that there are many different objects you can build with this one set , unlike with legos , where the instructions guide you to build one thing . We have only built one thing with this set so far.The only downside of this toy is that it gets built , but then it sits around and is n't played with much . However , we have found the same to be true with legos . The joy is in the building , following instructions , and achieving the finished product . It still keeps my son challenged and intrigued . He is great at following instructions and sticking with it , and I think these types of building toys have encouraged those skills.The ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars is because I thought the price was high .
 If you 're reading this , odds are you grew up playing with an Erector set and you 're now considering one for your child . The good news is they 're still just as cool as they were when you had one . The materials have actually been improved . The straight peices are now completely flat , rather than the beveled sides they used to ship in the old sets . They 're made of a more rigid metal as well . This allows for a little more flexability in what your kids can design and build . At first I thought the price was a little steep , but my 8 year old has easily gotten $ 100 worth of enjoyment out of this set . I actually ended up buying another set to ship to a relative for his upcoming birthday , so yes , you 're getting what you pay for .
 My son loves to build things . He has a huge Lego collection but I thought it was time to take it up a notch to a more intricate construction set . After researching a number of construction sets , I decided on the good ` ol Erector set . I had one as a boy and my dad had one when he was little . I 'm glad I went with the Special Edition because it comes with detailed instructions to build about 15 or 17 different structures . Many other Erector set kits only have one design , such as a race car or train . I 'm not saying they would n't add educational value but once it 's built , it 's built . The whole point is to find a toy which can be used over and over again . The Special Edition does just that . My 9-year old son loves it . In fact , my 7-year old daughter plays with it too and I 'm happy about that . I think the eye-hand coordination , thought process to intrepret instructions , and the spatial thinking needed to understand how the parts go together benefits all who play with it . I 'd like to see additional instructions offered so the fun can continue . Not sure what will happen after the last of the 17 kits is put together . Highly recommended .
 This toy is so cool . The day I got it I opened it up to find tons of pieces and instructions . I spent a lot of time just building the models that were in my head . This is sooo cool . If you buy this , you are NOT wasting you ' r money .
 First ... the `` Motorized Racing Car & More '' set is exactly the same as the `` Special Edition '' set . The simply changed the name , its the same 643 piece set.Second , their is a problem with the motorized unit . The switch design on the battery pack is extremely poor . If the switch is not fully thrown to the left or right or fully in the center off , it will melt and be rendered useless . My son and I built the airplane model first -LRB- he 's 6 , took us a few hours together -RRB- , and after 10 minutes of play the motor quit working -LRB- no , not 10 minutes of continuous running -RRB- . Well , he had n't quite thrown the switch fully , and after taking it apart the flaw was apparent . Its a proprietary double pole , double throw switch built on a PCB board . There is n't enough space between the board contacts . If the switch is in between positions , the contactor is shorting the positive and negative leads of the battery pack together on the board . This causes lots of heat , quickly heats the thin metal contactor , and in the process melts the switch handle . In my opinion it should recalled , I do n't know if its possible to melt or rupture 4 AA batteries by shorting them , but they got really warm . I had to rig up a new submini DPDT switch as a replacement on the outside of the unit.Otherwise ... it 's a great erector set . We built the crane after I fixed the battery pack . It 's pretty awesome . It uses a 48:1 gear reduction -LRB- more like pulley reduction -RRB- , on the motor and it can lift quite a bit of weight for a toy . Both the boom and the cable of the crane run off the motor , it 's a pretty ingenious model I think . Crane also rotates on the base via a manually controlled wheel . Took him , with my help , most of a Saturday plus a couple hours of the following Sunday .
 My 17 year old LOVES this set . In the first week he made a working crane and then built a truck to set the crane on . He was able to follow the directions easily . Then he was able to quickly figure out ways to build his own creations . Well worth the money .
 Contrary to other reviews I 've read , I am totally satisfied with this product . Even though it is not of the quality of older sets -LRB- what is today -RRB- it still entertains and trains young minds.The set was received on time in perfect condition . Because of some of the reviews we had read concerning missing parts , we inventoried the contents and found everything as listed in the manual.We anticipate many years of enjoyment as we enjoy our grandchildren getting the same enjoyment we received many many years ago .
 I grew up playing with the Erector sets of the 60s and 70s . As the other reviewer said , these new sets are an improvement . The models each take a few evenings to build -LRB- the pictured crane took my 7 year old and I three evenings to complete -RRB- , but that is the beauty of the toy . It takes a while and it is a bit difficult to build the really cool stuff . What other toy teaches that lesson today ?
 I had a set when I was a kid . I made sure my kids had a set when they were growing up . I just got my grandson 's a kit for Christmas . It was great to work with them and show them the basics . It keeps them busy for hours . In my opinion , this is one of the best toys that you can buy your kids . It sparks their interest and teaches them to concentrate on details and think ahead a few steps when building a project .
 My nine year old son received this for Christmas and is having fun building one of the models . I could sense the frustration he was having so I helped him out a little . I also became frustrated and realized I had to re-adjust my attitude because even putting the battery case together is a challenge!Then I realized that 's the point - this is delicate work and much more advanced then the hardest Lego models . You have to use your brain and be patient to build this - great life lessons and a really good toy .
 i purchased this for a gift for my grandson . was received in time and he is having a good time building
 My son was absolutely thrilled with this erector set . He has built several of the models and he feels like he has the &#34; best Erector set in the world ! &#34;
 Not only my son , also for us the parents it is a very good toy . It takes a little bit longer to follow the instruction . The product has good quality . And it is definitively a good start for kids to learn construction work .
 The recipient of this gift was very pleased ! This set gives a broad range of possibilities for a creative mind . It should provide hours of entertainment .
 This is a great set if you 're already an experienced builder . The instructions for the different models are not that great , but they are of the same quality as previous sets I 've purchased . Would not recommend this as a &#34; first &#34; set for a beginner as most of the models are extremely complicated . However , being in my 30 's , this is n't my first rodeo . Very pleased overall . I think the case could be of a bit better quality , but it is n't a big enough problem for me to give this item less than 5 stars .
 My grandson is a lego kid ! So I decided he needed something more challenging . He -LRB- and his mom -RRB- is really intobuilding motorized gadgets with it , and loves to try new things with this construction set . I am glad he likes it , becauseit was a pricey item . I 'll consider getting him another set for his birthday .
 My boys really enjoy this set . As with all sets you could really use more pieces to build bigger and larger products but we are very happy with this set .
 This set has been a lot of fun so far and very educational for kids.e
 My grandson was completely engrossed in this erector set as soon as he opened it . I was concerned that it might be overwhelming to have so many little parts , but soon he was building a catapult and even making some adaptations ! He even enjoyed putting all the little parts in their proper storage compartments . The carrying case was well made , too . Best of all , we can add to it over time as his interest and skill improve .
 I bought this as a gift . It came on time and in great shape . Thank you .
 This is a bit more of a review of the PRESENTATION than the toy . -LRB- I was `` sold '' on the toy as a youngster . -RRB- What was very helpful to me was the ability to select from what appeared to be the entire line of these erector sets . I also found the history interesting . Finally , though I was doing my shopping a bit late , your company delivered the set in a timely manor and the purchasing procedure was easy and accurate . Thank you .
 Purchased this for our 8 year old grandson to enjoy when he comes to visit . He loves it ! It should provide years of fun for him .
 This is a gift for my grandson for Christmas . He asked for an erector set but I had no idea where to purchase this . My daughter told me to try Amazon , they had just what he wanted and at a reasonable price .
 It is really a great added value for the kids , even for parents enjoying a joint activity with their own kids . I 've used to play with the old versions as a kid , i thought to bought one of the new sets to my kids now . it adds a lot of value added for all of my kids -LRB- 6 , 10 , 12 years old -RRB- , not only of individual level , on a joint projects built by the 3 of them as well as me joining them to build the next project . the joy also came when they finished the 1st model and started recording a full documentary on how they built it and how did they reach the final model .
 In a world of electronics ... I bought this for my grandson -LRB- 9 -RRB- for Christmas . He actually requested it !!!! I am so happy that toys like this are still available . I find that it motivates so many areas in the brain for thought and physical process . He will spend hours and days working on his many creations . Thanks again for great service .
 Present for grandson , played w / for 7 hrs . straight to make car . He loved every minute of it . Case is a nice idea for all the small parts .
 I looked into many different types of construction sets , before buying this one . This particular set offers the best value for the money , that I have seen . Yes , unlike the older sets , the new Erectors rely on belts and pulleys , as opposed to gears and chains , and yes , some of the parts are plastic . However , the plastic parts -LRB- wheels , spacers and such -RRB- are made from a durable type of plastic , and are perfectly usable , and when belts wear out , you can easily replace them , so I have no problem with this.The instructions are nothing more than exploded diagrams , in 3D . They are broken down into subassembly steps , and are not a problem to anyone who can read a blueprint . Perhaps not great for most little children , but I am an adult , and have had no problem assembling any of the models.The main point being that you can buy more complex sets from a variety of manufacturers , some even with gears and chains , all metal parts , bigger motors , etc. , but you are going to pay a WHOLE lot more , then the relatively small amount that this set costs , and I really like that `` Bang for your buck '' factor .
 They are sold out online -LRB- 12/17/11 -RRB- but some stores still have them , just found it , one penny under fifty bucks . My seven year old -LRB- and my 37 year old -RRB- have had tons of fun playing with the smaller set we got him a couple years ago . He was five , and he 's a very bright , mechanically minded kid , but that was still a little to young . Wait until 6 .
 I bought these for myself but I played with them when I was a kid , too . They 're a highly durable metal construction kit including bolts , bars , gears , rods , and motors . Everything is pre-drilled and the set comes with a wrench for assembling things . There 's enough pieces and enough flexibility to really let your imagination fly .
 This was a gift I bought for my brother . In actuality this is not the correct item that Amazon had posted but the seller called me directly and told me that they sent a better one at no extra fee . When my brother got it he was excited and got off the phone to put some of it together . I am sure it was a hit . My husband is now thinking about getting one to tinker around with . Thanks !
 My 10 year old blows through LEGO sets in 30 min - 1 hour . This set has provided a wonderful challenge that encourages attention to detail , patience , and creativity . We bought it about 4 months ago and he still loves it !
 An amazing toy ! My father and brother built the most terrific ferris wheel , cars and anything that imagination can produce ! They would sometimes allow me the girl help to assemble whatever the project was ! A toy from my past and now my grandson 's present/future !
 Set is buildable and provides a challenge for 10 year old . Multiple options of what to build is good .
 The Special Edition Set having 643 parts provides hours of enjoyment , however , I wish I would have counted all of the parts when I first opened the package . I contacted Meccano and notified them that I was missing several parts . I never received a replay from them . I had to purchase the -LRB- British made -RRB- parts from California and I should receive them shortly . It is a very dissappointing Customer Service Program .
 I bought this toy for my 5-year old son . He and I enjoy building things together -LRB- this set is a too complex for him alone , but I do n't mind spending the time showing him -RRB- . But my wife lost the instruction set . Does anyone know where to find one?I love the kit . The only issues I have are a -RRB- the pieces are a bit flimsy , and b -RRB- the wheels fall off too easily .
 Bought this item as a gift for my grandson , who is 8 years old . It may be a little complicated at his age , but he loves to build things . Product was exactly what I expected when ordered .
 Perfect gift for a grandson , he has spent hours making all kinds of things and a year later still considers it new
 This erector set and others like it are great for dads and kids to complete building projects together while developing useful educational skills and stimulating imagination in young minds , hours of fun for kids of all ages . The instruction manual was easy to follow and the parts are of high quality , all in a well organized and divided hard plastic carry case for easy storage .
 We are loving our set . I bought it for my boys for Christmas . They did n't touch it for a month until they had sick days home from school ... now there is always a project that is ongoing . We have had so much fun working together on these , even I get addicted to helping them . I love the case , it 's like a toolbox with little compartments to organize all the parts . It is the best feature !
 When I was a kid I had a big Erector Set handed down from my older brother , who had taken care to keep up with the parts . I bought this set for my son , a budding engineer.He jumped right in and began to build the projects in the plan book that comes with the set . From there he has gone on to build his own designs.It 's an excellent way for him to increase manual dexterity and I ca n't think of a better toy for a kid who 's inclined toward engineering or mechanics . This kit can reconfigure into a bunch of different designs and has sufficient parts to allow independent designing and projecteering .
 Little boy I purchased it for loves it . Many small pieces which a future architect loves . Will look for more of the same .
 My son likes to build things , usually using his imagination with Legos , so I thought adding some structured design to his playing would teach him some engineering concepts . I think this kit does just that , though the instructions are a little difficult to follow at times . Some of the screws are rather small for an adult to help with , but the small fingers of a child can handle them well enough .
 Excellent way to keep your husband quiet for days . I bought it for my husband for Christmas and it kept him busy for some time .
 A must for any Homer fan ! I have mounted him on the dash of my motorhome and it 's cool to see him wobble while driving . At night he glows an eerie color .
 MY 9 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER GOT THIS FOR XMAS . SHE LOVES IT . IT IS FUN AND FAST .
 This game was pretty fun . All you have to do is draw new cards or swap them with other players , so everyone can play - even your grandparents who know nothing about HSM ! But as the game does n't require any thinking or strategies , it gets boring if you play it all the time . And it 's only limited to 4 players .
 Redneck Life is the funniest board game that I have ever played . I picked it up at GenCon after getting a review from the helpful booth staff , and could n't be more pleased with my purchase . Tonight I finally got to play it , twice as a matter of fact . I can say without a doubt that I will be playing it quite often . In fact , I plan on introducing it to my entire family over Labor Day weekend.Starting off you roll for your redneck name -LRB- there is an expansion that I do n't have yet , but hope to have soon that offers more options -RRB- and then you begin to move your pieces around the board . The play style is similar to Monopoly , but it has a hint of the old MAD magazine board game . As you progress you get an education level , a job , get married , have kids , get divorced , purchase a house , and buy several cars . There 's an interesting mechanic where your car holds only so many children , and if you exceed that limit you have to add more cars . All the while you are accruing debt , because the payday spaces are few and far between and each child deducts money from your paycheck . Different mishaps can happen that make you lose your teeth , including not having the money at the end of the game to pay off your debt . The player with the most teeth at the end of the game wins.The pieces are fine -LRB- they recommend using beer bottle caps instead of the pawns provided -RRB- and the board is laid out with lots of spaces to land , yet it is still readable . I rated four stars for the durability as I am used to the quality of German board games . I also gave four stars for education as it really does a good job of showing what could happen if you do n't graduate high school . All in all I would recommend this game to anyone who plays many different types of games and needs something light to play before or after a hard core gaming session . Come to think of it , I would recommend this game to just about anyone that has a sense of humor and likes to play board games . You 'll be singing `` You can be a loser at Redneck Life '' in no time if you pick it up .
 this is probably the funniest game i have ever played . When i first played it at a convention , myself and the guys that were playing with me each bought a copy because we laughed so hard we nearly wet ourselves . from cards like judge an actual hog calling contest between other players to doing a springer show and getting red-headed step kids named `` darryl '' it is a great time for the whole family .
 This game is really funny , even just with 2 players.You go around the board and stop at various `` stages '' , similar to regular Life . However , you end up with jobs like a gas station manager or Mullet Barber . Along the way to the end of the game you get married , get divorced and get married yet again - and roll to see how many step children you get . There are also `` Go Redneckin '' cards that can either help or hinder your progress . The player with the most teeth at the end of the game wins.I 've played this with 2-6 players and every time it 's hilarious ! It 's a great time and demanded every game night .
 I bought this for my sons 16th birthday as a gag gift.Have one person read all the instructions first it will help the game go faster . A very interesting and fun game ... It really involves everyone playing . It will rarely be the same game twice since their is so much variety in the game . Better than monopoloy or the game of life because this game will be done in about an hour thats with 4 people playing.Some cards would be inappropriate for small children but we just took those out so no big deal . I would say that it would be for those 14 and older . Fun .
 I bought this for my husband for christmas as a gag gift . Its a blast , we were laughing and `` stealing '' each others cars . it was great fun . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 This is one of the best board games I have found in awhile . My mother and sisters love playing board games but we could never get our men to play . This is the first game they not only agreed to play , but could n't stop once they started . It is the funniest game we have and we played it over and over and never got tired of it .
 You cant imagine the hours of laughs and giggles we have had with this game . We absolutly love it . When you play it for the first time you learn a lesson on what not to do the next time lol . Get ready to laugh , live in really weird houses , drive all kinds of terrible cars , including a donkey , lose a bunch of teeth , get married divorced remarried , earn a bunch of youg ` ens with some bizzare names , and inherit your second spouses kids all named Daryl lol . If you like redneck humor , you will love this game .
 Great teen and adult game would not suggest for younger players as has adult content .
 Loads of fun !! Could not stop laughing . My brother-in-law who is from the South felt right at home with the game .
 A great game for those who have a sense of humor ! If you have had a car like the ones in the game , does that mean you are a redneck in real life ? hehehe ...
 Great family fun . Grandchildren are looking forward to a game night to play it together sometime soon . We ca n't wait .
 I bought this game for the family at Christmas -LRB- adult kids -RRB- and we all loved it ! Lots of fun and I would thoroughly recommend it .
 Other than it takes a long time to finish if you 're playing with more than two , the game itself is a hoot .
 A fun update to the original game of Life . My 9yo and 6yo had a good time with lots of laughter over some of the crazy redneck antics in this game . But give yourself some time ! It 's a loooonnnggg game ! No getting around it . For five players it took us 2-1/2 hours , but hey , t was great family quality time together : -RRB-
 This game is so good , it 'll knock yer ' teeth out ! Our son is a part-time Yooper college student . He and his friends could not stop laughing throughout the game . Great for family get togethers ; especially , since my brother has a place in the Upper Peninsula .
 Santa gave this game to the family and we played Christmas day with 4 players . It was so much fun I laughed so hard I cried . Everyone had their share of kids named Darryl and more than their share or debt . My son played with 2 and while fun , he said it was better with more people . My daughter took it to her in laws but I havent heard the reviews yet . I expect it to be a hit . Just ordered a second so my daughter can keep one .
 Once we got into the game we had a great time . This is going to be a great game at the family reunion !
 That 's right , I said it.Hilarious game play , especially after a few drinks . Also , I 'm from NC so the added hick accent is the perfect touch .
 This game takes the concept of `` redneck '' to a new level -LRB- lower -RRB- ! It is very entertaining for nearly all ages . Gives Jeff Foxworthy 's `` you might just be a redneck '' to a different , fun plateau .
 This game is so much fun to play . I am not much of a boardgame play but this one is so fun . I laughed so much just watching my teenage daughter and friends playing it that I had to buy it and then play it for myself . I have recommended `` RedNeck Life '' to all my friends and serveral have bought it and really enjoyed it as well . so , so much fun .
 This game is hilarious ! every person I 've played it with absolutely loves it ! it does take a long time to play so its perfect on a rainy day or a holiday where everybody is doing to be there for awhile ... I 've watched people actually cry from laughter on this game.Actually went and purchased the addition for it
 This is the perfect board game !! I 've probably played it 20 times and it never gets old - I love playing it with people who are new to the game and watch their expressions as the hilarity ensues.I have played it with friends , coworkers , and my parents , and everyone raves about how hilarious it is . I brought it to work to play at our Christmas party and afterwards , all five of them bought their own copies.I just purchased the expansion and ca n't wait to play !
 Bought this game for my daughter , not reliazing it more for Adults . We opened it and played for our first time at our Christmas party . What a blast . Made the day so much more fun . I have n't laughed so hard for such a long time . My checks hurt the next morning . My boyfriend 's son laughed till he was crying over the fill your crack card . We have played this game several times already . It just never gets old . So much fun , lots of good laughs each time we play . Love it !!! If you like to laugh and have a good time this game is for you .
 I bought this board game and I have to say ... I am addicted to this game . I have never had so much fun with a board game . This game is absolutely a riot and everyone seems to enjoy it . I would not recommend it for younger children because there are areas where you sleep with the lawyer and then later on get sued for giving them a STD . Overall this is one of the best games in my collection and I ca n't wait to get the expanded version .
 This game is endlessly amusing and super easy for almost everyone to play . All the details are super delightful , from aquiring ` young ` ens ' to getting a ` rig ' and getting married -LRB- and divorced and remarried -RRB- the options are endless , you 'll never have the same journey twice . The game even offers suggestions on different ways to play and an expansion pack which offers even more options . By far the best game I 've purchased , I reccomend it to anyone who wants a laughter filled , light hearted evening .
 A very creative game that highlights the Redneck in all of us . The images in the game are too perfect ! Cars and houses that anyone might see while driving down the street . Great interactive game that keeps everyone talking and laughing !
 This game is a refreshing break from ` standard ' family games , I definitely like this better than the regular game of Life -LRB- which was a staple when I was growing up -RRB- . There are so many more funny and well thought out details than most games I 've played , for example
 THIS IS A VERY FUNNY GAME HOURS OF FUN HARDLY WAIT TO GET THE EXPANSION FOR THE GAME . JUST WHEN YOU THINK YOUR DOIN FINE `` DANG '' LOOSE A TOOTH
 I played the game once with the man I gave it to . I would not play again but he loved it . I would use more dice to speed the game up .
 This game is hilarious . Our family laughed so hard . It is not difficult to learn how to play and is not complicated .
 I bought this game for my adult son and our family played it over Christmas . We laughed SO hard . This is one of the best games ever - for laughs ! I guess if you ARE a redneck , you could be offended - but we are n't , so we were n't . It is GREAT .
 Bought this game as a Christmas present for my In-Laws , we spent nearly 3 hours laughing our heads off . Tears were streaming down our faces as we continued loosing teeth , gaining step children , and going more and more in debt . This is a great game to play .
 After playing this game at my brothers house , I just had to own it . It is politically incorrect but if you like redneck jokes this is the game for you . It is `` laughing so hard you wet yourself '' funny . Especially when you start doing your worst redneck accent ... Thanks Gutbusting games .
 Well we have n't played it yet as it 's a Christmas gift but it looks hilarious ! I would n't say it was an educational toy , then again is ` redneck ' a culture haha !
 after playing this game at a friend 's house , my husband and i could not stop laughing and had to purchase it ourselves . it 's very fun , hilarious , and easy to play .
 A Friend bought Redneck Life for us for Christmas . The Redneck Life I bought is for my son and his wife.It is a Very Fun game to play , full of laughs .
 This game is so flippin funny . I hear there are additional sets of cards to purchase to keep the laughs new .
 My friends and I busted our guts playing this game . Of course , it may make more since to those who are true rednecks and live in podunk little towns that can associate with the reality of the game . None the less , even if you are not one of those people , it is still a game to enjoy while having a few friends over to drink and play . Enjoy !
 This is a hilarious game ! So much fun with a good group of friends . You better be good at math though , because it does get pretty complicated .
 My wife recently wanted to shop at `` BIG LOTS '' or as I like to call it , `` The white trash version of Wal-Mart . '' I kid you not , Wal Mart looks like fine dine-in compared to dis dare Big Lots by our house . Well 's , I decided 's to go to dat dare game store next door to da Big Lots figure-ins dat I do n't needs to be buyin or lookins at dat dare womenly stuff . I decided to check out dis little rare and imported game shop next door instead of subjectin me self to dat store BIg Lots . This -LRB- I mean dis -RRB- is where I ran into `` Redneck Life the Board Game . `` This little game got game of the year in 2006 and it deserved every bit of dat dare award . The games premise is to make it to the end with most of your teeth . If you have the most tooths at da end ya wins . Ah , but this is not as easy as it seems . Yur pickins up children -LRB- I mean young-uns -RRB- almost every other turn , gettin divorced -LRB- I mean De-vorced -RRB- , sleepin with the De-vorce lawyer to save on fees while simultaneeeously pickin up more young-uns -LRB- the hidden cost of thems lawyers fees , more young-uns -RRB- . Ya keep loosin your teeth because -LRB- I meant cuz -RRB- ya had a huntin accident -LRB- I mean axe EEE dent -RRB- . Ya all are also going to have to roll da dice for yur education -LRB- I mean edge-uh-mu-cation -RRB- where ya all will end up with learnin levels betweens 1st and 6ths grades . Heck ya might even make 200 a week . But bewares of all the debt ya all gits from buyin That Bottle Bomber car at Uncle Clem 's Scratch and Scram . All that debt you gits will cost ya more tooths at the end of the game . Remember -LRB- I meant member -RRB- he dat haves the most tooths at da end of the -LRB- I meant da -RRB- game wins ... Bottom Line
 I played at a friends house before buying . I laughed so hard I was crying . Its truly a gut busting game .
 We got this game a little over a week ago and I 'd say that we 've played it more than ten times . Its really funny and I do n't think there has been 1 person who did not like it . Be aware that you probably should n't play with younger kids because there is sexual references but it is a fun game !
 This game turned out to be way better than anticipated , i absolutley love this game . Its quite hilarious and the delivery was very quick and the product was brand new still in the package with no damage when i recieved it .
 This game is so much fun . I highly recommend it for &#34; Gutbustin ' &#34; fun !! A great game to break the ice at any party !
 We have yet to play it correctly yet there are alot of instructions . When we did play it we laughed our butts off
 This game has my family and I laughing hysterically . It 's kind of sad sometimes because the things that happen are so true if you grew up around a redneck town . With that being said , if you plan with too many people , the games are VERY long , and I can see this getting repetitive if you play too much .
 If you have a great sense of humor you will laugh throughout the game . Its just fun and funny . You must have some redneck humor ...
 I bought this game for a family christmas gift . It was a lot of fun !
 Love the game . Goes fast Competetive Would definetly buy similar games
 This game is a lot of fun ! It had us all laughing out of our seats . I think it 's the most fun we 've had with a board game in a long time .
 Hands down , this is absolutely the best and funniest board game I have ever played ! You will not regret the purchase of this if you are looking for a great time !
 Excellent game , our family laughed so hard playing the first night , we enjoyed the hilarity of the board and the Go Rednecking cards . A must have for humor !
 Our whole family loved playing this game over the holidays . It is hilarious ! I mean come on you win by having the most teeth at the end ! The pictures of the cars and houses are hysterical ! So much fun !
 It 's a blast !! It will keep you laughing till your teeth fall out . Play again and again without the game getting old . Highly recommended . Is a family favorite !!
 Seems like the stereotypes are more about `` hillbillies '' than about rednecks , but then , what are the definitions of these categories ? Anyway , this was worth it just to hear my son laugh , over and over . I rated it as 2 in educational value because it definitely educates the players in stereotypes about redneck or hillbilly Americans .
 This was a lot of laughs and even fun for two people . Do n't forget to get your paydays , it 's easy to do bercause you are laughing so much .
 I always get a family gift for my &#34; kids &#34; each year . Those kids are NOW in their 20 's . Anyway - they opened the gift on Christmas eve . and we immediately cleared the table and began playing . It was way too funny . Yes I was shocked whenone of my daughters QUICKLY said she would &#34; sleep with the lawyer &#34; to save 1/2 his fee - -LRB- this did have its ramifications later on - which , too , were funny -RRB- . Anyway - we were laughing until we cried . It is obviously a game for &#34; older &#34; kids - but a crazy , fun time . I would HIGHLY recommend it !!!
 This was the best game i have played in a long time . there are always lots of laughs ! I think that i will be getting the expandtion version as well . . we have played it a few times now and there are still new cards and squares that we are landing on so it is wonderful
 Love this game . You need to be ready to do a lot of laughing playing this game . So much fun .
 This game is HILARIOUS and tons of fun ! We try to buy a new family game every year and this one hit the top of the charts ! We play it all the time . Good for all ages from my 12 year old son to my 70 year old mother !
 Bought this game and played it many times . It is so funny I even took it camping and played it with the family . They loved it so much I bought them one .
 Redneck Life is one of the funniest games I 've played in years . Everyone that plays with us wants a copy for themselves . The game is easy to learn and will have you laughing out loud and your whole group will be talking like rednecks right away ! Be sure to get the expansion set for additional vehicles , houses and options ! This game is a must have !
 This game is actually quite a lot of fun to play , but to speed things up I recommend playing with three dice .
 i have played this game several times since i recieved it and everyone has a good time . the things that can happen to you during this game are hilarious . i like this game beter than the original life and would recommend it to anyone looking for a new game
 We had so much fun and lots of laughs playing this game . Buy it and you will have fun too . Came so fast , love ordering from Amazon .
 Played it sober the first time . I think it will be more fun with a few more drinks involved . That should do the trick .
 This game is awesome fun ! My entire family had a blast laughing till our belly 's ached ! Easy to play right out of the box !
 I think any family that likes to laugh and have fun should have this game . Always more fun when you have 4 or mOre people , but still fun with just 2 . For kids of ALL ages . Kinda like a fun twist to monolopy .
 This is a fun little game . An interesting twist of the game of life . This game has its moments of being histarically funny .
 This is a Christmas gift , ca n't wait to play it . Fast delivery and arrived in perfect condition . Told it was a really fun game .
 This game is too funny the first couple of times you play . However , once you 've heard a great &#34; redneck &#34; joke , you do n't appreciate it as much the second time around . That being said , the first time you play this game will be the highlight of your life for at least a week . The humor is spot on . I cried laughing playing with my sister and nephew . You can the read the rules before you begin play , or you can just wing the game of Redneck Life just as any good redneck would . Either way , it is n't really about winning anyway . My 12 year old nephew loved playing it , but it really was too &#34; adult &#34; for him -LRB- he chose to ` sleep with his divorce attorney ' to save some money and later there were repercussions he did n't quite understand -RRB- . Dang .
 This game is a hoot ! My family of four ranging from 15 to 42 has had a blast playing this game ! Talk about a fun twist on the original life game . If you have a sense of humor and like board games you have got to try this one !!
 My brother told me about this game so I thought this is something I have to have . I took the game over to my Daughters place and 4 of us played this . I havent enjoyed a board game in years like I did this one . From having young uns to loosing teeth , this game is so much fun . My redneck first and middle name to having twins and owning a tractor and a mobile home condo . What a blast we had playing .
 The name says it all , its redneck . We bring this game out every once in a while for a fun time . Its not ` the best game ever ' but is good for a laugh !
 I lived in Tennessee for 3 years and this is a true to life board game about that culture . It is histerical and fun for all it can keep you going for hours . It is now my favorite board game to play and I have many .
 This game is sooo ! funny , you ca n't wait till you find out your spouse or your kid 's names . We played it as a family and had a blast .
 What a funny game !! It 's different that your `` regular '' boardgame . My kids also loved it because of the `` different '' type of game . I do recommend that you stick with the 13 and up rule . -LRB- there are alot of interesting facts that younger ones may not understand -RRB- . This was a relaxing and just have fun game . I can not wait to buy my friends and family their own game . The red headed step children named Darryl is just one of the best parts about the game . Great , great fun !!!
 The game itself is a little long taking 2-3 hours to complete ; but it 's fun !
 This game is a very funny and enjoyable game . It is geared towards adults , however older children like teenagers may enjoy it as well . You go through several processes of getting `` hitched '' , divorced and married again . You have to roll for your grade and name and occupation which also determines your pay .
 Its a laugh riot as is , add booze and read the cards for a total humor explosion !! Wish I 'd thought of this game as I do know many redencks and this is what they 're getting for Xmas . They 'll have to learn to read first ...
 Wonderful product ! We had so much fun playing this game ! The kids thought it was hilarious and loved to battle to see who had the most teeth in the end ! Great fun for all !!!
 Board games usually bore me senseless - I guess I have the usual attention span of a mother with a ton of other things that need doing . But THIS game I played happily into the wee hours and will do so again next time the chance comes up . It was easily the funniest game I 've ever played . Granted , I have first-hand experience , growing up in a trailer and all , but even my Danish husband and son were in stitches . It 's a great game and I 've already given one to a good friend of mine as a present . I 'm sure it wo n't be the last . : o -RRB-
 This was literally the funniest game I have ever played in my life ! It was a perfect choice for our family game as we are all adults and sometimes games are a little too `` young '' for us . This game hit the spot and was fabulous for a great family night !! Well worth the money , and I ca n't wait to get the extension pack !!!
 If you do not have a sense of humor or if you can not take a joke - do not get this game . If however , you want to laugh for all hours of the night - this is the game to get . We have started playing this game every Saturday night and are now having to resort to get another game because everyone wants to play ! It 's fabulous !!
 This game is hilarious . I played it while visiting family and now I am buying my own . You will laugh so hard you cry and/or pee your pants . DANG . The object of the game is to have the least amount of debt and have the most teeth . You will also notice that while playing this game , you will start talking like a red neck ... DANG . highly suggest purchasing the game .
 This is one of the if not THE best game ever . The games can be lengthy but the humor never ends . Totally not politically correct in any way shape or form . After playing you will find yourself saying dang ALOT .
 Redneck Life is one of the funnest board games I have played in a very long time . I took it to a family gathering and it stayed there forever . It took a while to get through the first game , trying to figure out all of the stops , but it was well worth it . We must have played a dozen times during the holiday . I left it at my family home and had to order two more , one for me and one for my oldest brother . The only thing I am disappointed in is , that there are not many score cards and no where to purchase additional ones . It is a great game and I highly recommend it .
 Similar to the game of Life but much more humorous . Most fun when played by people with a good sense of humor . If you like Jeff Foxworthy , you 'll probably love playing this game !
 Since we got this game for Christmas , the kids ask to play it every weekend ! It 's been a lot laughs for the whole family -LRB- ages 11 - 67 -RRB- . There 's not a lot of `` educational value '' , but it does teach about the basics in life like having to purchase housing & vehicles , getting a salary , cost of getting married , having kids , getting divorced , etc. but in a humorous way . It 's great fun !
 This game is surprisingly fun . We found ourselves becoming very competitive and the laughter was non-stop . Nice little twists in the game , too . Our family loves it ! Players in our group are 18 , 21 , and two adults over 40 .
 Purchased this game hoping it would be different and fun . We laughed so hard , we were all a bit noisy but that 's what this is all about . For a group from teens thru 70 's it was just about fun . Pleased with this game and would surely recommend it to others .
 This game is a blast ! It 's like the game of Life , but so much more fun . It has been our favorite game since Christmas - the entire family enjoys it . If you like board games , this is a definite winner . Note
 We have never laughed so hard playing a board game ! We had so much fun I ordered two more games so we would hall have one ! It is the funniest ! Some parts might be rated PG13 .
 Redneck Life is the best game that I have played in a long time , and my family is always playing games . We played redneck life and we laughed until we cried . It was so fun , and I just cant wait to have all my friends over to play it also . I would definately recommend this to anyone trying to find a new family favorite game .
 My four year old had been begging for a microscope of his own . I did n't want to get him anything too heavy , breakable or complex . This was perfect . It is easy to use and has survived several drops to the ground . I would n't get this one for a child over the age of six or seven .
 I bought the holster and blasters for a great price and it made the costume look that much better ... ya at first it was a pain to get together but then once i seen how it was suppose to work it looked really good ... just had to add some extra velcro ... but overall an awesome toy !!!!
 my son loves these ! A great accessory to his halloween costume . The belt is tricky though - hard to fit around a small waist but we made it work .
 Great costume accessories . My grandson is a Star Wars fan and loves to dress as Star Wars characters with realistic parts . Item is great .
 Every girl I have showed this goes crazy . I purchased this for the girl I have a crush on birthday and everyone agrees how adorable this puppy color as her birthstone and also says august on it .
 I got this for a project my son is doing on WW 2 Raf . the Battle of Brittain . It is so well detailed and beautiful . He is 13 and wants to continue learning about WW 2 and USA . Thank you for effusing his enthusiasm .
 Color is not as pictured , -LRB- although it 's a pro as well -RRB- . It 's more of a ` rich ' magenta color or dark magenta if you will . Other than that , it 's the same as pictured .
 I gave this gift to my nephew for his 4th birthday and let 's just say that he has not put it down since he has received it . I am a first grade teacher so I wanted to give him a gift that was both educational and fun . I was worried at first because I thought that this would be a little too advanced for him but once he opened it and started playing with it non-stop I knew that this was his favorite gift for his birthday . The graphics are quite amazing ! Not to mention the audio and keyboard . I especially liked that the product was delivered in a timely manner and in good condition . I would definitely recommend this product for anyone that is a young Spidey fan between the ages of 4-7 .
 My 4 year old son asked for this particular laptop at Christmas last year and still plays with it 10 months later . It 's great to travel with and I really appreciate the volume control on it too -LRB- lo , med , & hi -RRB- . The options are endless which makes this a great learning tool and I can already see that this will grow as my son 's intelect grows . I have seen other versions of this laptop but I must say that is is definately more user friendly , has a larger screen , and definitely more options .
 A great Math `` enhancement '' game . Similar to a game like crazy eights in that the object is to get rid of your cards first , BUT in Match 'Em you may use more than one card . If mom plays a 15 , Amy can play 7 & 8 or 9 & 6 , or three 5 's . They all add up to 15 . Lots more `` educational fun '' than the regular games .
 This is a great game to play with your kids . It is our -LRB- my son and my -RRB- favorite game to choose on game night . We enjoy trying to see how fast we can come up with the number combinations to get rid of our cards . He started playing this with me when he was six and now he is nine , but it is still a favorite .
 This is a fun game for all ages . When we have adult game night , we love it because you have to think ... but just a little . And for kids -LRB- probably 7 and above -RRB- they can learn how to add several numbers in a row to get to a certain point . easy to learn , fast to play ... it 's a blast !
 This is a surprisingly enjoyable game . The object is to play cards that add up to the card or cards played before it . If the first player plays a 9 , then the next player must play any card or cards that total 9 . If no match is possible then the player must draw 2 cards and start a new number . The first player to get rid of all their cards wins the round . Three rounds wins the game.I found this game to be quite enjoyable , especially with kids . Fun game !
 My son is in kindergarten and always wants to help me knit when he sees me knitting . So I thought weaving would give him a way to get his fingers into some fiber in a way that would be satisfying -LRB- not too frustrating or slow-going -RRB- . His interest has been fleeting so far , but I keep it around for when the mood strikes . He does show an interest from time to time.Meanwhile , I have had a jolly good time with it ! I 'm enjoying it 's mobility , and am currently working on weaving with big chunky lopi yarn -LRB- 100 % wool -RRB- , then sewing two panels together into a small pouch , then felting it . I think the possibilities are endless with this device.Beware
 My niece asked me for this item for Christmas . She loves to do crafts and she is a very talented 5 year old girl . This item also keeps her occupied and provides gifts for her aunt -LRB- me -RRB- . I think it is a fantastic item because it helps her with her fine motor skills , and it shortens the time she watches TV .
 My sister bought this loom for my 5-year old . He loves it and has no trouble weaving in and out -- but he is not quite careful enough to avoid `` bunching '' of the piece he 's creating . To make it look decent , he needs a fair amount of supervision -- though he also does n't seem to care about the bunching , so all in all , it 's a hit.He has not yet finished anything because he tends to take out rows of weaving too . I 'm not quite sure why . Again , this also is n't a problem for him , given that he does n't seem to care about producing a finished piece.In short , the `` suggested age '' of 8 is probably right if what you 're looking for is a kit with which a child can create a beautiful piece of weaving . My 5-year old is having fun with it though .
 Our 5-1/2 - year-old daughter opened up the package yesterday and was quite excited to start working with the loom . The bright colors that come with it appealed to her greatly , although there are differing amounts of each of the several colors -LRB- ours came with a bevy of purple but only one strand of yellow . -RRB- There is , however , ample wool yarn to make several projects . The loom itself is surprisingly sturdy and solid and I am pleased with its size , which is small enough for a younger child to feel like they are accomplishing something for their efforts . She began her `` wall hanging '' today and is already half way through it -- and still excited about weaving and about finishing her project . She has worked on it for about three hours over the last two days so far . While she is still figuring out how to not bunch up the sides of the piece , she has the over/under rhythm of the weaving and is so excited about her new craft that she taught her older brother how to do it , too . Being new to weaving myself , I am not certain about how to accomplish a few details -LRB- like how to tuck in those ends properly -RRB- and the instructions are rather vague so I have deducted one star for an otherwise very good product . I feel I should also mention that the box came crushed and opened -LRB- actually , it looked like a returned item -RRB- so I was pleased to see the materials inside were not damaged . So , we 're ordering another , this one for our 8-year-old son . Happy weaving !
 My 10 year old daughter wanted to try it out.This is just the right size for her , easy to use and sturdy enough.A good toy.cheers -- jsd
 I used this in a college class i was taking and as soon as it got here I made a gift for a friend . Looking forward to it being used to make more gifts .
 I bought this for my 9 yrs old daughter , she loves it . It keeps her busy for hours . The product is very well made and is a good starter for keeping those little hands busy rather than on a computer mouse . I totally recommend this product
 My daughter was exposed to looming from preschool . She is now in first grade , the year she received it , and she could n't put it down !
 I was so pleased when I opened the box and was relieved knowing that with this pegloom I will be able to make some pretty nifty items . In the end I will attach the different creations for a very unique wall hanging , with knots -LRB- on purpose -RRB- maybe a few feathers or wherever my female creativity takes me ! This is a must for all women and girls . who find happiness in creating . It is very well made , and should last a very long time . Kim
 I gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas . She took it out of the box and started in . I gave her a couple of pointers and 2 days later she needs more yarn . She loves weaving and seemed to know what to do right out of the box .
 I had purchaed &#34; refill &#34; design prior to finding the loom . It was not what we need to complete our craft . I should have not been so hasty in ordering . This is one time it would have been better to find a product at a local store . I would recommend this loom as a glorified pot holder maker . Sorry .
 This loom is perfect for what it is designed for which islearning to weave . The wooden frame is durable and easy to manage for my 5 year old . She quickly took to the weaving of the beautiful yarns -LRB- included -RRB- and has enjoyed the calm activity of it . I had bought a potholder maker for it but that turned out to be too difficult to manage but this is so much easier for her . She was very proud to finish her first piece and display it . A wonderful introduction if you 're beginning to expose to the fiber arts .
 This is a great toy for critical thinking and for following directions . We found that it takes a lot of patience for a four year old because he ca n't do much of the ` putting together ' by himself - some pieces are a tight fit and the directions are complex .
 I purchased this for my 3-12 / year old Grandson for Christmas . And one month later he still loves it.This is a wonderful Daddy & Son toy , Dad builds -LRB- follows the instructions -RRB- and Son finds the pieces -LRB- size , shape , colors and quantity , -RRB- in the earlier years . Definitely , helps to foster a team effort and bonding time with Dad & Son , without the aid of TV or Computers ! With their team effort they build their creation and to everyones delight watch it maneuver up , around and over what ever is put in it 's way with the remote . My Grandson is now trying to build on his own , by trying to follow the book -LRB- pictures -RRB- and his own imagination ; but likes to seeks Dad 's advice and albeit to continue to foster their bond ! This toy will keep both adults and children entertained for a long time , ageless toy !
 My kids got this set a few years ago and the antena on the motor part got broken ... so it went to the back of the closet . My mom ordered a new set for my son 's 8th birthday and we had it for a day before my 6 year old son broke the antena on the motor again . We found that a new motor and remote was sold on learning resources website for 4.99 so we ordered 2 -LRB- one for each set . -RRB- When we got them one got broken right away . I highly recommmend this toy , but for older children or children who are n't so hard on their toys -LRB- are there any like this ? lol -RRB- Also the peices are kind of hard for small fingers to take apart ... . if those things could be fixed it would be a great toy .
 This toy by Learning Resources is a wonderful toy for the inventive 6 or older child -LRB- the box says 4 + but even at 6 it is a kid/parent project -RRB- . My son took great delight in getting it built and then playing with it . I would recommend this to anyone with a child who gets satisfaction in building/inventing .
 We got this toy for our son 's 4th birthday . It is definitely way too hard for him to put together himself , but like another reviewer said , it was fun for him to identify the pieces by color and to fetch them to dad ; BUT all that being said , 100 + pieces quickly lose to the short attention span of a 4-year-old boy . Dad kinda messed up in the end , because the robot did n't move right -LRB- it clicked and clacked but struggled to go forward AND backward at the same time -RRB- . He then realized he forgot a few parts ! That could be a criticism on the instructions or my husband 's ability to read them , so I will leave this to your imagination . Overall , my son was thrilled once it worked , but he played with it for a few minutes and that was it . I think this will be a better toy in a few years when he could do the building all by himself . I am going to stick to Legos for now . He plays with those for ever and ever . He is also a fabulous marble-run builder . Perhaps when he tears the Jalopy apart and builds his own concoction , it will be fun -LRB- though it might not move -RRB- . I dare say the best part of this toy is the name . My 2 year old and my 4 year old both love saying `` Floppy Jalopy . ''
 Great toy and fun to put together and play with . Our 4.5 year old loves it . Part and gear meshing is relatively loose which makes it easier to put together . . but a bit jerky while running . Remote control only allows for forward and backwards motion . . no turning . Overall a fun toy for kids not ready for lego mindstorms .
 I bought this for my niece for xmas . . So she has n't gotten it yet but after opening it up and looking it over , it was nicer than I thought it was going to be . She loves horses and I 'm sure that she 's going to love it .
 We purchased this for our 11-year ld -LRB- horse loving -RRB- niece and she likes it . I was disappointed that it is kind of cheap looking in real life , but she still likes it . It has lots of little compartments that she enjoys , and it suits her needs .
 My 7-year-old granddaughter loves this cute jewelry box ; when you open the lid there is a small horse that spins around to the tune of `` My Old Kentucky Home . '' It was advertised as playing `` Home on the Range '' but my granddaughter does n't really care what tune it plays . It appears to be a sturdy little jewelry box , but I would n't give it to a child much younger than 7 because of the potential for breaking that delicate little horse off its spinner .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FGEU9G/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI bought this as a Christmas gift for my 10-year old granddaughter . She seemed happy with it when she opened it . For the price , I was quite impressed with it . I would recommend for anyone as a different kind of gift for a horse lover .
 Bought this music box along with the suggested stamp set and coloring book for less money than the music box alone at a tradtional retail store ! My 8-year old is thrilled with all ! The stamp set alone I saw in a retail store for over $ 20 . The music box is a nice beginner jewelry box for those first higher quality jewelry pieces -LRB- i.e. sterling silver charm bracelet , gold locket etc. . . -RRB- . The song it plays is pleasant , too . If your little girl loves horses and jewelry - what little girl does n't - do n't hestitate , suprise them with this set !
 My daughter is a big horse fan so this was a big hit . She loved it . It seems to be very well made .
 This jewelry box is much heavier and nicer than I expected . Has the appearance of a high quality product . It would be great for anyone that loves horses , not just kids . It has a windup key on the outside and when you raise the lid , the spinning `` ballerina '' has been replaced by a little spinning horse . I got this for our 7 yr old granddaughter and she loves it . If she uses it as a jewelry box and not a toy , I have no doubt she 'll be able to pass it down to her own daughter some day . Highly recommend !!!
 I obtained this for my granddaughter and I know she will love it . It is gorgeous and well made and worth the money I paid . The horse picture on the music box is beautiful and bigger than I expected . I tried to do the feedback but unable to finish.I would recommend this music box to any horse lover .
 Sent this pretty little box to my niece who turned 9 years old and loves horses . She absolutely LOVED it ! Great gift idea at a good price .
 I bought this magical-looking jewelry box for my cousin 's 12th birthday . She loves horses , so I knew she 'd love the look of the jewelry box . She loved the song and the beauty of the jewelry box . I would recommend this item for other young girls . It truly is magical .
 Ordered this for my 6 year old daughter ! She loves the little drawers hidden along the sides and front ! Very colorful and princess ~ like ! Great buy !
 My daughter loves this . I had bought more but UPS left them outside under our eaves ... and ruined the others ... dumbos !!! They could have left them on my front porch or put a bag around the box ! Regardless the one my daughter has she loves . She watches it all the time . She is 6 .
 my niece was open-mouthed with wonder and her eyes filled with enchantment as she viewed the music box for the first time and listened to the music . it is a rare priviledge to see that reaction in a child . she was transported to another dimension .
 My daughter had her heart set on a jewelry box for Christmas . I 've seen this line in a couple of our local upscale toy stores and always thought they were overpriced . Finding this same music box at Amazon at such a reasonable price -LRB- plus we qualified for free shipping -RRB- made our Christmas extra special . My 10-year old daughter has us open the box and play the music before she goes to sleep . She 's also filled each of the box compartments and loves the color and style of the box . This was a hit on Christmas morning !
 I purchased this jewelry box for my Niece and it is so beautiful , the music box is pretty and she just loves it.I think it was very good purchase on my part , just gorgeous .
 This jewelry box turned out to be my daughter 's favorite gift this Christmas . The music is perfect , it 's absolutely beautiful and the hidden corner boxes are so nice to have . She calls it her secret treasure box , and her favorite most prized possessions go into this box . I love hearing the music playing from her room , she opens it up and plays with her horses and dolls sometimes . That alone is magical in itself . Very happy with the construction of the box too , it feels strong and durable , and the pictures and wording around the box are magical and beautiful .
 I got this music box for my daughter , and I could n't be happier ! It 's absolutly beautiful !!! Discover Your World Music Box
 We got this jewelry box for my daughter for Christmas , and she loves it . The artwork is very pretty , and the music sounds very nice .
 I love how the picture looks very much like my granddaughter and that there are so many secret compartments for her to put her prized earrings and necklace in . Beautiful .
 Looks better than pictured ! It looks larger in real life than in photo ! Great Quality ! Will buy again from this Company
 I should have looked at the description more closely . This has very little storage space . Even the top is less than an 1/2 inch deep , if that . But so far , everything else about it is great . It IS made with paper , so do n't let it get wet .
 I got two of these jewelry boxes for my twin daughters who just turned five . They both LOVE the music boxes . There are four cute little drawers and then a larger compartment on top to store all their little treasures and `` jewels '' . For the money , this is a nice jewelry box . It 's made of a very study-feeling card board-ish material - but it does n't feel like it will get crushed or anything . The horse that spins around is kind of chintzy , but my girls definitely do n't notice . I 'm quite happy with this product .
 My 8 years old daughter love it . She is horse crazy . She also loves jewelry so it 's a perfect for her.I bought it for her Birthday presents . She was so happy . Cute color .
 Product was as expected and was loved as a gift by my 10 year old granddaughter . The various little drawers hold lots of new earrings for her newly pierced ears . We both liked it .
 Got 3 of these music boxes for gifts for our 3 granddaughters!Each has loved their musical jewelry box.And now we plan to start giving them age appropriate jewelry asfuture gifts .
 I bought this jewelry box for my 5 year old 's birthday . It is very well made and will last many years . As with anything , I made sure she understands how to wind the box , to not overwind or touch the horse too roughly . We both love the design and it is something she will grow with until she gets into her teens at least . Very happy with this purchase .
 I do not know what one reviewer is complaining about , mentioning `` small sticker on bottom warning that music box contains lead ... '' ; there is no such sticker on the bottom of mine . Perhaps my box is a newer version ? The box is 10 times nicer looking than the picture ! It is educational in the wonderment of its compartments , and it is well made . You can not go wrong purchasing this for a gift . It is beautiful at any price ! Fit for any princess !
 I brought this jewelry box for my daughters 5th birthday . I looked every where for one with a horse but they just were not right . When i found this one I fell in love with it . I prayed it was what I wanted . When I opened the box it was even better . My daughter loved it she spends hours arranging her stuff and watching the horse spin and the music play . She looks at the pictures all the time and reads the saying on it . When my other daughters turn 5 this is what I will buy them too .
 I bought this box for my 5 year old and a similar one for my 2 year old from Enchantmints . They are both beautiful and the girls LOVE them . By far the best gifts -LRB- and cheapest -RRB- this Christmas !! The toys are already in the toy box and forgot while these are taken from the dresser to the bed so they can listen and watch them every morning and night . Also a great place to put those most important necklaces .
 My 5 year old granddaughter was delighted with this jewelry box ! It 's beautiful and just right for younger girls .
 I brought this music box for my granddaughter 's 8 year old birthday and she absolutely loves it . She said it was the best present she ever received . The music box is adorable and looks very well made . I highly recommend it .
 Purchased this for a young lady who loves both horses and jewelry , so this seemed a good choice for a jewelry box . She was delighted .
 The box was a bit smaller than I would have thought ... but it was beautiful and my granddaughter LOVED it ! Beside what Santa got her I think it was her favorite thing . She loves horses and this jewelry box is just right for the little girl that wears jewlrey and loves horses !
 Purchased for my 3 year old girl for Christmas and she loves it . She likes the wind up music and loves the little hidden drawers to put her treasures in . This one is a keeper that I think she will like for years to come .
 When I was introduced to this game I loved it right away . I purchased the mat gameboard version instead of the cardboard gameboard version because I noticed the cardboard was pulling apart at the folds . So far the mat is holding up beautifully and the game is great fun !
 Large board . Easy to view for all players.Especially liked the ease of returning a smaller size boardfor this one . Thanks Amazon !
 It 's a great family game that the whole family can enjoy together ! My 2 young sons ask to play the game every night . I was extremely satisfied with the game .
 since recieving this game we 've played it every night and enjoyed every minute . lots of fun . makes you anticipate what your next move should be . sometimes it 's wrong but still very enjoyable .
 I bought one game for our 11 year old granddaughter for Christmas and one for my husband and I . We had played it with some friends awhile back and really enjoyed it with three couples playing . Our granddaughter loved the game , in fact , she got it out at Christmas and we all took turns playing and challenging each other for several days - there were eleven of us . I feel it helps the young teenagers think and strategize - good for mind acuity ,
 A classic game that will never get old . Portable too to take on long trips or vacations ! Kids will love this game as much as the adults . A great family game to have !
 I was about to purchase the standard edition until I saw some folks suggesting the Deluxe edition solely for the roll-out-mat style play board . I agree with them , get the Deluxe edition for this reason ! The mat will last longer than the cardboard play area!The game is extremely easy to pick up , and anyone can enjoy it . . whether you 're a strategist/analyst when it comes to games like this , or just someone looking for some simple fun to pass the time , you can enjoy the game.Object of the game : To get a `` sequence '' of 5 tokens in a row at any angle . There 's card spaces on the playing area , tokens , and cards . Essentially each player starts out with some cards , you decide what card to play , lay it down , place the token on the playing area for that particular card , and pick up a new card . Good luck!PROS : * Deluxe edition comes with the roll-out playing mat , it 's worth it ! * Hours of fun , very easy to pick up the game * Almost any age group can enjoy this game * Can be used to help kids formulate analytical thinking and enforce good decision makingOTHER THOUGHTS : * I sometimes forget to pick up a card once I 've taken my turn , which means I lose the number of cards I can hold . Here 's a suggestion for others like myself
 I love this game , it is for both adults and children . My three year old daughter loves playing this and looking where she wants to put the next chip.I would highly recommend .
 So much fun ! Easy to learn . Played in teams , you have to support your partner and obstruct your opponents . We laugh a lot .
 Excellent.Deluxe SequenceGreat game , We play often with our friends and are hooked on playing often . I have reccomend this game to all our friends and relatives .
 We have been pleasantly surprised at how much fun our adult friends have had playing this game with us . It looks simple but requires some strategy to win . You 'll love it
 We LOVE this game . . It is great for ages about 10 up . . Nice family game that can include many people !! ... Have to concentrate on entire board !! Challening and fun !!
 Sequence is a fun game for 2 , 3 , 4 or 6 people . It 's a subtle blend of skill & luck and is not difficult to learn .
 Game I ordered for our family . We all have a blast playing it and it was just what we wanted !
 The Deluxe Version is far easier/nicer to play?My friends and I love the game!Looking forward to more games like it !
 I spend a lot of time with my family every sunday . Very easy to understand the instruccions . Spanish and English !!!!! Very good quality of the roug and cards.Excellent gift ... . and very reasonable price
 i LIKE THE DELUXE SEQUENCE GAME . THE MAT WAS BIG AND EASY TO SEE . WHAT A GREAT GAME TO PLAY !
 This is the perfect game for all ages.It is competitive and so much fun.I play this game once a week with a group of friends ; we play for three or four hours .
 We purchased the game Sequence after playing it with some friends . It is a great game that can be played with a lot of people . It is probably one of the most fun games we have played in a long time . I would recommend it for anyone .
 This is more a game than a toy , great for all ages but adults will enjoy the most !!
 This is a great game . My girls love to play it at their grandparent 's house and it 's fun for the whole afternoon . This version comes with a cloth game board that rolls up , so it 's nicer . I would recommend it to anyone !
 The Deluxe version of Sequence has three -LRB- 3 -RRB- features different from the original board game . First , the `` game board '' is slightly larger than the original . Second , the `` game board '' rolls up in a tube-like fashion instead of folding into quarters . Third , the marker chips have a reverse side used to clearly indicate if a sequence has been made/claimed . All three features are desirable for larger groups of `` older '' players . If you plan on entertaining even larger groups of people , you may want to look at the Jumbo version of Sequence .
 This is a great game to getting the family around the table talking and look no power cord required . Great family fun
 Have been looking for this version of the Sequence game for almost a year now . As we play it a different location every gathering , I wanted a version that I did n't have to fold the board . This version has a matt that wo n't eventually break from to many foldings . You showed it and I 'm very happy to have it now .
 Deluxe Sequence is an excellent choice for family or friends entertaining . It brings a lot of competition and laughter to the table , absolutely never boring . Almost all ages can play . We love it .
 We can play this game for hours ! It 's deceptively simple but takes some strategy to win so we 're all challenged ... but not enough to really have to think hard enough to hurt . ; - -RRB-
 Chance and skill combine to make this a playable board & card game for all ages . The 7 year old plays with the 65 year old and the 30-40 year old people in between . The luck is in the cards dealt . The skill comes with matching cards in your hand with corresponding spaces on the game board to be the first to make a `` sequence , '' placement of 5 chips in a row . Play is individual up to 3 people , 4 people play as 2 teams , 6 people as 3 teams . Games tend to last 10-20 minutes . The deluxe version padded game board provides a nice playing surface .
 This is a wonderful game to play with the whole family . You can play in groups or separately . Involves strategy and helps young ones to think through their plays . The cushioned playing mat is more comfortable and seems to hold the pieces in their place better than the other board .
 I 've had this game for a few years now and totally enjoy playing it with my wife . When my relatives from abroad came to stay with us , they too fell in love with this game . I thought I 'd buy them the ` jumbo ' version of this game , but I wish I had bought the deluxe version instead . Here 's why
 Not only does the Standard version utilize a folding board , which will only withstand so many foldings and unfoldings , it also shorts you on the number of chips you get and most important , -LRB- at last viewing -RRB- the chips do n't have one side painted white . It is MOST important that one side be painted white so that you can spot -LRB- and know that you ca n't defensively remove -RRB- a completed sequence , when 5 in a row are turned over white side up.Don ' t know about the Jumbo , but do n't waste your money on the Standard . Get the DELUXE version , with it 's easy to unroll and rollup mat . For as much as you 'll be playing the game , it 's well worth the few dollars add ' l investment .
 Wow ! What fun ! Especially for my 9-year-old grandson when he beats the adults , which he manages to do with disturbing regularity . SEQUENCE is a game you can chat and chatter over , which I call a `` sociable '' game , yet there is enough of a challenge in working to create a sequence - or to block one - to require a modicum of concentration . The early editions have chips which are brushed on one side with white so that they can be turned over , once a sequence is achieved , to readily identify the row of five -LRB- and those five chips can not be removed with a one-eyed jack , as can the others -RRB- ; however , I have seen subsequent sets without the white on the obverse side.I DO hope that Jax is not already considering this as an across-the-board cost-saver
 Our family really enjoys this game -LRB- deluxe edition sequence -RRB- ! Kids as young as 7 or 8 can play , but adults find it challenging enough too . The game is a combination of luck and skill . It plays quickly -LRB- about 20 minutes or so -RRB- . We usually play with two people , but have played with up to 4/5 people in teams . When playing with two people , you need to make two sequences , but with more people you only need to make one sequence -LRB- not two as previous reviewer stated -RRB- . We like this game so much , we bought it as gifts for family and friends !!
 I just played this game a month ago in Boston , and did n't want to stop . It challenges our observation skills , and helps us to view situations in more than one way . It is a wonderful game ! Players were from ages 8-45 and we all had lots of fun and laughter ! I am purchasing it myself to have in our home . We love a challenge of the mind !
 This is a fabulous get together game . Great to play in groups but also just as fun to play with 2 people . I recommend the deluxe version because you get the rubber mat for the board . The regular version has a cardboard mat.Hours of fun !
 I have had many many fun parties with this game . Kids , adults , everyone together - ca n't get better than this . Everyone I play this game with gets hooked and no one ever gets to go to bed during a tournament we play at home .
 We have played this game in almost every way it could be played . We 've played in 2 person teams ,3 person teams and 4 person teams . We found that it does n't make any difference how you play the game it is fun . We have played with kids and adults . It was fun for everyone .
 Sequence is a great family card game , it is easy to learn and we do not get `` bored '' . There are no math problems to be concerned about . It something you can take when you travel . We played sequence at our local pool and quite a few people watched us and inquired what kind of game is was and where to purchase it . Of course I told them to go on Amazon.com . It is affordable as itcomes in various sizes from a small board to a jumbo board.We play squence with our Grandchildren and also our mature friends also love the game.Thank you.Jenna in South Carolina
 This is a great game that does n't take too long to learn . It 's similar to bingo only with cards and lots more stratery and not just a game of chance . Many combinations of people can play , 2,3,4,6 work best , we played with 9 once . The deluxe board is nicer than the card board folding model . Go for it and laugh and have fun !!!
 This is a fun game , ideal for families and/or to play with friends . We can spend hours playing it ; we have even gifted this to other friends and they love it .
 My In-Laws intorduced us to this game . Apparently it 's a huge hit with the snow-bird crowd in Florida.Great competition for the younger crowd , too . We played this game at Thanksgiving with the women vrs . the men.After losing , the men wanted another round . It 's addictive !
 I bought this after we played a friends ' game and had a blast . It 's an easy , fast-paced game that even little kids can play . This is a nice , well-made game set .
 Played this game for the first time at a friends home . Fell in love with it . Multiple player game . Love the board cause it does not rip easily . Would definitely reccomend this game . : - -RRB-
 I like this game . I bought it on the recommendation of a friend . It 's enjoyable , simple to learn , and does n't take forever to complete . I 've only played it as a 2-player game so far . I look forward to seeing how it works with more players . The mat is vinyl , making it durable and easy to store . The plastic pieces are fine -- nothing special . The cards are cards -- what can I say ? And the instructions are easy to understand . I like that the mat has reminders stamped on it regarding a couple of &#34; special &#34; cards . Makes for easy reference . Glad I bought it . It will be regularly packed to take along on our vacations !
 Have regular version of this game and love it . My mother in law wanted the &#34; Deluxe &#34; for playing with more people and a bigger board game , actually this is a mat , works well . Looked all over and could n't find anywhere in stores .
 I bought this as a gift for my mother , who played her original sequence game enough that it completely wore out . The original version which she had was n't poorly constructed , she just played it quite frequently for years and years . This version I can see lasting much longer than the original version . The build quality is similar , but the board is more mat than board and will definitely last much longer . The cards are still standard playing cards , and as such will wear over time . The chips are plastic , and I like the `` King '' sides of them making sequences stand out easier . A great version of a great game that will last much longer with frequent play due to build materials . Possibly the best version of the game , as I know of none better .
 I highly recommend getting the Deluxe Version of Sequence.The roll out mat is outstanding and seems very sturdy . I played at my friends house and they had the normal version and the board seemed to have a lot of wear and tear . The Deluxe version will not have this problem since it is a flexible mat.Plus the chips they use are dual-colored which means you can tell when someone gets a sequence . You just flip over the chip to the &#34; white &#34; side.Highly recommended ! A lot of fun with this game .
 I had company during Xmas holidays & we spent almost every night playing this game . Before my family went home they had me order Deluxe Sequence for them . It is great fun for all .
 Great game for friends and family , young and old ! Good for the holidays as well . Could not find in local stores , so had to order on the Internet .
 Sequence is a great game for quiet evenings with friends.The deluxe edition is exactly what we wanted and expected it to be : * A lot more durable * Has the `` two side '' tokens that let you mark a series of fivethat was just achieved so that tokens would not be taken away from it.I want to make just one note on a thing that could turn this edition flawless : The box could have been smaller .
 This is the second Deluxe Sequence we have purchased from Amazon . Our first was 2 years ago . This one was ordered for friends we introduced to the game.The deluxe version has a vinyl roll up board that is more durable than the cardboard regular version . The markers are 2 sided so you can flip them when you get a sequence . The cards do n't hold up too well , but you can easily replace them . It takes 2 decks.Great for all ages !! Easy to learn-not a card game-this is a board game . We 're retired but we 've taught and played with tweens -LRB- 10-12 yrs . -RRB- and they love it too .
 Played this game with a dozen of us participating and enjoyed it enough to buy one for us and our twin grandchildren !
 Sequence is easy to learn and fun because there is both an offensive and defensive strategy required . You can talk and play , and it moves quickly -LRB- unless you have `` thoughtful '' players who dither . A timer solves that . The deluxe edition with the mat that rolls up is the way to go . Easy to store and holds up well . Can be played by 2 or several players so lots of flexibility there . Also appropriate for a wide range of ages . Good game that will be used regularly for years .
 You have to play it in multiples of 2 or three . It is very fun for adults and children . It makes you think . It has a very durable board . It wo n't ruin . GREAT GAME ! A must have .
 This is a classic game that still seems to be gaining popularity . The cushioned mat is the way to go as the foldable cardboard one eventually breaks and you find yourself buying a new one to replace it . Only downside is I have never found replacement playing cards as over time they get oily like any other playing card , and you could replace them with standard cards , but the included ones just add a little something to the game . I would recommend this game to anyone looking to have some fun without having to spend hours going over the complicated rules as they are simple and easy to follow , just do n't forget to pick up a card !!!!
 The larger size of the board in the deluxe version make this game more enjoyable , plus the two sided chips make identifying sequences much easier . Love it .
 My sister introduced me to this game over the summer , she had the original Sequence - cardboard surface . She has had her board game for years but was held together with tape . In knowing this I decided that my granddaughter and I had so much fun playing this game to purchase it , with the only exception that I would upgrade to the deluxe version . The playing surface is a lot easier to manage and the chips stay put . The game is challenging and fun for the whole family we play for hours and never get tired of this game .
 My wife and I have played Sequence for several years . We like to travel and also enjoy spending time with friends and family . We sometimes run out of things to talk about . Sequence is the answer . It can be played as teams and as individuals . The size of the game is perfect for most play areas . Strategy is paramount in this game . Luck does play a part . It is a great game for a guys against the girls evening . The deluxe edition with cushioned playing mat and reversible crowning chips is the best version . We have played other versions but hard boards and same colored chips on both sides of the chip makes it difficult to see the `` sequences '' that have been made . Most everyone we have played this game with asks us to bring it with us when we come back to visit . It is more fun when played by teams using only two of the three different color chips because it seems often times the game ends up in a stalemate when three teams are playing using all three of the colored chips , it makes it impossible to know which team is the clear winner . Great fun , hours of enjoyment , and something to do with friends and family when you run out of things to talk about .
 Sequence is a enjoyable game for all ages . Deluxe sequence is the best format , because you do n't fold the board , so it does n't have all the folds to deal with .
 I like this game . I played it once before and liked it , therefore , I got one for myself . I love card games that make you use strategy , which this game does.Deluxe SequenceJumbo Sequence - Box
 `` Sequence '' is a card game with a play board . It involves a little luck and a lot of observation and advance planning . No two `` rounds '' are alike . Although I am not an avid game player , I found `` Sequence '' to be a lot of fun for the whole family . We take it on camping trips also .
 We ordered this game because we played it at a friends house and just fell in love with it . It will keep you engaged for hours . Great game of strategy and teamwork , and knowing when to play the wild jacks to take your opponents chip off the board . We like the deluxe game because of the washable , flexible roll up playing mat . Great family game .
 I love this game . I have played Sequence before with other couples but this Deluxe Sequence is so much better . I recommend it for the entire family . Great game and easy to play .
 Nice game . The one I bought was advertised by Amazon at $ 18 + , but when I ordered three of them a week or so later the price was $ 24 + . Maybe the huge inflation is some indication of the game 's popularity .
 I first played this game at friends ' house about a month ago . It 's easy to learn , non-intimidating and fun even for people who do not generally like games , -LRB- i.e. , there are n't 50 + rules to learn and remember -RRB- , just jump in and play . Because of its ease to play , it encourages group conversation and lots of kidding around and gentle ribbing among players , making it a good team game . We play with 6 people , 3 teams of two always seems to work good for us . I saw the deluxe version on Amazon which the oil-cloth board , which is more durable and does n't have the glare the original game board has . The chips are durable and easy to handle . Once my friends saw the `` deluxe '' game , they wanted one too . I think it 's worth the couple extra bucks for the `` deluxe '' version . We 're all adults but I believe kids over , say 7-9 years old could easily play this game and I think it would be good for building mathematical thinking .
 I bought this for my college age daughter . I already knew that she loved the game . We have the fold out board at home . She super loved this and thought the board was so cool and would be very durable .
 This game is fun for the whole family . My kids love it . I have a 4 and a 7 year old and they both understand the game and use strategy to make their moves .
 Our family really enjoys playing and so do our friends . It is very addicting .
 Sequence is a game that helps to change the sphere of an awkward condition , like having some shy kids or strangers as guests who are not easy to socialize . It is also a help to fill a boring night to spend . But sometimes it can be a very dangerous means to make enemies when you are too fanatic and can not see this game as just a game . So to play this game or any game at all is playing fair and with a positive attitude .
 This game combines a fun experience with using your brain to plan strategy several moves ahead . This deluxe version , however , has a game `` board '' that rolls up to fit in the box . Unfortunately , it does n't flatten out completely when you play on it . A folded cardboard game board would be superior to this . I am disappointed that the `` deluxe '' version does n't have the more secure game surface .
 My family has enjoyed this game many times since purchased in July . The more players , the more fun the game becomes . You can strategize only to a certain extent . The rest is pure luck . Our new family favorite game . Well worth the money .
 Entertaining game for couples or odd groups max 6 ... very funny and intelligent game . I have to buy 3 more games since I took my last one over dinner with friends THEY NEVER RETURED MY OORIGINAL ONE .
 Sequence is a fun card game for all the family . My grandchildren live across the entire US from my home state so I fly to see them . The internet helps me with all my visits . I order from Amazon and the purchase is there before I arrive with the grandchildren already excited and ready to play . I do n't have to shop till I drop before the trip , lug the `` happy '' all over the airport , or try to find it somewhere in my luggage the minute I arrive . Thanks Amazon for excellent service .
 We love this game . A bit of strategy is required but a lucky hand is the best tool to win . Our kids -LRB- 7 and 9 -RRB- love it . That game is always a big hit when we have friends or relatives over . We like to do `` boys '' against `` girls '' games . It is hilarious to see how brain works according the gender !
 we 've been playing this game in my family for a few years now and we all love it ! it is addictive ! we play for prizes which makes it even more fun and exciting . We have players/teams from the age of 12 up to 80 years .
 This is a great mind game , and fun on a cold or rainy weekend night to play with your neighbors . We take it on weekend get-aways , or with us to visit relatives . This is also a great gift to give anyone of any age .
 I already had a sequence game & thought I was ordering the JUMBO version -LRB- large game mat -RRB- , so I am disappointed that I have bought another game which is only a little bit larger -LRB- game board -RRB- than the one I already had . Now I have two games and wasted hard earned money & still do n't have the JUMBO version I want most !! This is a great game and lots of fun for all ages !!!
 This is a great ADULT game , too . Have spent many hours enjoying it . Was introduced to it at a Ladies Night Social of about 10 women.I would recommend it highly .
 Great game to play with anyone , but especially your in-laws , who are here from their home country and do n't speak your language ! I know that 's rather specific , but there are n't really all that many games that do n't require some amount of communication , either with each other or understanding the language on the board . My husband taught his folks to play this game one evening , and now even if he 's not home , I can pull it out and we can have a fun evening together with a minimum of language difficulty ! We 're going to order a deluxe edition to send to them for Christmas , because they like it so much .
 I began playing Sequence on a fold-out , non-cardboard , game board , which was large and washable . I had lost the address of the company that had made it , so I went on-line and found Amazon . I ordered it , received it quickly , and was pleasantly surprised to find that the game board was smaller but was rolled in the box . This one was improved so that there were no creases in the playing surface ! I love it ! Thank you , Amazon !
 I love this game because it has to do with cards and has a strategic challenge . It 's not a noisy game with lots of yelling and table smacking . You and your gaming friends get to team up in a comfortable quiet manner and play a game that involves of mix of multiple card games all in one . Only wish the roll up mat was a little thicker and unfolded instead of roll out but thats no big deal , well worth the cost for this fun game .
 If you are looking for a fun game that requires strategy then I highly recommend Sequence . It is great fun , easy to learn , and provides hours of entertainment .
 This is a fun card game for everyone . Gets you to `` think '' and plan your strategy . The more players that play , the harder it gets . I would highly recommend it !!
 My friends and family are all enjoying this game when we get together . I plan on buying more to give as gifts !
 before 2 hours there was only one in stock so i want to know howa many is availabe in the stock now , , replay as soon as possible please
 This game is fabulous , very easy to learn and very chalenging to win . It is a very mice tool for family fun coz it can chalenge all ages
 FAMILY MEMBER 'S AND FRIENDS LOOK FOWARD TO GETTING TOGEATHER TO FELLOWSHIP AND JUST HAVE FUN , AND THIS GAME CALLED SEQUENCE IS THE TALK OF THE PARTY .
 When you receive the fund did not expect what I found insideWas more than wonderfulPlans , choose your game and let your mind translates his ideas
 Sequence is a game that I 've been playing for over a decade , and am still loving it . A friend introduced it to my family during a vacation when I was a teen . The following Christmas , both my mom and I unknowingly happened to give it to each other as gifts . We love the gave so much we kept both of them . And I 'm glad because I 've been able to keep mine with me as I 've moved around.Now married , my wife has become hooked and we play all the time . We live in South America now and have introduced it to friends that we 've made here . We literally get phone calls asking if we can come over and to bring Sequence with us . It 's great because it 's so fun , easy to learn , and there 's no language barrier.I have the standard edition , so I do n't know too much about the Deluxe or Jumber editions . But through the years and as much as I 've played , the folding board is still in great condition.Also , I 've read in other reviews that the chips in the deluxe version are painted white on the bottom to easily show where sequences have been made . You can do that if you want , but for me , part of the strategy is to NOT let your opponent -LRB- s -RRB- know that you 've already made a sequence . If they do n't see it , that makes it easier for you to get your second one . So I think the standard version is just fine the way it is .
 We have 5 grown children that love to play games . . we play Sequence by the hours . . it is good for two players to 8 ! we divide up into teams . . the guys against the gals ... couples against couples . . we just love this game . . a 5 year old can play as easily as an adult!I know you 'll enjoy this if your family enjoys playing games .
 My fraternity brothers and I played this game way too much , but we had a blast doing it . You need a keen eye , attention to every possible way to place five chips in a row , and the guts to count on your opponent not having a remove jack . -LRB- Jacks either remove a chip or are wild depending on how many eyes they have ! -RRB- A quality game to say the least and very easy to learn and one that takes time to master .
 The quality of the product is great . We love the game . But I thought I was getting a larger one . Mid size not as large as the jumbo but bigger than the regular . We are older and hard to see .
 My girlfriend introduced me to this game - it 's appropriate for many ages and even though there is strategy involved , we 're able to `` catch up '' and talk to each other while we play . It 's also very easy to learn , so that really makes it fun for all .
 This is an awesome game . Very fun to play and easy to understand . Does take strategy along with good luck . Excellent for young and old.Highly recommend this game !! Worth spending more for the Deluxe Edition .
 We had the deluxe and returned it and got the jumbo . We felt the board was to small on the deluxe . The jumbo is great . big big mat . Easier to see the cards.Our friends and family love the game . Can finish a game pretty quickly .
 This is the best edition . I had to order it on Amazon because the stores only had the cardboard version which is a lot smaller . The deluxe version has a roll out mat which is just easier and bigger . Friends introduced this game to me and my fiance and we just had to get it . Great fun !
 Got for my 8 year old and he beat us 2 times in a row . The whole family loves it and we have played it everyday since Christmas -LRB- 5 -RRB- days .
 My family and I played this Thanksgiving for the first time and feel in love with it . I bought this one so more of them could play and needed one for home play .
 Well done . Played this game with friends and decided it purchase it for our family . Great times ahead . Thanks loads
 the mat is easy to clean and roll up , wish it was made in America though . Other than that its okay .
 The game was all that I expected it to be.Replacing an old board , etc. . Like thecolors -LRB- 2 -RRB- on the chips .
 Having played the game recently for the first time , we had to have our own set and as the ones available in the UK a card playing board we knew that we had to have the Deluxe version wih the vinyl playing which means that we take it in our luggage on holiday . Yes we are sad old ` ns . Well packaged and delivered quickly at a reasonable charge .
 We were introduced to Sequence by friends . He built their game using BIG cards , poker chips and made his own bard under glass . I ordered the real thing because it 's compact compared to his aand we really enjoy the game . I ordered ours from `` textbooks2sell19901 '' , on Amazon . It arrived very quickly considering they were hampered by the storm that his the northeast . Their service was certainly 5 stars . I would suggest they ship the game box inside another box , because ours arrived with one side squashed .
 This game is simple to learn and absolutely fantastic and very very addictive . The deluxe edition is so much better than the standard version as one side of these discs are coloured so it is easy to see which can not be removed when playing a jack . I would recommend this game to anyone . Also I am so impressed with Amazon.com I ordered this for delivery to the UK and received it in less than 1 week .
 This is a wonderful product , that for me , served 2 purposes . One , the children ask questions all the time about sea life , the other , I have decorated my screen house with these critters , as I am an ocean lover and collect all things from the sea . A great product !
 I used these for Halloween props when I did an &#34; under the sea &#34; theme . They are very nice blow ups and detailed perfectly . My only wish was that the shark had been a little bit bigger .
 It 's a wonderful wallet . The chain is durable despite it occasionally unhooking by accident . The art work on it is excellent . The only complaint is that it clings sometimes and you 've got to hear the unpleasant sound of pleather or leather peeling away from itself .
 Well , I would n't really consider this a toy ... Either way , I really like the design on it . Its kinda small , though I had to reorganize the stuff I carry with me . I do n't know if it will last that long , either . Its made of plastic that does n't seem very durable . The rings where the chain connects to the wallet bend real easy and will likely break with rough usage .
 Players - 2 -LRB- and only 2 -RRB- Age range I 'd reccomend
 This is a fun game that could easily be used to help improve math and logic skills although there is also a fair amount of chance invovled . The board seems a little flimsy and I 'd be worried about traveling with it too much . I just use it in my home and it 's fine . I would n't pay full price for it though .
 This game is great for airplane rides or when stuck in an airport . The size is great , and it is light . Very fun !
 I play Sequence almost everyday and this was the perfect fit for our time in the air and on the road .
 This is one of our most favorite games when playing the kids sequence with the animals or the regular one with adults it is fun ! It is hard to play with a toddler but they like to flip the cards and put the markers anywhere . A little bigger playing board may be nice but other than that it is a great toy to take with you . Not for in the car though . too many small pieces .
 We really enjoy playing this game . It 's so easy to teach the younger children to play .
 The Neca head knockers are a great collectible item and I have numerous . The detail is fantastic and they look great .
 My son loved this gift as much as he loves the movie . Its a lot bigger and studier than I expected which is nice . We will enjoy seeing it every holiday . A great keepsake .
 Its neato and I have the Heatmiser one too.They are on display year round because I love Rankin/Bass . They are Christmas Gods.Fun collector 's item for sure.I bought this one because my son tore the head off my other one and fairly easy too I might add . He 's a real bruiser .
 This toy is just as much fun as Mr. Heat Miser ... just do n't get him too close or he 'll melt !
 I got this as a semi-joke for my husband because Freeze Miser -LRB- NOT Snow Miser , as in the description -RRB- is his favorite Christmas character and he loves it ! I do n't think it would be a great toy - the arm fell off in shipment , but I glued it back on and it was fine , but do n't think it would take a kid playing with it ...
 We were looking for a new game to play when our 13 year old granddaughter came for her annual visit this summer . Sequences really fit the bill and was a great hit . No game is the same . Each time the player has a chance of finding something new about the strategy . We all enjoyed it . We ask some friends over for dinner one night of her visit . The game changes completely when you play with more players . Sequences has now joined our `` classics '' collection .
 This is a great game for parties or small groups . You can play with anywhere from 2 to 12 players and the rules can be learned in just a few minutes .
 We have so much fun playing with one or two other couples . You definitely need more than two people to make it more fun.Also fun to play with the grandchildren as they catch on pretty fast!Have Fun !
 We bought this game recently.To win the game one should be lucky.If the cards and chips are provided with a case it would be great .
 I first knew about this toy by a friend . I used to hear them saying how exciting was to play it.The minute I started playing with my friends , I was convinced that I wanted one for my family.The very next day I went to buy it and now is the excellence toy for everybody in my family -LRB- husband , sons , mother , sister , brothers , in-laws -RRB- . Toys like Monopoly , Tripoly and others are now part of the past.This toy really encourages team playing , challenge and strategy.I love it and highly recommend it.Lourdes Medina
 We really enjoy playing this game . We play it when we are out camping and we took it out of the camper over the holidays when our kids were home and played it both nights . They really loved the game and went right out to buy it for their families . We are going to a friend 's house for dinner tomorrow night and was telling her about it and she said to bring it along . We higly recommend this game.Thanks for a good family game .
 Perfect blend of luck & skill involved in this game . Once you start it hard to stop . Jack 's are wild -LRB- two-eyed jack are wild you can put your chip anywhere . But the one-eyed jack are called the anti-wild which mean you can take one chip from your OPPONENT off the board . -RRB- Very exciting game of when to play offense or when to back down a play defense . .
 This game is deceptively simple to learn , yet I 've been playing it for over 8 years and I 'm still learning new strategies . It involves a rare combination of luck and skill . Each round unfolds differently and can change rapidly in the course of a few cards played.It 's a particularly good family game , one which can be enjoyed by kids that are 7 , or 77 .
 Friend loaned me this game and insisted I play . I was n't all that taken by what I saw on the box , but she kept asking . Finally , we tried it just to say we had . Well , after the first game , we played again and after the second game , we played again ! Right now , we are planning another game as soon as football is over . Yes , football takes precedence for the men ... darn !
 Played this game for the first time with friends . Great fun for my 8 - and 12-year-old as well as the adults !
 So much fun ! We got all our friends addicted to it!When our power went out because of the ice storm here in ATL recently , my husband and I played all afternoon to pass the time .
 This game is pure fun ! You want strategy ? This game gives it to you ! You want fun ? This game gives it to you ! You want excitement ? This game gives it to you ! It is a good family game and everyone can play , all you need to do is use your thinking skills .
 This game is phenomenal ! It is rare to find a game that can be played by such a varied number of people . My entire family loves to play this game . Even the youngest -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- can get involved by helping to find the matching spot on the game board ! We have spent hours playing this game and never get bored . Even the teenagers agree to play with their parents - more evidence that this is truly a game for all ages !
 I bought this game some years ago on the recommendation of a couple of families at my church . They claimed it was simple to learn -LRB- so almost everyone in the family could start playing at once -RRB- and it was the sort of game you could still chat and socialize while playing at your own pace . Also , most `` hands '' were over pretty quickly , so you were n't tied into some long , long undertaking -LRB- think Monopoly or think RISK -RRB- . You could play a short while or long while.Basically , you have a board made up of card faces and you have chips -LRB- red , green , blue -RRB- that you use to mark the cards you set down -LRB- ie play -RRB- . Your goal is to get five in a row -LRB- across , up and down , diagonally -RRB- . There are also Jacks -LRB- one-eyed and two-eyed -RRB- that allow for a strategic removal or additon of a chip to the spot of the player 's choice . That 's where the real battle gets going . Do you remove from X player or Y player ? Do you save your Jack for a last minute chip add for the win ? Does the other player have multiple jacks , and what do you risk setting down?There are variations -LRB- double fives , for instance -RRB- . Two or three players can play , or three teams can play , or whatever variation you can come up with given the pieces.My sisters , nieces , and I really enjoy it . And even the guys have had a good time with it.Strongly recommended for families who enjoy board games that give them the flexibility of time and sociability.Mir
 This game is fun for everyone because luck sometimes overcomes skill and although strategy plays a big part the best plans can be laid asunder by a 10 year old with the right card .
 You can play this game with just one partner , or in huge teams !!! This game uses logic , and there are some extra perks too , like removing chips . This is a great family game !!!
 My brother introduced the entire family to this game a few years ago at Christmas and we have been playing it ever since . Whether playing as individuals or in teams , Sequence never fails to capture us and our guests and hold us all at the table for as long as we care to play . But the real testiment to the game is this
 My 17-year-old son and I played one game , and we were hooked . We also found we could play several rounds quite quickly . Then my 30-something stepdaughter , who had introduced us to the game , joined in , and we realized that adding a third player -LRB- or team -RRB- changes the dynamic dramatically . Suddenly , each player is working against two , rather than one . We had a great time but ate up a couple of hours in the process -LRB- on just one round ! -RRB- . Not everyone rated this game high for educational value , but I disagree - I think it 's excellent for honing strategic thinking skills . Not to mention ` way better than sitting around watching `` The King of Queens . ''
 We 're addicted . A friend recommended it - I bought it a year later and we play it every night . We play with our neighbors and also our six year old . Our six year old is able to get the strategy and wins sometimes . A great game for two people or six people .
 We became addicted to Sequence after only playing one round . It is a fast-paced game that requires a lot of thinking and strategy . It looks like it would be easy to play , and it is , but it quickly becomes a very complex game . There is an element of luck , and if you play partners , an extra dimension of wondering what your partner will do , but by and large it is a game of planning and tactics . We love it ; it was the first item on our Christmas list this year after playing it with friends .
 Fun game that gets you thinking ! I like that the pieces came with bags to store them in . I have been buying a lot of games lately and lot of them do n't have bags and it gets disorganized , and I would imagine pieces would go missing faster .
 Good game for the family . Easy to learn and fun to play . Would definitely recommend to buy for self or to give to a friend .
 We played this game with friends and then bought it the next day . It 's a lot of fun and can be played with 2-6 players . My boys are 10 and 14 and both liked it very much .
 This is a fun , mentally engaging and challenging game . It requires strategy and anticipation of remaining cards in the deck to increase your chances of winning . There are penalties for not paying attention so this is not a great game to play when there are distractions . Makes an excellent party game in teams for a super fun game night . A classic game for a good reason.Also , the board is very deluxe . I 'm pleased that it is so high quality .
 Great game really had not had time to play it much but glad to know it is in our home when ever we get the chance to play .
 We chose this Sequence game because our neighbors introduced us to it . Once we learned the game it was exciting to use strategic plays to stop our opponent . We can play singly or with a partner.I recommend this game to anyone !
 The service was very fast and the purchase I got is great . No customs was to pay which was surprising . Everything was excellent !
 This game is fun and keeps the mind functioning ... especially for seniors who like to keep the mind active . Not too difficult . It can be played with several on a team .
 The product is high quality , good for kids and adults and arrived on the day it was promised . Very pleased .
 If your family likes board/card games , this is a perfect match for you . My wife and I have spent many happy hours playing this . -LRB- I seldom win , got ta wonder about that -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 This is a fun board game It was actually a gift formy 23 year old granddaughter , to play withher friends , on their annual two week camping trip.And they thoroughly enjoyed it . Requires someconcentration and attention span of at least 8 + year olds .
 We recently played Sequence with a very diverse group of 6 -- ages 30-85 and IQs 80-155 . The rules are easy . Even my 85 year old MIL could understand them , and she has trouble picking up new things now.Easy rules do not keep this from being a challenging game . Strategy and logic important , but so is luck . The no-talking -LRB- about the game -RRB- rule helped level the playing field -- as did fair division of teams . A `` bad '' move does n't kill the game , and it may turn out to be a good move in the end . The game is fast enough that folks ca n't obsess about mistakes.This is a game where you could get intense , count cards , deduce chip placement probabilities , etc. , or you could just play for the fun of it.Everyone had fun and plenty of time to rib each other incessantly . We are already looking forward to a rematch.Simply a great game .
 For years , I have seen this game at the stores and yet it was n't until now that we decided to give it a try . Wow , we were pleasantly surprised ! This game is one of the funnest board games I have played in a while . It is incredibly easy to play . In less than five minutes , we were already having fun . I was amazed that for such a simple Card game , how high the Strategy Factor was . Just like dominoes , almost anyone can play the game but not everyone will actually master it . I can truly say that this is one of the few games that the luck factor does n't bother me at all . Plus , this is a very flexible group game given that anywhere between 2 to 12 friends can play . If you are searching for a fun , quiet , simple game that requires no overwhelming strategy skills and players from all ages can play together then look no further , you found it . For those interested in more details keep reading : Game Play - 2 or 3 Players can play individually against each other . If more than 3 are playing then everyone plays in teams up to a maximum of three teams , which will not allow 5 , 7 or 11 players able to play . This means that if twelve friends are playing , there will be three teams of four players each . Each team will take turns playing a card and placing a token on the board matching the card played with the attempt to place five of their tokens in a row before their opponents do so . There are two types of Jacks in the game . One can be used as a Wild Card , which will allow you to advance your game or block your opponent . The other allows you to remove any token from the board . One set of five in a row wins the game unless being played by 2 or 4 players , which will require 2 sets of five in row to win.Strategy vs. Luck - For a card game the Strategy Factor in incredibly high . How and when to play your Jacks , where to play your tokens , should you block or push forward ... the decisions you make will bring you sweet victory of sour defeat . Even with the luck factor , skilled players will hardly ever lose to absent-minded amateurs . I would like to add that this is a no-talking game . Any coaching or signaling will result in penalties , Ha!Awesomeness Factor - As the owner of almost every board game ever made I can assure you that this is a Must Buy for anyone that enjoys having fun . There is a Jumbo Version of this game . I would purchase that one if given the choice , especially if you are planning to play with lager groups.Awesome game for Awesome fun ! Enjoy !
 If you like playing cards this is a great game . I think it 's geared more for the older ages groups . Great way to unwind with a glass of wine and fun board game .
 After playing this game at a friend 's home I went to three different stores looking for it and found nothing . One signon to Amazon.com and I located the game and had it within days to start playing . I thought to myself , why did I even bother looking at retail stores .
 I have two grandchildren , 13 and 10 , who live in a different city . Whenever I go visit , I like to take a new game to enjoy . Last time , I took Sequence and not only did they love it , but we played ALL weekend ! To a certain extent it is a thinking/strategy game but , of course , you have to draw good cards.Then , I took it with me on a week 's vacation with three other teaching chums and they too loved it so it has a universal appeal.Great to find such a versatile , challenging game of which one does not tire .
 This is a wonderful game of strategy and fun . My whole family loves to play it
 This is a great family game and can be played with teams or by individual players . Children as young as 10 can be involved on a team and do just as well as seniors or older children . I first played it with a group of senior citizens -LRB- ahem ... myself included -RRB- and everyone had a good time . It 's just plain fun !
 My wife and I have played this game nearly every day for over two years . When you first get the game you 'll have fun figuring out strategies and efficient thinking methods so that it does n't take so long to take a move . -LRB- I wo n't ruin the joy of making those discoveries on your own . -RRB- After we played the game for some time -LRB- a month or two ? -RRB- we decided that the Jacks made the luck swing too much one way or the other so we 've been playing without them ever since . In the two years that we 've played we 've had 2 or 3 games go to a draw , which was fun in itself . It is always fun to watch the board in those games where the board fills up and wonder , Is this going to be one of those games that goes all the way to the last card?What 's great about this game is that after you get your thinking system down -LRB- perhaps using particular card placement in your hand to help -RRB- it requires just the right amount of thought where you can actually eat dinner and play and have a pleasant conversation about your day all at the same time.Great game . Wish I invented it !
 WE play this game all the time as teams . Ages range from 12 to 48 and everyone chooses this game to play when it is Family Fun Night !
 We had a lot of fun playing this game for the first time last night . I see this being pulled out frequently in our family and when playing with others . The strategy in the game is figuring out where best to place your pieces to get a sequence and also preventing others from getting a sequence . We liked the No Table Talk rule in which you lose a card -LRB- you only have 6 -RRB- if you give hints or comments about plays or turns . This keeps it honest and also allows the other rule to kick in - if you do n't pick up your card before the next person completes his/her turn by picking up a card , you lose out and you 're left with fewer cards to play .
 Kids and adults love it . Easy enough for my seven year old nephew to play . We especially like playing it in teams .
 One of my absolute favorites -LRB- and that means much as I generally do n't like to play parlor games -RRB- !! It 's a perfect game for children -LRB- I would say from five years on -RRB- and adults of every age -LRB- even great-grannys ! :-RRB- and it does n't become boring as it is n't one of those endless strategic games * yawn * . But nevertheless , it is n't that easy-peasy as it might look like at the beginning - just try and enjoy !! Besides that , it is the perfect gift not only for families ; -RRB-
 This is a great game for two or many ! Keeps you looking and thinking ahead for your next move . Lots of fun !
 we enjoy this game quite a bit . It is an easy learn and a good option for easy play that you can carry on a conversation over .
 This is a great game for family fun and is also a fun drinking game . I highly recommend it to anyone !
 This is an awesome game.Would recommend to everyone I know . Easy to learn how to play.Good entertainment with our friends .
 Ive bought this ge as gifts for a few people and we 've all gotten hooked in it . It requires strategy , thought and some luck .
 Arrived on time -LRB- it was a Christmas gift for my wife -RRB- . She loves this game , so it was an easy one .
 Purchased this game for my husband after having played it years ago with friends . It is just as fun as we remember and it is fun to play with our children now -LRB- 5 Years and older -RRB- . Would definitely recommend it !
 This is a game that 's been around for years . Ages 8 and up can play with adults on teams . Good strategy building .
 I bought this game for my mother in law , we played the game at christmas and was laughing so hard it was really fun and we all had a great time .
 My family and friends have all enjoyed playing this game . It takes a minute to learn , but we all picked it up pretty quickly ! If you have n't played before , it is basically connect four , but with a board and a deck of cards . We found it was best with 6-8 people . It was n't as much fun with 2-3 people . The more the merrier !! I would highly recommend this game .
 Love this game . It is as fun to play now as it was when I was a kid . I recently played it with my mother , sister and cousin , all of whom had never played it before ; you would n't have known because they picked it up so quickly . They were skeptics at first because the concept seemed so easy but once a few `` Sequences '' were blocked and a few One-Eyed Jacks were played they realized they game would n't be over as soon as they had expected . They all enjoyed it and ca n't wait to play again . 5 Stars .
 Great game for families or adults . Lots of thinking required as unable to talk with your partner . Easy enough for anyone to play if they can read .
 I 'm an adult who loves to play games . This is the ONLY game my husband consistently agrees to play , and the one every adult I know who plays games is always willing to play . The secret is in the simplicity and in the balance between luck and strategy
 The product we ordered was not available in Australia at the time . On ordering from Amazon every thing went smoothly , & we weredelighted to receive the well packed item within 14 days of despatch .
 Great game . Simple enough for a kid to understand , but enough strategy to entertain adults.We still use this when we have guests over . The 2 player mode is fun , but we 've had the most fun with 2 teams of 2 people . Trying to figure out your partner 's strategy makes it a lot more fun.After such a good experience with this game , we purchased a kids version that uses animals rather than playing cards and it is very good as well .6 years after purchase , the board still looks brand new , and that is after quite a lot of use . The chips are hard thick plastic and you wo n't have any trouble with them cracking or breaking.Great game - highly recommended .
 Sequence is a really addicting game and is great for parties !!!! Any age can play and is really durable.I bought it and soon my friends bought it !!!!
 Who knew that there was a game I never heard of . My friend ordered it because she played this in Florida and she liked it . She wanted to teach me . It was easy to learn and so much fun to play .
 we always play this game when we getogther with our friends . little diversion to the basic card game . if the cards were more durable that would have been even more great !!
 I played this game with family and friends and knew beforehand that I would like it when I bought it .
 I enjoy this game . It 's one of my favorites during family game nites . This a game for the whole family in my opinion .
 Really fun game to play , you would enjoy playing it with the whole familyfast and fun ... a must to have
 Arrived earlier than expected which was a surprise since it was close toChristmas . Game is fun for all ages . Only wish I had ordered one with alarger board since this one is hard to read when there 's a larger grouparound a large table .
 sequence great game but want to know how to purchase just the jumbo board easier to see ! let me know .
 I sent this to myself and thwe kids and grand kids love it . There is some strategy involved and the grand kids picked it up quickly
 Great strategic game for any age ! Watch the diagonals and free spaces ! Fun for many hours ! I highly recommend this game
 I already own this game and we play it all the time . I bought another one to give as a christmas gift . They now play it all the time .
 I was introduced to this game by a friend . It is fun for 2 people , or as many teams as you like . I would recommend .
 A friend made one for my family , but it is played the exact same way as this one . It is so much fun ! A must have for small parties , for bored kids , everyone . My mom , aunt , cousin , and I -LRB- ages range from 15 - 58 -RRB- were playing it , and before we were finished everyone else wanted to play too . It 's great for campouts , rainy days , family game night , anytime you and your family need some quality time .
 Children as young as four can enjoy this game with their family . The youngest children will need assistance remembering to look for building to the 5 in a row sequence . Children and adults enjoy this game and it requires a level of concentration that makes for a very quiet game . Once you master this game , you do n't want people talking and interrupting your thought processes . Truly this is a game for all ages , if you can match the card to the game board . A must for all singles and families . Get yours soon and enjoy !
 Even my toddler son enjoyed playing this game with the family . It 's an easy concept - matching cards in your hand to those on the board - but a great time for any size gathering . We 've played it with two or three players , and four to six players -LRB- teams -RRB- . We 've had all kids , kids and adults mixed , and all adults ! It helps kids to learn the suits in a deck of cards too ...
 This game is a lot of fun for a couple of friends or for a lot of friends . It has been great for me and my wife because it was hard for me to find a card game , or any game my wife like to play.It is easy to learn.It take alot of thinking to win , . so it makes you use your brain to make you think what you and your partners are trying to do either to get a sequence or block the other players from doing the same . Just a lot of FUN just give it a try and you will get hooked on it and start a weekly or monthly get together with your friends .
 I bought Sequence for my 14 year old daughter for Christmas . We love to play games that involve strategy , and are easy to learn . This game is very easy to learn . Sometimes it is pure luck because someone is dealt a good hand . Other times and those are the best times , strategy is the key to winning . The object of the game is to get 5 of your markers on the board in sequence first . The Jacks are wild . There are 2 types of Jacks , one eyed Jacks and two eyed Jacks . One of the Jacks allows you to replace an opponents piece with one of yours and the other Jack allows you occupy a vacant space on the board . Do n't worry about remembering which is which the game board notes that on the side for you . When the game is good you have to decide if you are going to use your Jack -LRB- s -RRB- to help build your sequence or to stop your opponent 's sequence . All I can say is that this is one family who is addicted to this game !
 This game can become your favorite adult `` revenge '' game . We play for hours . Blocking the other team is almost as much fun as winning !! Great thinking game -LRB- but I would n't give it to younger children . -RRB-
 This is a game that uses strategy with a little luck . Players or teams try to make a 5 sequence run using the cards in their hands . There are removal cards and wild cards that add a little twist to the game . A great game to play any time of the day .
 Ordered this through Amazon.after playing at a family gathering . We have ages 8 to 81 playing and everyone had a great time . Since buying it , my husband and I have played on several evenings . For the past 2 weeks ends friends have come over to play . Everyone has loved this game . Some luck , some plotting . Great fun for all ages .
 Length :
 One of our freinds introduced to this brilliant game . After that we were hooked one of the best games i have ever played . Up to 12 players can play .
 `` Sequence '' is a challenging game that is fun for both the adults and the kids . It is one that will really make you think and holds your interest for several rounds of play . This is a fairly new game to us , we 've had it since Christmas , and it turned out to be one of the best and most thoughtful presents we recieved as a family , as it gives us a great couple of hours of time together.The object of the game is to get 5 chips in a row on a game board that has 2 sets of playing cards printed on it.Each player is dealt a given number of playing cards -LRB- the amount will depend on how many players there are -RRB- . Using the cards in your hand , determines where on the board you may put your chips.Be careful though . . there are wild cards lurking out there ... just when you get your strategy all set and are ready to be the winner . . someone may remove one of your chips or even worse ... use a wild card to win their own sequence!I like that it really makes you think . Like Chess you will be planning your next few moves in advance . Should the strategy be to go for the sequence or block your opponent ? The more the board fills up with chips , the more fun to try and figure it out . Team play requires more sequences to win.The game may be played on an indivual basis -LRB- with 2 or 3 players -RRB- or may be played by teams -LRB- this is always fun for the youngsters to team up with an adult -RRB- . The only probem would be if you had five or seven or elven -LRB- up to 12 may form teams -RRB- people . Too many to play indivually and not enough to make another team of 2 . -LRB- this is why I went with 4 stars on fun -RRB- . The equipment seems to be pretty durable . The chips are smaller than checkers though and young children an toddlers should be supervised , so as not to choke on them . Two decks of standard playing cards come with it , so there 's a perk , you can use them to play card games as well . The instuctions were easy to understand , by the second round we had it down pretty good , and they also came in Spanish for those that may need it.This is one game that will probably never see the bottom of the stack ! Get the family away from their TV 's and computers , take it on trips , or bring it out when company arrives . It 's a nice way to spend an evening or a rainy afternoon ... Have fun ... Lauriealso recommended for the entire family : Hasbro Games Clue
 Sequence is one of those rare games that can be played by many people of widely different ages at the same time . A little skill and a lot of luck make this an easy game to learn , but sometimes very tough to win . It 's more of a card game than a board game , so I can see why one reviewer said it requires `` no skill , '' but I do n't think that 's a reason to `` dis '' the game
 This is a great game for adults and kids - it combines strategy , skill and a little luck so that it is always exciting . My 6 year old is too young to play except on a team but my 10 year old loves it as do my wife and I . One has to think when the board gets crowded with chips and the room gets very quiet when someone is one chip away from a sequence . The game can be played in anywhere from 15 minutes to 45 minutes .
 Whenever my family wants to play a game we play Sequence , because its easy to learn , way fun to play , and it does n't take forever to play ! Whenever we play Risk or game like that , it takes us two hours to get through it , but this game only take 15 to 20 minutes to play so we do n't have to make a whole night of it ! You can have fun playing in teams or just two or three people against each other . It was an awesome game !
 I love this game , I 've played it hundreds of times by now . It is one of the few games that just 2 people can play and the rules are simple , it only takes a minute to refresh your memory if you havent played it in awhile . I ca n't stand those other games where you struggle through complicated rules and instructions when you just want to get the game started . Often by the time I understand the game I dont feel like playing it anymore , this one gets you into the game asap . It 's equally fun with 3 people and you really do n't have the advantage of knowing a game better than a newcomer , they pick it up quickly .
 Sequence is a board game and card game all in one ! It does n't take long to understand how to play - but good luck wanting to stop ! My family has had this game for a year now - and it has never hit the bottom of the pile of games ! My 5 & 4 yr old daughters love it too ! They play by themselves or team up with Dad & I.The game consists of a board with 2 decks of cards printed on it . 2 decks of cards are used to play the game , along with 3 different colors of chips . 2-12 players can play - tho I recommend keeping it to 2 , 3 or 6 to be the most fun . You are dealt approximately 6 cards -LRB- depends on the # of players -RRB- and you use those cards to put your chips on the board . The goal is to get 5 chips in a row -LRB- a Sequence ! -RRB- and get the most Sequences on the board before it is full . There are wild cards to throw some guessing into the mix too!This is a wonderful family game ! I highly recommend it . This one wo n't disappoint even the youngest or oldest of players ! 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 Few members of my family like games as much as I do . It 's like pulling teeth to get them to play . But , this game gets played even if I 'm NOT THERE to start it . My 80 year old father and 55 year old sister even have grudge matches ! After teaching it to other friends and family , we have been asked to `` buy it for Christmas '' for them . So far , we 've given five of these games , by request . It 's an easy game to teach and you can learn it in about 5 minutes . We 've played with two to eight people . We like it best as a one on one game or in two person teams . Sequence is like Bingo , Po-ke-no and a `` luck o ' the draw '' card game . It 's not heavy on strategy , but it does make you think . Chance plays a big part , especially when you draw a Jack since it is WILD . Just BE CAREFUL , IT 'S ADDICTIVE ! Some have lost many hours of sleep for `` just one more game '' .
 Friends of ours have this game and brought it out on an evening after dinner . I was very hesitant at first . I do n't normally like board games with cards or chips . I typically prefer more outspoken , interactive games . Surprisingly , I rather enjoyed this game . I love playing defense and keeping my opponent from making five in a row . This game is smart and fun at the same time . I would recommend that anyone try this . It can be addicting .
 We 've been playing Sequence for over 6 years now and have n't grown tired of it ! If you love strategy games , this one 's hard to beat ! Each game is different -LRB- the outcome -RRB- ... as it involves a little bit of luck ... and a lot of strategy ! We bring it to Soup Plantation -LRB- all you can eat place -RRB- and eat/play for 2-3 hours ! It 's tons of fun ... and we get a crowd watching us . We do n't have kids , but this would be a great family game to teach reasoning/strategy . A + + +
 a hit ! ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * I 'm always looking for more games to play with my nieces , especially the 11 year old , who is getting good at chess , and always beats me at Mancala . This game is simple enough to learn that the 9 and 10 year olds were willing to play too . For kids who have trouble with individual competition , this game has an interesting team play option also . ----- The game board has 104 spaces with the pictures of the cards in two standard card decks arranged in a big rectangle , but not in order . The object is to play your hand -LRB- 5-7cards at a time , depending on the number of players -RRB- to form a sequence of card squares . -LRB- markers are used to show the filled squares . -RRB- The jacks have special wild card rules , some can be used on any space , and some can be used to substitue your marker for your opponents . ----- This game is very easy to learn and has the advantage that you dont need to learn new pictures , the cards are two standard decks . They could be replaced if necessary by any decks of cards if you lost some cards from the original set , and used up all the jokers as replacements . ------ After you 've played once or twice , it becomes clear that certain strategies for making a row might backfire if the other player gets the wild card that allows her to remove your piece and take the spot . Or your using that play yourself , may backfire.My 11 year old still is usually the winner , but the rest of us have enough of a chance to make it competitive . ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * This is a great family game for 2 to 4 players . Simple enough that ages 8 and up can play and compete with adults , and just tricky enough for the adults to find it great fun too . ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *
 This is a fun game that we play with our grandchildren , ages 11 and 14 . Their dad enjoys playing with us , too .
 `` Sequence '' was bought for my 10 year old granddaughter . She likes a challenging game and this fit the bill . She loved it . I 'm satisfied with my purchase .
 Brings family together , easy to learn , tough to master , good for all ages and casual to hardcore gamers . Overall , great game .
 accurate description , accurate shipping , great fun for the whole family or just the adults with a friendly competition between males and females .
 Our family gets extremely competitive when playing Sequence . Women against Men - it 's true that winning requires a bit of strategy with a bit of luck . We have so much fun giving each other a hard time about winning or losing !
 Everyone we introduce to Sequence absolutely loves it !!!!! And they all subsequently buy it . We have our three sons and their partners visiting at the moment and have bought it for them for Christmas .
 Have had played this gamed for a very long time and was in need of a replacement . The shipping was fast and item came new in plastic as described . A great game for a night of family fun .
 Sequence is a great balance of chance and strategy . My wife and I received this as a gift and have since given it as a gift to family and friends . Highly recommended !
 My family has been playing Sequence for years so I decided to buy it for a gift for a single dad with 4 kids that are only into video games . I 'm hoping they will enjoy this game as much as we do . Great for ALL ages !
 Mixing a card game and a kind of BINGO style board game in one . Played teams and had fun trying to block each other while completing our own in-a-row lines .
 So much fun we lost track of time this is truly a game of strategies the use of the jacks made moves unpredictable and a whole lot of family fun ? Make sure the seller does not send it media mail it does not qualify and cost me a additional $ 3.31
 We have spent hours playing this amazing game . One of the features I like is that you can play up to 12 people at same time , it is easy even for kids . My family and friends enjoy playing this game.I recommend it .
 Sequence is fun to play with older friends and can be played with 12 year olds . It is not so difficult that it excludes conversation but it does require close attention . It is like tic-tac-toe with playing cards .
 This game is fun and does not take a long time to complete . You can play with 2 to 6 , but a team with two couples are best .
 Love this game . played it loads . very easy to learn . lots of fun . We often get this out when friends come over for a meal . it just helps conversation etc. .
 was introduced to this game on board a cruise ship when we had a miserable day outside it is very additive and fun for all ages im in my 50 's and often play it with people of all ages great fun
 This is a great game for young and old . Hours and days of fun with family and friends . My kids are 8 and 11 and playing with their parents makes family time special . Will recommend this to any one who wants to have days of fun . A must buy product .
 Played the game once with some neighbors and I was hooked . Had to get it for ourselves and are not sorry we did . Great fun from young to old and almost any number of players works .
 I love this game . It 's fun teaches you strategic skills , how to work with a partner and provides hours of fun at a party , rainy or snowy day . Many can play at once so no one feels left out . Highly recommended .
 I love this game , I had searched and searched at stores nearby and none ever had it in stock . At Christmas time I wanted to purchase this game for my family and found it through Amazon and at a fair price . My family loves this game , its actually one of my favorites and I remember playing it with my family growing up too . Glad I found it at Amazon .
 We have this game and played with my twin sister and her family , our daughter and her family and our son and his family . They loved it so much that I purchased 3 games , one for each of them for Christmas as a family gift . The thing that we love about this game is it is for any age .
 We were at a friend 's house the first time we played this game . I like strategy games that do n't last all night long . It is easy to learn , fun and moves at a fast pace . We bought the game ourseleves . Great to play with adults and older kids . We have a 14 year old and he enjoys the game also . We typically do n't have hours on end to devote to game playing . But when he gets to choose which game to play , he usually comes back with this one . We also have the states version of this game - but for some reason it is not as fun - not sure why ... it is the same strategy . Get it , you will not regret it .
 We love this game , but the only downside is that the chips are the same color on both sides - in the deluxe version , one side of the chips is gold so that when a team gets 5 in a row , they can turn the chips over to show one completed row . So we wound up sitting around coloring one side of them with a black sharpie marker before we played .
 Sequence is a great game involving both skill and luck . You can play with a wide range of number of people .
 This is my second sequence game set . My family really is enjoying this game a lot . This game makes you think a lot about the gaming strategy .
 This game is great family fun , and it can be enjoyed by children as well as adults . It 's a little addictive once you 've become familiar with the game board layout . I bought the game for myself and a friend because we had played with my parents and loved it so much.Sequence Game
 Sequence is a great game for two to up to twelve players , ages 7 and up . The fun comes from strategy and luck , and the fact that you must play both offensively and defensively . It requires concentration and observational skills , but is not tedious or too difficult . It 's easy to set up , colorful , durable , and convenient to play on most any flat surface . The wild jokers add a fun element to winning . Friends introduced me to this game and I 've been enjoying and playing it , often.Sequence Game
 Great game Makes you think how to out fox other players . My eight year old grandson can play this . A game for every age child to adult . It is more fun with 3 or 4 players .
 Great fun for the whole family . My 5 year old loves playing this . Great for 2 people , to 12 people . Enjoy !
 The product was purchased used and is in much better condition than I expected . It is hard to tell that it is not brand new . Very happy with this product and purchas .
 Its an amazing game witch gather your frinds & make you know the way they think & how smart the are . . BTW its not availabe in Saudia arabia & many of my friends are planing to order it from amazon .
 Great game , equalizes the gender factor on some games and makes it an interesting battle between the sexes . Great game for couples , mixed groups , kids , seniors ... no memory required . -LRB- I am 61 so I qualify -RRB-
 I ordered this game for my teenagers and we all enjoy it.We also get together with our neighbors for Sequence nights .
 The Sequence game is a wonderful family game . If you have several people in your family , you can play on teams . Our granddaughters are thoroughly enjoying their new game . Their parents and grandparents are enjoying the great family time !
 This is the 3rd sequence game I bought . One was for a grandchild under 6 and this is the child 's version , but he also plays the adult version too . It 's a family game , and teaches the children stragedy . Bought the second one for us , and this one is for my 9 year old grandaughter . My son plays this at the fire house and introduced this game to us . Fun-educational-can play a little or a long time .
 not only have we enjoyed the game , all we have played it with did also.Some have purchased it , and this is our 3rd order .
 There are n't many games that an entire family can play on a level playing field , but Sequence is one of them . This is similar to Connect Four , except you are limited to where you can play by virtue of the cards you have in your hand to play . We pull this game out at family gatherings and the ten year olds have as much chance to win as the fifty year olds . It 's great fun .
 This is a fun and addictive game . I like the fact that any age can play the game as well . There is strategy involved and you find yourself lost as you try to remember what the strategy you had in your head the last round was ... . but this is part of the fun . The game is well made and will last a long time . Our 5 year old has just as much fun as us playing the game . He may have a disadvantage as he is just places down the chips without using much strategy , but even still , manages to get a sequence now and then . I would recommend this game for great family fun .
 My 15 yr old daughter and I have been addicted to playing ever since it arrived . We pick a designated number of games or first to X number of wins . It is easy to play but to win you need to be attentive and use strategy .
 My parents originally played this game on vacation in Florida but did n't have a lot of space for extra things in their camper . So my dad created a version of it on the bottom of the dog cage ! We finally broke down and actually bought the game . Normally we play on teams -LRB- 2 people to a team -RRB- , but you do n't have to play it that way . It is very engaging and strategic ... and one of my all-time favorite board games !
 This game is fantastic fun for all the family . The concept is very simple but it 's very addictive . Buy this game , you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is one game that holds the attention of our entire family -LRB- Mom , Dad , two girls who started playing over a year ago at ages 6 and 11 -RRB- . We play in teams to help even out the skill levels and switch teams around to keep it interesting . Friends seem to get hooked right away as well .
 This is a great game of planning and strategy . You can spend hours playing it and enjoying it !
 Adults and teens play this game at our house and we find it very entertaining and thoughtful . enjoy very much .
 We learned about this from a relative who kept it on the dining room table all the time so those passing by could sit down and play . We played as couples as well as alone , and it is very entertaining . Teaches numbers and concentration . When my own children were young we played games together constantly and were able to enjoy each other so much more and make good memories . I believe that is what this game will do . Good going , JAX . You scored big time with this simple yet entertaining game .
 I love this Game ... we have been playing it for years ... two players ... 4 players or in 2 teams ... its always fun . A keen eye and plan ahead ... and dont forget to draw your CARD ... lol ... I highly recommend this game and have given it as gifts many times .
 This game is great for 2 or 3 people . I have n't tried the team version , but probably would work well with younger kids.Its takes strategy to and is n't as easy as you think .
 I love this game !! I played it once and was hooked . I had to purchase it for myself . It is one you can play anywhere ... any occasion . I highly recommend it . If you like a good thought provoking , stragedy filled game . This one is for you !
 Sequence is great fun . Almost every other night my grandparents walk over to our house -LRB- they live a block away -RRB- , and we play something like 6 rounds ! It 's great for all ages - my 8 year old brother likes it , and so do my grandparents ! It teaches strategy and team work . You can play it with 2 people , or pretty much how ever many you can get . Simple , but it 's really fun !
 This game is a blast . Every week when my family gets together for family night , my Grandpa , Grandma , Aunt and Uncle all play this game with us . We can get 12 people around the table , but usually we play with 8 . We have a lot of fun together on teams . My Grandma and Grandpa even play at home without the rest of us through the week .
 I hate putting out money for games that end up not being that much fun or get old quickly . That 's why we LOVE Sequence . It 's a guaranteed winner . Easy to learn , fast moving , never gets old
 My mother recommended this game to us , knowing that we enjoy frequent `` Family Game Nights '' . We love it , even our 5-year-old . Sometimes his strategy seems a little off and then he 'll end up winning ! Fun for ALL ages !
 You can never tire of this game . Even after you 've figured out the `` perfect '' strategy for playing against one opponent , it 's a whole new game with 2 opponents , and then if you play with partners , once again you have to refigure your strategy . For games that make a player think and do n't cost too much , this is the number one game . The game is easy to learn , but it never grows old . I love this game and spent five months searching for it before finding it because it is that good .
 Length :
 This game is so much fun . You can play one on one , or play in teams with a bunch of other people . It does however get really stressful when you lose , but that 's what keeps drawing you back to play again ... and possible win the next time . It 's a great mix of luck and strategy . I discovered this game a while ago and everyone that I show it too gets hooked . Awesome game .
 I was first introduced to this game while my daughter was in the hospital . It was a game that always had players , players of all ages , and everyone enjoyed it.While playing the game , the situations can change quickly - just when you have a plan , someone will play a jack and remove a crutial token , or will play a jack and take a crucial spot.One rule - no table talk to coach your partnet , can give rise to various coversations , for example if you want your partner to play the 2 of hearts , my daughter came up with a conversation about how she LOVES her TWO dogs . Each of these tangents brings up a new converation for the players.This has become a family favorite , and for every occasion it is set up and played by all who are there.Adults and children can play on the same level , kids are sometimes the most brutal , they do n't feel bad about taking your `` place '' . While adults may think ahead more , the kids come up with cleaver methods to foil the adults.I would highly recommend this game to any family or group as a fun way to spend the afternoon .
 This game is soooo much fun ! My husband and I love it . We usually play with just the two of us but we have played teams before with his parents . Winning is so much fun !!!!! The object of the game is to be the first person -LRB- or team -RRB- to get two sets -LRB- or sequences -RRB- of 5 chips in a row on the board . You must work on buiding your own sequences while at the same time trying to prevent your opponent -LRB- s -RRB- from getting theirs . This game is A BLAST !! I never get bored with it . Sequence is the most fun you can have playing a game without getting drunk or naked . That 's my opinion anyway ! If you 've never played sequence you really should give it at try . I play it every chance I get . LOTS OF FUN ! 5 + + + + + + STARS . GREAT GAME !!!!!
 I got sequence a few years ago after a recommendation from a friend . I love word and party games , but needed something I could enjoy playing with one other person rather than a whole room-full . Since I bought it , I break out the Sequence game regularly . It can be as easy or as challenging as you and your opponent make it ; Little kids can draw a card and match it on the board and put a chip on it , and adults can plot and plan indefinitely on the best strategy to beat the other player ! I have only played with 2 players , but there are instructions included to play in teams and I think that would bring a whole other level of strategy into play ! The construction of the game is nice too , the mat is durable and I think nicer than a folding board . I recommend putting your chips in ziplock bags to store them . Overall , great game for a small number of players !
 This summer I worked at a kids camp , and this was the new game in the closet . I played it the first night and played 4-8 times a day for the whole week ! We got addicted -LRB- and we are adults ! -RRB- . I had so much fun , and I think it is a very challenging game , because you are playing against teams . I ca n't wait to buy this game for my personal use . One of the ladies at the kids camp bought the game for her house a couple of weeks ago , after she taught her husband how to play , he got addicted too and started bringing the game to bed with them , `` Come on Honey , one quick game ! ''
 Love this game . Played it first at a family reunion , and had to buy it for our family . Challenging and fun .
 Excellent game for new players - they love it . We find it best when played by two teams of of two -LRB- 4 people -RRB- though other combinations are possible . It is also a great tournament game for two to four tables of 4 . There is scope for differing winning strategies .
 This game is both a Card game and a Strategy game . It plays different every time . You can play with two to 8 players . The only drawback is the tokens are small enough that if you have a child less than three they might swallow the tokens , but since this is for older persons , you just have to make sure any child can not get the tokens .
 I love this game - play with friends regularly . I also found an excellent online version for Android tablets and phones called Jacks Gone Wild . Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- to play ! There 's a free version , and a 99 cent ad-free download as well .
 Ages 8 and older ... we play this with adults - even my husband who hates playing any games enjoys this game . Always a good time ...
 This is a fun , family game or with friends . It 's unusual , that 's one of the reasons why I like it so much !
 Sequence is a great game and I was n't able to find it in shops ... however , you had it ! GREAT
 This is a fun game for groups to play . I like the twists and turns that come about when a play you are striving for is blocked by someone else , and you must then change your strategy . Although it 's a bit of a ` mind game ' it 's easy enough for children and challenging enough for adults .
 Good family and friends game without too much strategy . Keeps us entertained while still holding conversations . Works well for a group of adults or grandparents and grand kids .
 We played this once at a friend 's house and just had to get it ourselves . Anyone can learn it in five minutes and it blends strategy and luck nicely . Recommended ...
 My family has really enjoyed playing Sequence . We have had a variety of players , both male and female , aged 13-40 , seasoned board game players and total beginners , playing as three individuals and as two teams of two . This game is quick to play and there is no `` down time '' between turns -- while everyone else takes their turn you are busy plotting your next possible moves . This keeps everyone engaged and focused . Even my sister -LRB- who NEVER plays games with us -RRB- likes to play Sequence and has beat her husband and me several times ! Learning the game is fast and easy , and the set up is simple . The hardest thing to do here is shuffle two decks of cards together . I highly recommend this game !!
 Delivery was quick . The box was in great condition.The game provides a good fun when with family and friends !
 This game is easy because you can just wake up and have fun with your family members . You can expand this game and go for more sequences . Easy to travel with .
 This is a really fun game . My husband and I play this instead of watching TV in the evenings .
 Concentrate and you can even beat someone who wins all games in general . Fun , addictive , a good laugh to play with friends , serious game for high-level contenders . All in all , a good buy .
 I first played this game when I and my 20yr old son were invited to a friend 's house for dinner and we had a blast . I bought the game here at Amazon and recieved it very quickly and in time to bring to my Mother and Father 's 47th Anniversary party and all the family enjoyed the game so much . It 's a very easy game to understand and the rounds can be short although we had one round that lasted a long time but it was just a really good time !! Definately recommend this !
 Sequence is a game that 's a nice mix of chance and strategy . In that sense , it is not as confrontational as a game might be if it were purely intellectual , e.g. chess or checkers . We also like the flexibility of being able to play with 2 to 12 players . Also like conventional card games , it provides virtually limitless situational variations .
 My husband , friends and I enjoy this game . Good game of strategy for kids and adults alike . That 's why I was sending it to a 10 year old as a birthday gift . Be Advised ... Only use Amazon 's site . One of their marketplace vendor 's embarassed me by sending a used , incomplete game . The ad said NEW , but it was not ! I did get a full refund , but still have to repurchase it and send it personally .
 This is such an absorbing game ! Why is n't it available in the UK ? It combines the skill of playing cards with the concentration of playing a board game like chess . It requires advance thinking and strategy too.Ideal for kids from about 9 upwards , it teaches them to hold a fan of cards easily -LRB- there are 7 at most -RRB- , to recognise the suits and colours and to plan ahead to try and make a line of 5 in any direction - at the same time watching out to see what other players are craftily doing and trying to stop them .
 I bought this game for a friend 's daughter 's 12th birthday and she loves it ... It came in excellent condition ... it was new ... never been opened ...
 Me and the wife bought this game a couple months ago kinda skeptical . But we were in a panic because we were having people come over and wanted to get a couple things to entertain them . This was all that we could find at the local family owned store up the street from our house . We brought it home and pulled it out for everyone to play letting them know it was our first time as well . Within 5 mins we were playing like pros and everyone had a great time with this game . 2 of the couples that came over actually went out and bought this game and invited us over to play it with them . This game can either be played as a free for all or on teams which I thought was really fun seeing as though it was a couples night at our house . We have kids as well and they could n't wait to play either . This is a good party/family game that is a gem and instant classic !
 Our neighbors come over on a regular basis for game night . After mastering Rummikub , Apples to Apples and Phase 10 , we 've been looking for a new game to add to our repertoire , and Sequence fits the bill perfectly . Sequence can be played with up to 12 players -LRB- as long as the number is evenly divisible by 2 or 3 -RRB- . It 's a game of strategy as well as luck . Our kids age 10 and 14 can easily play as well as the adults . It 's a great addition to our game selection .
 This game requires the help of a partner and it is very entertaining . We have enjoyed this game for many years and we take it with us when we go camping . When my father-in-law comes to visit , we play this and he enjoys the way the boys have to think ahead . Very entertaining board game for the family and friends .
 Sequence is a great game for adults too . The rules are simple but it does make you think . You not only play your pieces but you have to watch the opponents too . Our family really enjoys it .
 We had played this game with some friends visiting from out of town and liked it so much we ordered our own after they left . It 's great to keep the mind challenged . Pieces are made well and the board itself is well constructed . Cards are not thin to get bent up easily . Impressed with quality of it and the fun is exceptional !
 Deluxe SequenceWe found this game and have enjoyed playing it . It combines the luck of the draw and a lot of strategy .
 Really nice game . Easy to teach , easy to learn . If you take it to a party people will be able to pick it up quickly . Easy but challenging .
 This is a different game which can be played with regular cards but has interesting dynamics which require a player to be both offensive in scoring for their own team while also watching and preventing other players from scoring . Really fun with more than two players .
 EVERYONE can play this game and will love it . We get new kids and grownups every year wanting to be added to `` teams '' to play around the pool . GREAT family game or game for 2 . Dont try to play with 3 players however , no one can win !
 This is a very fun game to play with 4 people.I do n't know about the educational aspects of it but it was a great thing to bring on a cruise whn you have a few `` sea '' days .
 I did n't open the package yet because I am planning to give as a gift . However , game in very good condition and the shipping was very fast . I like it
 This is a very fun game for children and adults . My husband and I love it .
 to play one on one , two on two or three teams of two , or last but not least and ultimate one on one on one . Very fun game to play . Simple set up , challenging play , and playable anywhere .
 Sequence is fun for the first few weeks after purchasing it , but after a while it becomes boring . It is a very simple game that anyone can understand . Although it does involve a bit of luck , it involves more skill and strategy that people would think.While the board and chips are strong , the cards are very flimsy . The rules state that you should play until someone gets 3 -LRB- ? -RRB- sequences , but I find it much more fun to play until either all the chips are used up or until there are no more cards left . Our family enjoys occasionally pulling out Sequence to play every once in a while.If you like strategy and want to play this game with young children , this game is great . I find it a bit dull and for anyone looking for a bit more excitement , I recommend that you purchase a different game .
 I WOULD TELL EVERYONE TO ORDER FROM YOUR COMPANY . THINGS WERE HANDLED VERY FAST . I AM NEW AT ORDERING , THEY WERE VERY HELPFUL . WOULD ORDER AGAIN IN TH FUTURE , A GREAT WAY TO ORDER . THANK YOU VERY MUCH , MARY FAIRCLOTH
 This game is great for almost any age . My 6 year old son wins this game almost every time !
 wish there was a way to order additional chips case there are some lost for future games . because the first night i played the game i lost a chip and forsee this happening again in the future.hopefully we will be seeing this game in computer format so it can be played when alone .
 The games are graet . One was for us and the other for our daughter . We get together and play every Sunday , either at her house or ours . The games were in excellent shape . Was sent very quickly after ordered . We also take the game camping or RV-ing .
 My friends and family just love this game . We have played individual and teams until way too late at night . Everyone can play , no matter how young . Great fun !
 This game is fun playing as singles & even better with teams . It 's `` connect four '' to the next level . Establishes strategic thinking for kids and adults while providing fun and entertainment . It was a hit for Christmas .
 A friend of ours bought this game for us one year after playing with it at her house first . We absolutely LOVE this game and everyone who is introduced to it loves to play it !!! Even people that are n't that interested in board games . I guess because you are actually playing with cards . You will want to keep playing once started . You can play individually or on teams . If you want to get something simple but alot of fun for 2 players on up then this is the game for you .
 My husband and I first played this game on New Years Eve with some friends . It is a little confusing at first , but once you get the hang of it it 's fun . There is quite a bit of strategy involved in playing and winning . You and your partner try to get rows of 5 cards in a row , matching the cards in your hand to those on a board . Jacks are the wild cards and help in removing your opponents pieces from the board or to block their attempt to get a row of 5 . Some games are quick while others are long and challenging , requiring rethinking your plan of attack . It 's not a mindless fun game , but is similar to other strategy board games .
 Sequence GameSequence is a fantastic game for kids and adults alike . My 7 year old loves it . It is best if you have at least 3 people to play , but you can play with 2 . Great Christmas gift !
 Great game for the whole family . There is some strategy but not so much that an average 8 year old could n't play . Playing with partners makes the game twice as exciting .
 The bigger the group , the more interesting this game becomes . Requires thought , but the strategy is pretty straightforward . Not the ideal game for those how prefer moving and shouting .
 I bought this for my grandchildren . The rules are easy to learn and remember . 2 to 12 can play . Dealt playing cards are played to match the cards on the board . There are wild cards also . The object is to get five cards in a row which is n't as easy as it sounds . Ages 7 to 70 have enjoyed playing .
 this is an easy game to learn yet fun for all members of the family
 Challenging card game , especially for 3 or more people . Good for kids or adults . Bought two at Amazon 's great price .
 i am 9 years old i liked the game a lot and my mom , dad , and my sister even my grand mom and grandpa loved it to it is for all adges
 A perfect family or friend game that is SUPER easy to learn and can be played over and over again!For those who know how to play already , have you tried `` speed sequence '' ? It 's a game my friends and I like to play when we get bored of the original game . You play sequence exactly the same , but fast - to the point where there is no pause between turns . Cards must be played consecutively with no hesitation . It 's totally fun and makes things a whole lot crazier !!!
 We purchased this game a couple of years ago and liked it so much we bought it for my sister and her family . This is a great game for many reasons . Firstly it can be played and enjoyed by people from ages 6 and up . The younger ones might not quite get some of the more strategic elements , but they can certainly join in and in my experience seem to have a good time playing . The second thing is the ease of setup . Even the first time when you 're just learning how to play the game it only takes a few minutes to learn and get going . After that setup is just a couple of minutes and you 're playing ! Finally the nice thing is that you can play for as little or as long as you like . Usually just one game is fairly quick , often in the 5-20 minutes range , but then you can continue to play as many rounds as you like , with each one being different . You can either fill a quick 15 minutes , or kill an entire afternoon ! Overall a great buy and recommended for anyone who likes to play games .
 It has been a few years since I was first introduced to Sequence , and it remains one of my favorite games . It is brilliant in the simplicity of its concept , which makes for amazing ease of play while providing a high level of fun , suspense and social interaction.The game consists of a double deck of cards , a board with corresponding card spaces , and three different sets of colored chips . Each player receives a dealt hand , and must select a card to place a chip on the matching board space with the goal of forming a sequence of five chips across , down or diagonally . The player or team to make two sequences first wins the game , so each side must strategize to block the opponent 's moves . Jacks are either wild or allow removal of an opponent 's chip . Team members are not allowed to coach one another -- `` table talk '' is penalized by removal of a chip.The optimal arrangement is for play by two teams of two players each . This game is suitable for kids , but it 's also a great party game , particularly when accompanied by adult beverages . Each game lasts maybe 30 minutes , but endless rematches have frequently taken us well into the wee morning hours . Highly recommended !
 This is a classic simple strategy game - it 's one of the more simple board games available for 2 players that can still present an interesting challenge without having to struggle too much to understand the rules . Larger groups of players also work well , but I 've found it 's hard to find good games that are just as fun with 2 people as they are with more . Sequence happens to be a game that is particularly great for 2 people -LRB- or more . -RRB- A great addition to anyone 's game collection .
 This game was recommended by co-workers . My husband and I enjoy playing Sequence . If I had known more about the game when ordering , I would have ordered the Jumbo Sequence version . There are many different versions available for children as well with educational value.Jan B.
 We were just introduced to this game at a friend 's house and had to have it . Since then we have shared it with other friends and they have enjoyed it too . Makes for a fun evening of play and allows you to still have a good conversation with each other .
 At a glance , Sequence does n't look like much , but it 's one of those games that you can pull out any time and play over and over again for hours on end . We do , anyway ! At every family holiday , we get the board going and people rotate in and out of Sequence all day long . One of the best things about it is how easily you can adapt the game to 2 to 6 players . It 's quick and easy to learn and you can play fun and relaxed or competitive and serious . If you like Rummycube , you 'll like Sequence .
 My 6 year old loves this game , yet it holds the interest of adults as well.I teaches a little bit of strategy to the young ` uns , forcing them to make decisions and plan ahead.It 's a quick game to play , and remains a favorite in our family .
 I now add this to my list of favorite games to play . It is easy to learn , fun for all ages , almost any number of people can play , does n't take forever to play , and takes a little strategy and a lot of luck . I do n't care for games that are too competitive or pit one 's intelligence against another 's . I think games should be fun and avoid bruising one 's ego . This requires just enough strategy that you have control over the game , but requires a lot of luck to pull it off . I recommend it !
 Someone at our family reunion had this game 2 years ago . My husband and I liked it so much we bought it this year . We took it camping and played it with our friends and then a few weeks later , they went and bought it too . My sister in law and brother in law also liked it so well that they went and bought it . This is a great game to play with adults or kids . It is teaching my 5 year old to match colors , numbers , and suits . He loves it as well as my 10 year old does . This game is the one to have if you want to play a quiet sit down kind of game . I recommend it to anyone .
 You do n't have to be a game person to like this game , which plays easily from two to four people . It 's got a playing board , poker chips , and uses two decks of cards . But you do n't have to figure a lot out , or do a lot of math , or hold a lot of cards -LRB- just six at a time -RRB- . It 's part luck , part thinking and , with four persons , part teamwork . Not as thorny and infinitely long as chess , nor as obvious as checkers , not a strategic all-nighter like Risk , or a major undertaking like Monopoly . Not a way-too-educational game you got instead of a toy for your birthday -LRB- to your dismay -RRB- . If you like all those games , you 'd probably enjoy Sequence also . But if you 're not a game person , and do n't like all of the above , this might be the one game you would like . It 's like hearing a clean joke that 's actually funny , or finding non-alchoholic beer that tastes good . The odds are stacked against it , but Sequence may have beaten the odds . The only other game I like this much is Battleship , but if you hate Battleship , you may still like Sequence . If you 've already got Cranium , empty the box out and put the Sequence pieces in the Cranium box . Then you 've got the best of both worlds
 My math professor sister-in-law and I bought this game for the kids , but most evenings when I visit , she and I get in our ` fix ' -- 3 games of Sequence . It requires just enough thought that you do n't get bored playing it , but not so much that you ca n't be sociable with the rest of the family at the same time . In our household , it sort of serves the same function as bridge when you only have 2 or 3 people .
 We 've had this game for over 5 years and we continue to thoroughly enjoy it . It 's easy to learn -LRB- so newcommers can be fairly competitive almost right away -RRB- . The pace of the game is very conducive to conversation -LRB- not to fast and not to slow -RRB- so it 's a great game to use while getting to know people more . Kids and adults can play together and enjoy good competition . One caveat , it 's not `` exciting '' as the box says , but it is very fun and offers hours and hours of good recreation among friends .
 I received this gift as a game and had a wonderful time playing it . You can play it with 2 people or 12 people and still have the same amount of fun . It 's one of the best games I have recieved in a long time
 This game is the best game there is in my opinion . It is very easy to learn but at first you are n't very good at it so it is n't as fun , but as soon as you get into it then you ca n't stop playing and you just learn to love it ! You can play with tons if people and it is just very fun . I would reccomend this game to anyone any age ! It is the best !
 My mother recommended this game to us , knowing that we enjoy frequent `` Family Game Nights '' . We love it , even our 5-year-old . Sometimes his strategy seems a little off and then he 'll end up winning ! Fun for ALL ages !
 You can never tire of this game . Even after you 've figured out the `` perfect '' strategy for playing against one opponent , it 's a whole new game with 2 opponents , and then if you play with partners , once again you have to refigure your strategy . For games that make a player think and do n't cost too much , this is the number one game . The game is easy to learn , but it never grows old . I love this game and spent five months searching for it before finding it because it is that good .
 When I first played , my husband discribed it as connect four - with two exceptions . 1 . You need to have 5 in a row , and 2 . You can only place a token if you have the corresponding card . The game is easy , and would be great for younger children . Some strategy makes it exciting for older players as well .
 We have large family gatherings and this game is fun to play with entire family or with just two players . Ours is out on the game table right now !
 This has been one of my Favorite board games . This is not as strategic as chess , but it does take strategy . I do not want to go into details about the game that you can read on the details page . It is best played with 2-3 players any more and it gets to busy . The games usually last around an hour which is a good amount of time . Remember how long some monopoly took ? You have a desk of cards and matching cards on the board . You put your color chips on the card you pull out of the pile and you have to get a `` sequence '' . Hence the name.Try it , it is fun and you just might get addicted .
 Sequence is a great game for kids and adults . The more clever of the bunch will work out strategies , but anyone can play in pairs or singly . It says up to 12 people at a time , but we only tried with four or five at a time . Highly recommend it . Simpler than gin rummy , no math involved , just matching cards with tokens in a row , yet there 's an element of planning and surprise that makes it great fun .
 It 's easy to understand and explain to new players . It is fun late at night even if you 're tired or drinking . It requires planning but not much thinking , and teaches children to be aware of their actions in advance . My family has had this game around for years , and glad that I can enjoy it into my adulthood with my husband ! : -RRB-
 This board game is great for a group of 4 or 6 , or for a couple just relaxing on vacation or needing a break from word games . It keeps the mind active as you strategize numerous options to score a win . Easy to pack and take on vacation .
 My husband and I never really like to play board games like some of our friends , but Sequence was introduced to us one evening by a couple we went to a Bed and Breakfast at a Winery and they brought the game . We spent the whole evening challenging each other and had so many laughs . I just had to order it from Amazon and now when friends come over we ask if they want to play Sequence and it helps past the time while having fun and enjoying conversation with our friends .
 `` Sequel '' is a nearly perfect board-game for ages 8-80 , because it requires hardly any real skill or experience.It is a game of nearly pure luck , and you have to pay attention all the time , but the games usually last under half an hour.so everyone can have fun .
 My 7 year old grandson introduced me to this game . He had learned to play it while visiting relatives in another state and wanted to buy it . After I ordered it from Amazon he said he wanted one for his house . Consequently I ordered another one -LRB- grandma is easy -RRB- . We have had a lot of fun playing the game . It requires strategy as well as math skills . There is some luck involved as to which cards you get , but how you use those cards determines how well one does . Usually , my 7 year old grandson beats everyone he plays with .
 This game is fun and challenging . It is one that you will want to play again and again with family and friends .
 I love playing Sequence ... would play it everyday if I could !!! Keeps your mind sharp and alert ! This game can be for all ages .
 Lots of fun - makes you think and use your strategy . Really enjoy playing the game with our friends and with just the two of us .
 Sequence is one of those classic games that takes minutes to learn and much longer to master . Simply play cards from your hand to place a marker on the corresponding card on the board . Once you or your team have a sequence , or two , of 5 in a row , you win.The game teaches attention , forethought , and focus to younger kids . While there is a certain degree of skills required to be successful , there is also an element of luck that can help any player win.If you 're looking for a light , social game , with high replayability , this could be a game for you .
 Sequence is a fun game of strategy . This particular board is rather small with four -LRB- 4 -RRB- people playing . The larger version would have been much better .
 I played an older version of the game at a neighbour 's and immediately ordered it from Amazon.It is simple enough that kids of any age can play - yet contains enough strategy that it will keep older players coming back.A great game period .
 Fun strategy game . Easy to learn and play . Appropriate for the entire family . Easy enough for the younger kids and interesting enough for the adults .
 Played this for the first time last night with a friend and had a blast . Great game - buying it now !
 This is more fun with four players . -LRB- It says you can play 2 to 12 players . -RRB- We played with players ranging in age from 18 to 90 years old and had a blast.Good strategy game , but luck is also a factor .
 This is one of our family 's favorite games , and I 've given it to several others as a gift as well . Even our 5 YO can play , and her strategy is definitely improving . I also like that it 's not so intense that you ca n't have a normal conversation while you play .
 Our family has been addicted to this game for years . Everytime I share it by playing it with a friend , they HAVE to have it also . The game is about strategy and I have yet to meet anyone that has played it and not loved it !
 Sequence is an easy to pick up game that is great for the whole family . If you are familiar with Connect 4 , this is similar in the requirement to make a string -LRB- 5 -RRB- of similar colored chips except you throw in the random nature of playing cards mixed in with some strategy . Get it , you 'll have a blast ... unless your friends and family do not care for card games .
 I 'm an adult , and I got this for myself because I wanted a relatively inexpensive loom to fiddle with , to see if I could actually make something useful from this `` toy '' . I figured since this was a toy , it would be easier . Well , having tinkered with the thing for about ten minutes now , my initial impression is that there is no way a 7 year old could figure out how to work this thing by themselves . The directions are perplexing to say the least . There are two booklets ; one of them is supposed to be a quick start guide and the other a book of projects . For the rainbow scarf , I found you have to refer back and forth -LRB- at least to start -RRB- to both booklets . It felt like someone showing you what a bike was , the pieces of it , and then you were expected to just get on and peddle yourself off into the sunset . Not so much.I feel like this loom COULD be easy to use , and that they PROBABLY did do all the hard work already getting it so it 's ready to go when you receive it , but the instructions and illustrations are so confusing that I 'm just not so sure anymore . I was more certain of its ease before the directions than after , and I think that says something . For example , the extra shuttle that 's in the loom , is that supposed to be there ? Do I need to take it out ? They do n't mention this in the booklets . The section on re-threading is so unintuitive that I 've decided to read it again tomorrow when I 've had some coffee and a night 's rest . I mean , this really should n't be rocket science.Overall , I 've given this thing 4 stars because I think it WILL be easy to use once I figure out how to do it -LRB- on the Internet , not through the materials they 've provided -RRB- , and because it seems to be built sturdy -LRB- sturdily ? -RRB- . I 'm sure I will get hours of enjoyment out of it and hopefully a completed , usable product ; however , all this is wishful thinking in light of the fact that for now I simply can not figure out if I 'm even using this `` toy '' correctly at all.By the way , this is the Easy Weaver A , not B . The booklets refer to both , and the box does not seem to mention the model .
 I have had a great experience with this product . It arrived prethreaded and in nice packaging . My seven year old was able to create a placemat without trouble . One piece did need come unglued , but a quick call to the company confirmed that I could try to re-glue it at home or send it back for a replacement . I opted to glue it myself because my daughter did n't want to wait . The piece has n't come unglued again and we have now owned this loom for over a year .
 I have 4 boys , my oldest is 7 -LRB- 1st grade -RRB- , 3 of them can play this game in some form . They love to shake the numbers out . My oldest plays the traditional way , in making math problems . My preschooler tries to find matching numbers and sequences , and my other preschooler tries to identify the numbers . It is such a simple game that you can make up your own way to use it and play it .
 My 6 year old often complains about his math homework , so I took a chance on this game , hoping that it would be a way for him to see that doing math can be fun too . He enjoys this game so much , he does n't even realize that he 's doing math ! Fun and educational ! Great game !
 I bought this for my 8 year old son . He is in 2nd grade and loves to play this game . His younger brothers and sisters like to join in also , even though they cant really play by the rules . comes with plenty of game sheets . Great game .
 I bought this game to add to our math lessons . My boys 8 and 11 enjoy playing the game . My only issues is the durability in the dice holder . The holder is not crucial to the game , but I do not foresee it lasting very long .
 I got this game at a great price when I bought it . I use it to math fun a few times a month with my kids during homeschool , but it easily could be just a regular game to play ... not just school time . It is very good quality and really adorable . We ca n't wait to get Head Full of Letters !!! : -RRB-
 My son loves math , so this is the perfect game for him . He loves trying to beat me and often does . I would say it is also a good way to get a child who may not like math , to start to .
 My class loves this game ! It 's a great center activity during math block . It is a great review of basic number operations and it 's fun too !
 Great thick rug and so very soft . This rug has held up well . Adorable !!!!
 i love this figure , congratulations its amazing my friends the blade figure with toz biz is very amazing , coming soon buy more figures
 This is an awsome rare figure it looks just like the real guy , not a cheap knock off like the new stuff , too bad marvel went the cheap route with the new figures and they 're smaller 4in instead of 5 or 6in and they cost more , definitly not worth it so hang on to the old figures they 're already worth quiet a bit plus they are cooler than the new stuff
 Bryson loves this . My son said he is carrying it everywhere he goes . One of his favorite things to take to preschool .
 I did n't care about the kit , i only wanted the lunch box , and it was great , i use it everday when i go to school , there is enough room for everything i need !
 This Mystery Machine lunch box is absolutely adorable . My daughter said several kids even complimented her the first day she brought it to school . She 's in 8th grade & some of the kids that liked it most were in high school . It is cool because it 's shaped differently than traditional lunch boxes with just artwork on them . I would have appreciated it including a water bottle or something for this price though . The only reason I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is small . It 's a good thing my child does n't eat a big lunch or it would n't hold everything . Seller was great . Shipped quickly & packing was perfect . Thanks !
 What a fun way to carry your lunch ! The lunchbox holds quite a bit . And the mystery machine is classic !
 My son is a huge fan of Scooby Doo ; he has Down Syndrome and one day he brought another kids home -LRB- without asking him -RRB- - so we sent it back and for his birthday he got this one ! it was great !!!
 I bought this for an adorable little boy who loves Scooby-Doo . And he loves this lunchpale even more ! Any little kid would love to eat their lunch from this cool mystery machine .
 My 4 yo started preschool this year and I let him pick out his own lunchbox . Of course he picked out the most expensive one at Toys R Us -LRB- $ 14.99 -RRB- . I do n't know what the red thing is in the picture because ours did n't come with that and I checked out several of them in the store to make sure that we got everything that came with the lunchbox . Ours just had the bottle and some coupons in it.It is a really cute lunch box and has held up well so far . I 'm glad I let my son pick it out himself because I never would have chosen this one . I would have thought he would like Spiderman better , but he was adament that he had to have this one .
 Bought for my nephews just entering school and they were crazy about them . They are twin boys . However , Scooby Doo is one of their favorite cartoons . So , yes they loved them and the parents thought they were great , too . Price was very comparable to store prices . I was also pleased with the product , price and shipping quality .
 This lunch kit is very nice . It is extremely sturdy . I like the insulated material as it is easy to clean . The one thing you may want to know it is large and it zips on the end . The delivery process was very quick and there were not any problems .
 My 6 year old is rough on his things and this Scooby-Doo lunch bag has withheld his tough love for the school year . It 's now nearing the end of the year and the zipper on the back flap is getting more and more difficult to open but it has been easy to clean when food or drinks explode inside . It 's labeled `` Lunch Kit '' but there is no `` kit '' , it 's just the thermos style bag . I would recommend this for those seeking an reusable lunch bag/box for the roughest of kids .
 I bought this for my daughter for christmas , I know she will love it . Perhaps the price is a bit much for the product though .
 our son loves Scooby Doo and was so excited to get this . . and has taken pretty good care of it . It has a couple tears on the inside that happened about the middle of the second year of use . . we taped it -LRB- with clear packaging tape -RRB- and it still has many more uses in it !
 My 5 year old is ready for kindergarten with his new Mystery Machine lunch kit . Our kit does include the sandwich container which is designed apparently for Smucker 's Uncrustable 's . I like the coin container on the front of the van - perfect for milk money , although there is a water bottle included . The water bottle wo n't roll around as there is a velcro strap to keep it in place . The lunch box opens at the roof with 2 zippers across the top and an additional velcro fasten to secure it . While this lunch kit was a bit pricier than others , I found it to be unique and it certainly put a big smile on my Scooby fan 's face !
 The order came so fast . We love the lunchbox . It is easy to clean . The only thing I wish was that it had a thermos or sandwich holder or something .
 This lunch box has been a standard for my daughter , who is now 11 yrs old . We first got her one like this when she was 31/2 to go to preschool , and she loved it . We had to buy her a new one because the first one just plain wore out . As well as she took care of the first one , after 7 + yrs of wear and tear , it just had to go . So , we searched and found this one here , and it 's perfect . No thermos came with it , as was advertised , but we really did n't care about it , as she would never have used it anyway . If you are looking for the thermos , too , I suggest you verify that one will accompany the lunch box before you order it . Love this lunch box , and love Scooby Doo !
 Very functional and well insulated , however the picture shows an additional container that did not arrive with this lunchbox . Also I miss the days of a real thermos in the lunchbox . This one comes with a cheap squeeze bottle , but I suspect that is standard nowadays . All in all , you will like it for its Mystery Machine design and not for the accessories . My three year old daughter proudly wags it to pre-school .
 My 31/2 year old loved this lunch box . He calls it his prize and keeps his treasures in it and uses the sport bottle for water on his nightstand . Well worth it as happy as it makes him .
 My daugher loved this lunch box when she saw it ! Now that we have it , she loves it even more . Ours did not come with the Smuckers crustless sandwich keeper even though it was pictured . However , that 's okay , because we do n't buy or eat those ! It did come with the water bottle that velcroes in place . Also the front `` spare tire '' of the van is zippered for milk money if needed . All in all , this is a great item and I would definitely buy it again -LRB- especially if this one ever wears out -RRB- .
 This lunch box has been a big hit for my new kindergartener . She loves carrying it to school and is the envy of all her classmates ! The velcro strap inside is great for holding juice boxes and keeping them from crushing everything else .
 I purchased this for my son -LRB- 4.5 -RRB- . He has just recently become a HUGE Scooby fan . He LOVES it . While I find the dual zipper a bit awkward and the water squeeze bottle rather lame , he loves it just the same . His also did not come with the little sandwich container which was a little disappointing , but he did n't know any better so it 's OK . So far he 's used it all summer at camp . It stays fairly clean . As with any plastic you have to leave it open at night and wash with a disinfecting solution to keep mold and smells away since it keeps the cold moisture in frm his freeze pack . Overall he AND his classmates Love it !
 Just got this lunch box in the mail this week . My daughter/Kindergartener absolutely loves it . Ours did come with the red uncrustibles container , but my daughter does n't eat them so maybe we 'll use it for some other type of snack . Overall , we are very pleased .
 At first I received the Lunch bag and thought nothing more of it . I packed the back of the van with a tasty and nutritious lunch for my son for his first day of Kindergarten and sent him off . When he got home he had a note from his teacher , explaining that his lunch bag was empty and that I had to send money to cover his lunch expenses at school . I asked him what happened and he said `` Shaggy and Scooby ate my lunch . '' Well , as you can imagine , I was skeptical at first , but day after day , he would be forced to buy lunch and his home made lunch was disappearing . My son and I finally had a mystery to solve ! We decided to lay an old school Fred style trap . We packed the bag on Saturday morning and laid in wait . Can you imagine my surprise when the craziest thing happened . Scooby and Shaggy headed into the back of the van and ate in their iconic style . Then returned to their seats . From that day on , I have had to put a lunch Monster inside the van to keep Scoob and Shaggy away . though I fear it is only a matter of time before they solve that mystery and get at my son 's lunch again .
 This lunchbox is adorable and definitely worth the price as it is really big and can hold A LOT . I love it ... : -RRB-
 They advertise it as a lunch kit but it 's just a lunch box with nothing in it , it 's not worth the 30 bucks in my opinion , it 's plastic but my grandson is into scooby doo , so there you have it !
 I love Scooby Doo , so when I noticed that several of my students had this lunchbox I knew that I had to get one of my own . Not only is this lunchbox durable , but it 's also spacious and has a cute little flap that allows you to set your food on so that it wo n't have to be directly on the table . I love this bag , and my students think it 's pretty cool that their guidance counselor has a lunch bag just like theirs .
 My 3 Year old LOVES scooby doo!He starts preschool soon and needs a lunch box . We were so excited to find this online . Once it came I am having a hard time keeping him from carrying it around with it all day ! Has the water bottle with a Velcro strap to hold it still .
 This product is very fun , it has a bottle and the material is very good.The desing is really good , it really seems to the original mystery machine.My son take it wherever he goes !!!
 My son loves this lunch box and is going to use it for kindergarten . He is excited about it and loves Scooby Doo . It seems to be well made and it is a nice washable material . I wish it had a container in it but it 's fine ...
 scooby doo lunch bag - my little boy loved this , good size to fit in all of his lunch , drink and desert with room for more !
 My 4 year old loves Scooby Doo , so when I saw this on the WB shop site , I had to get it . It stands 71/2 '' tall , 10 '' wide and 41/2 '' deep . It 's very well insulated and is super cute . He is a hit at the breakfast table at preschool ! If this one got lost I would immediately go out and purchase another . Great Buy !
 Hi . I really like this lunch box . But it does n't give the size , like inches , width , ect . It just gives the box size , not the exact lunchbox size . Can someone tell me please that has one ? I need to know how much stuff I can actually get in it for school . Thank you !
 I teach 4th grade and my students use this model in our science station . One child can hold the labeled section and let their partner practice naming the correct parts of the plant cell . Plant cells are heavily tested on our state achievement test each year . If you 're teaching plant cells , buy this ! Get the animal cell model , too . It 's great to have them both at students ' fingertips so they can compare and contrast the structures .
 Great basic cell model . Suitable for all levels in discussing the basics of eukaryotic and or plant cells . Extremely durable .
 Decent price , arrived quickly . It 's a very cool set . The figures actually look like the actors , and they come with a cool stage to be posed on , and if you removed the inner lining from the box , you get a neat space background too . Must have for any Trekker geek . My only complaint was that Cmdr Sisko 's elbow joints did not bend and I couldnt pose him with a phaser rifle , which I gave to Riker instead lol . Not a big deal , so Sisko just stands there , pointing , instead of holding the rifle .
 I ordered this to go with a water table for my baby . The first one I got was missing the base , so I had to return it . They sent me a replacement and refunded my money . Ca n't beat that.At 10 months my baby is n't too into playing with this yet . We put it in the bath tub and I pour water into it . He likes to watch and listen to the wheel spin around and he tries to pour water in the top . He also likes to try to put different objects in the top.It 's a really cute , sturdy toy and a good value . I think it teaches him about physics -LRB- gravity , volume , motion , force -RRB- and I can see him playing with it in the bath and at his sand and water table for several years to come . I 'll probably also use take it with us to the beach and use it on rainy days with rice or lentils when he is older . I might also order another one because it seems they are made to stack.As a side note , it 's a good companion to the Green Toys tugboat , which I use to pour water into the top . The two toys together would make a nice gift for a toddler .
 We have two of these , and my son discovered they stack ! Twice the fun ! This is a very nice basic water wheel . He likes using it in the tub or when not bathing he plays with it in the sink . I am sure when the weather is nice it will go in the sand box . The funnel part at the top does not have a `` stopper '' like some other water wheels have , but the bottom has a `` sifter/strainer '' , that I am sure might have some fun applications in the sandbox . When stacked together they form a nice tower as the bottom of one fits right into the top of the next one , and water flows freely from one to the next .
 This is a well built toy that is a good choice for children 11/2 to 3 years old . It can be used with sand , water , or other materials -LRB- I even used rice -RRB- . Children enjoy watching the wheel spin as they pour materials into the funnel . It is a good toy for the money invested .
 Kids love it ! I was not able to find this product in stores as it was off season in October here in Michigan . Thanks for making it available online .
 This is a great new addition to our sand toy collection ! Pour the sand in , and the wheel spins fast , it is a fun sand toy ! Plus you can use water and make the wheel spin fast too , or it can be used in kiddie pool or bath with water . If you get clumps of sand stuck in the wheel , it wo n't spin right.Just a tip : It is a durable plastic , but with ANY plastic sand toy , I would suggest always keeping them out of the sun once the kids are done playing with them . . After time the sun will end up breaking and cracking the plastic -LRB- I learned the hard way with OTHER sand toys -RRB- The size of this sand wheel is bigger than I expected it to be , since I almost bought the double wheel version of this . I 'd say this single wheel gets the job done ! It is Approx . 93/4 &#34; tall
 This is just a basicm , fun toy . The kids love putting water through it in the tub , and I am sure will outside as well .
 Not much to say about this product . It is what it is and it does what it says it does . It 's well made , works well and is a lot of fun for tiny hands and developing brains . My daughter plays with this every time she gets in the sand box . You can learn about funnels , motion , gravity and wheels with this simple gadget . Best of all , no annoying songs or batteries !
 Ordered these of the grandsons for next years RV Season . They are playing with them in the tub now and will be taking them on the RV Trips . My daughter says they work well with sand , my grandsons tried to use dirt and they did not work .
 I bought this toy to go with the sand/water table . It was a big hit right away . My granddaughter and grandson love it , and it keeps them busy for hours .
 The sand water wheel is here and it is just like it is shown . Excited for my grandchildren to be able to use it at the beach next week . Color was just like shown and it is made well for a plastic toy . I think it will withstand the abuse my 4year old and 5 year old grand daughters will put it through .
 Both my children , ages 7 years and 19 months , love this toy . They play with it in the sand box and in the tub . The hole is too small to use with wet sand .
 Another amazing product by Learning Resources ! As a mother of two , an in-home child care provider , and a preschool teacher , I have found this to be an incredible tool . The youngest children love the colors and feel of the mat , toddlers love jumping around to find numbers/colors , and preschoolers enjoy countless math-based games and activities . I also own the Alphabet Marks the Spot game with the inflatable dice -LRB- which is also fabulous -RRB- , but find the foam dice in this version to be much more durable .
 The Math Marks the Spot game is not a little floor game . This is a big game that you play and lay out on the floor . The fact that the game is so large makes it even more fun . It makes it more interactive and I can see that if it was played in the classroom the kids would really get into this . I also love the different games that can be played . There is not one set way to play this game . I can cater it towards what my child needs . This can even be used for younger children just for number recognition . It can be used for older children to have them identify Greater Than or Less Than . The instructions come with about 6 games that you can play with the board . It can even be used for help with counting . This educational game is appropriate for children that are in Kindergarten through grade 2 . I just happen to have one child in kindergarten and one in second grade . This game is just perfect for us . My kids love that they get to roll the giant dice . This is really fun for them . They then have to walk over to the correct answer and put the marker on it . -LRB- sample provided for free for a blog review -RRB-
 This mat is fun and quite versatile . We have played math twister , flash cards , guess the number , and several other games with it and the kids love it . It seems to be holding up well however the plastic is very stiff and difficult to fold . I have actually given up on folding and just hang it over a bar in the closet .
 My five year old daughter was allowed to choose one summer toy to celebrate the school year 's end . After a week of looking and thinking about her options , she chose this . Considering she already has logged in hours of use with the Pretend and Play School Kit , I was n't too surprised . When it arrived she proudly set up shop , and with a few willing `` customers '' from time to time , she 's managing to get as much use out of this toy too . The quality of the product is great - very sturdy . It folds up nicely too for on the go entertainment.I 've seen it in other stores for much more . At this price we could n't pass it up!We recommend this product for hours of imaginative play .
 The Learning Resources Pretend & Play Snack Shop is a unique toy that was well conceived and designed . Younger children -LRB- under 10 years -RRB- have the opportunity to set up the table top store with miniature snacks -LRB- muffins , ice cream and more -RRB- and then ` sell ' it using play money . My grandchildren played with this for hours and then asked grandpa to get a large refrigerator box so that they could ` expand ' their store . The Snack Shop comes folded up and is put together with very little effort - then can be stored in the original small flat box . Children reinforce their manners , sorting skills , money handling skills , making good choices skills and much more - plus it is fun and different every time you are the customer or the store owner . I recommend this compact toy because it can go anywhere and engages the children in beneficial pretend play .
 My three year old daughter received this for Christmas . She loves to set up then sell us snacks . Some of the food -LRB- like the donut -RRB- are realistic enough that I tried to eat them and was sorely disappointed as soon as I touched it . She also loves the play money , probably more than the set itself . It is portable which means that it is made of paperboard covered in vinyl . If it were sturdier , I would have rated it five stars . I am not sure how long it would last in rough play . I would still recommend it .
 I bought this for my sister on her 4th birthday . She likes to collect things around the house and `` sell '' them to us . So I thought was was just the perfect gift . And it was . The fist thing I liked about it was the price , to see that it was originally $ 40 , and that I only paid $ 25 was awesome . I understand how it could be educational , because of the fake money . I tried to explain to my sister about how much stuff cost and how much the money was worth , but it 's hard for a 4 year old to completely understand that . Especially when she is n't listening , because she just wants to get on with the game . For her at least , the educational part is n't working . Maybe she will understand it in the future , but for now she will just give as much and as little money she wants to when she `` pays '' for food.Another thing I like is the setup , it 's really fun . With a place for storage , money , each type of food , a menu , a sign for their specials , and little cards to show how much the food costs . -LRB- Not like it matters for her -RRB- . It even has a clock that goes next to the closed sign to show what time the will be back to work or . . play . Also , I like that it all folds up into a carrying case when your done and all the food goes into one pocket . It makes it very easy for clean up . The only thing that I think is inconvenient is that it falls down ... a lot . It gets kind of frustrating haveing to put it all back up again , but it is n't very difficult to put back up , so I guess that 's a plus . If was a little more stable this would get 5 stars , but it falling down is really annoying.Anyways , this gift is , for the most part , perfect . My sister loves it and it 's tons of fun . I really do reccomend it .
 I bought this for a 5 year old I babysit for for her birthday in December . She and her 31/2 year old sister are having so much fun pretending to be waitresses and vendors at their snack shop . They also use their own shopping cart , purses and cash register and are learning about money values -LRB- and credit cards -RRB- that come with the set . This is a great learning tool , as well as a great imaginative toy . I love the fact that its parts store and it folds for easy and organized clean up . At about $ 28.00 at Amazon , it was well worth the money .
 We were n't that sure when we bought the toy , but it was AMAZING . I really like the quality of the product esp the actual board . It ' not flimsy.The crayons did n't really quite work for the wipe boards , but we used dry erase markers to do the same job.You get to learn Math skills , enterpreneurial skills , social skills ... My son learn to be a great businessman -LRB- throwing in freebies , striking a conversation with the customer etc -RRB- It was fun.The money value quite confusing for the 5-yr-old and 3-yr-old so we used `` number of coins '' instead . Still it was fun . They esp like the clock .
 My kids are 3.5 and 6 and my Mom got the Snack Shop for my son 's 6th birthday . We already have the school and the animal hospital and love them b/c they fold flat and have storage for all of the `` stuff '' that goes with them . They easily fit on a book shelf or even under a couch :-RRB- These are great for pretend play.Even though it says 3 and up my 6 year old loves playing with this and so did some of the neighborhood kids -LRB- all around the same age -RRB- . I like these sets for rainy days but they even like to bring them outside and play store when it 's nice out and they 've gotten tired of whatever else they were doing outside . My very very active sports fanatic 6 year old nephew had fun playing with this too and even asked if my son could set it up next time he came over . I thought that was probably the best endorsement for it since it 's a toy I would n't consider buying for him based on his interests.The only downside we found is that it 's difficult to write on the cards with crayons -LRB- and wipe them clean -RRB- . Dry erase might be better but I have n't set my kids free with dry erase markers yet .
 Five year old has played with this many times and really enjoys this set . I enjoy that it all folds up and does n't take up much space . Great gift .
 My almost-5-year-old son begged for this toy , so I got it for our two children -LRB- our daughter just turned 2 -RRB- . They absolutely love it and ca n't get enough of playing snack shop ! I love the fact that the set is portable , so that it folds up nicely and neatly and does n't take up much space . I was slightly disappointed that one of the cupcakes was misshapen upon receipt , but everything else is great . We might try using a dry-erase marker for the wipe board instead of a crayon , because the crayon is difficult to wipe off . I 'm looking forward to capitalizing upon my son 's enjoyment of this product and working in some math lessons through the money exchanges that are involved .
 The details on this toy are great - from the price tags to the `` menu '' and crayons to the little fruits and baked snacks and divided shelves for the food . For the price , I was expecting far less . The `` stand '' does n't always stand that well , but overall the toy is pretty sturdy and I love how it folds up for storage and everything fits inside the pockets . I feel there are multiple ways to teach and play with your child - about numbers and money with the coins and dollars , reading with the signs , role-playing - how an employee would act vs. the shopper -LRB- we even incorporate my 19 month old who loves to pretent to eat and cook - so she picks out what she wants from the store -RRB- , healthy vs. not so healthy food choices , time with the clock for store hours . It 's very open ended . My daughter is almost 5 and I can see her playing in different ways with this over the next few years . I bought it with the Learning Resources cash register , which I felt made for a more complete `` store '' .
 My daughter adores this toy , she can not get enough of it . One of us plays the shop keeper and the other plays customer . I love that it 's teaching her money values , and time -LRB- we set different times for the store to open -RRB- and she just has a ball playing with it . The pouches store everything perfectly and I love that it folds up and down so easily for play and put away . Great toy !
 My 7 year old son saw this snack shop in a catalogue and was certain it was the only thing he wanted for christmas . I figured it would be one of those things he played with a few times and that would be it , and I thought he was too old . Well , it turns out that this has been a huge hit with him , all his buddies , and my 3 yr old too ! They set up shop and have a blast pretending to buy and sell and cook . We love the storage pockets for all the pieces , and have packed it up and taken it with us when visiting family . It was worth the money , and is a great toy that does not talk or make noise , and inspires alot of creative play time!Learning Resources Pretend & Play Snack Shop
 I purchased this Snack Shop for my 3-year old daughter for her birthday because she and my 4-year old daughter love to play `` what can I get you '' games . They ask us what we want to eat & they pretend to give us what we asked for - sometimes in the form of rocks or sand . This way , we 're playing w / actual pieces of pretend food and are using a faux store front - it 's adorable ! It comes with pretend money and cards that say how much something is as well as shows what coins/bills make up that amount on the other side . Very educational .
 My son is very happy with this gift . The variety of food it comes with is great and it also gives them enough money to play with . My one dislike was it is hard for him to write out his sign on the waxy paper they provide . It says to write with crayon , but it is a little hard to read . Otherwise a great buy !
 I was eagerly awaiting his kit after I had ordered it considering Wing Gundam is one of my favortes right behind Infinite Justice and Strike Freedom.Puttng the model together itself took about two hours , but only because I did n't really focus too much on it . Someone really dedicated could probably put this together in about less thanan hour . there were n't too many pieces . The pieces were not too difficult to work with and not too much detailing is required because the colors are there for the most part . The exceptions to this being the `` wings '' , the head , and the feet . The sword is also unpainted , but I just took a green sharpie to it and it turned out nice . Other than that it looks great.The only thing I had a real problem with was the mobility of the model . It is posible to pose , but the feet make it nearly impossible to do so without the model going off balance . It can still make some nice poses , but when compared to other kits , it leaves much to be desired.Overall , I was n't extremely dissapointed considering this was my first non-HG kit . So I did expect it to not be as great quality . The only real problems are the posing abilities and some of the missing detail . It comes with the shield , a rifle , and the aforementioned sword . I highly suggest getting this kit as it is a great addition to any collection and it is also a good one for anyone just geting into Gundam Model kits . It 's good , but not overly fantastic . I was satisfied .
 I have only built a handful of these Gundam model kits but I think this was the most fun of any of them . The other kit I HQ e built were all high grades , this one is what 's called a no grade its cheaper and not as detailed out of the box . If you just slap it together it only takes something like an hour and a half , but looks horrible , if your like me and enjoy a challenge and are n't afraid of some paint you can make this kit look very good , I 've got about 8 hours into mine and other than a few piece that should move and do n't , you ca n't tell it apart from the high grade kits next to it on my display , the beam saber is solid which is always disappointing but it will transform into bird mode . If you like Gundam , especially Gundam Wing and are n't afraid to do a little work you will be pleased .
 The item arrived right on time is a good kit for not being a high grade kit It 's a must have for any gundam wing fan .
 Well my 14 year old loves action figures and that was his choice.He absolutely love it.I would love to get more of this .
 I lived in Japan and had bought a lot of these models and have always missed them . They are hard to find at decent price so when I found this one I was happy because it was very affordable and provided me with a great gift for my friend 's kid .
 The item arrived early and with no damage to the box . My son is now starting to collect them .
 Haha I bought this for two of my friends to use as they `` worked '' as my wedding coordinators at a ski lodge . They worked great and were a interesting topic of conversation at the wedding .
 This was a gift for my 8 year old son who loves baseball and whose favorite family game is Monopoly . This gift was a hit and continues to be fun for us all !
 I got this toy for my classroom -LRB- I teach Pre-K -RRB- , and my kids really enjoy using it with me . They love that it `` shoots out '' chips from the frogs mouth . The only downside is that the chips tend to stick in the mouth and cause a back-up . I 'm still glad I got it though .
 When buying a Chess set one has to ask two questions
 Good Visibility
 This set is fantastic . I bought the camel/black set and I love it . The weighting is good , the design is classic Staunton , and the pieces feel fantastic . The pieces are not glossy but more of a satin finish . They 're obviously plastic , but not cheap at all . It has changed my thinking about plastic sets .
 The first reviewer really said it all . This is a very nice , rugged , heavy plastic Chess set . Perhaps its weight is a double edged feature . But I like the heft of the chessmen . The first reviewer is wrong about the square size of the included roll-up vinyl board ... it is 2.25 inches per square . Just right for this set . This set is well worth the money -- the wood version of the same pieces cost hundreds of dollars .
 This is a great set for playing as opposed to using those low end plastic sets you see through out the tournament scene . The set has good weight and a nice color contrast . While most tournament players use a roll up board the double folding 2 & 3/8 '' square board that comes with this set is quite nifty . The piece felting could have been thicker but other than that it is a great set.Frank
 My three-year-old grandson has a starter Thomas wooden train set . I wanted to stretch his imagination with more than a small circle or oval , so I bought this six pack of curved track . Grooved on both surfaces , this track curves left or right , depending on which surface is up . My tracks did not have a detachable plastic peg ; they have a wooden peg that is cut from the same piece of wood as the track . My grandson has no difficulty connecting these track pieces .
 This track is fantastic . My son loves it and it is made of good construction . I am getting ready to buy him some more . I am so glad that I have found this train track .
 My son received this as a gift for his 5th birthday . He opened it right away , and as I saw him sitting in front of all the pieces , I thought , `` oh no , more pieces to get lost '' . But then he showed me what he was doing . He created many different creations with this toy . He played with this over and over and over again . It was very easy for him to put the pieces together by himself . We have some other power ranger toys , that are hard for me to put together , so this was a relief . I 'd now like to get him the other rangers in this line , to see what he can create with more pieces . This was a great gift for a 5 year old Power Ranger Fan .
 I got this toy for my 2-year-old nephew 's birthday . He loved it ! So far he just enjoys opening the door , putting in one block , and pushing on the button so it pops up , but I think he 'll quickly figure out how to make the neck grow . Nice to be able to give a toy that helps a child develop reasoning skills . The toy seems well made , and the sound feature worked well .
 We got this for my almost 3 year old for Christmas this year and it is his favorite toy . He has n't stopped playing it since opening . The only thing that does n't work well is the sound . YOu have to press the button very hard to make the sound , and a 3 year old is n't able to push it hard enough .
 These are excellent quality and realistic . My toddler has fun playing with them and her shopping cart .
 Great quality . Durable and realistic . More realistic then any I have seen on the market . Glad we picked the `` healthy '' products . This company does a good job promoting healthy food options in play . I was kind of disappointed I picked healthy but now I am glad . The sets have a nice balance of choices . We can put a very nice layout of snacks at snack time ! Thoughtfully put-together play food .
 I bought this set to go with a mega bloks kitchen that I bought for my 3-year-old granddaughter . I like that it all healthy foods with which she is familiar -LRB- not a bunch of cupcakes or cookies like so many of these sets . -RRB- Each piece is very realistic looking and sturdy . She 's played with it by the hour and it all still looks new . I thought it was a bit expensive at the time I bought it , but I now believe it was worth every penny . By the way , the bread board is NOT included . The food comes in it 's own sturdy zipper carrying case with a handle .
 The stickers on the yogurt are already peeling off with light use . The carrots are a funky rubbery texture , like they 've been boiled . Everything else is hard plastic -LRB- strawberries , grapes , pretzles , yogurt , milk -RRB- or solid rubber -LRB- celery , apples , cheese , crackers -RRB- but the carrots are hollow , soft rubber . My daughter gave them to the dog -LRB- ! -RRB- . I wish the grapes were n't the standard huge cluster , too .
 This was purchased for my little girl to use in her new play kitchen . Both were Christmas gifts and she loves it . She pretends to eat and drink the items and feeds them to her Mommy and Daddy . We like them because they 're healthy and made of a sturdy -LRB- rubber type -RRB- plastic . The milk and yogurt cartons are NOT made from cardboard . All the pieces will survive a lengthy time of use .
 My 18 month old granddauther played with this all Christmas eve . The size is great for this age group -LRB- must watch them carefully always , of course , because the carrots and cheese slices are a little small -RRB- . She knew not to put it into her mouth and put them in cups , pots , plates , etc. -LRB- the toy set which I also bought her -RRB- . She played for hours . Again , some of the fruit pieces are small and you do have to watch them as small kids ca n't be trusted . We played for hours !
 Fabulous little snack set ... food is sturdy , very realistic looking and true to size . Great value for the price and came quickly !
 We bought this for my two year old granddaughter . I did some reading up on play food and wanted it to last , be durable and safe . The healthy food play set is all of these things and the best part is she will hand you carrots or strawberries to eat which is reinforcing healthy food choices at a very young age .
 This set is very realistic looking and I am super pleased with it . It is extremely durable and the foods have a pleasant-to-the-touch texture . The material used to make it is not a cheap plastic at all - this is a high quality set . The variety is really nice . There are 18 pieces , which I did not realize - I thought it was a smaller set . It comes in a nice plastic pouch for storage that snaps closed.I wish I would have purchased some of the other `` healthy food '' sets from Learning Resources at the same time , but did n't know how much I 'd like them . Will definitely purchase more in the future .
 I was sick of finding cheap play food in my local toy store so I took a chance an ordered this set when it was on sale . I 'm so happy I did ! The quality of this set in unmatched by anything I 've found . I have since bought 3 other play food sets from Learning Resources . My child has a bad habit of putting things in her mouth and she has n't chewed these up like she did a cheaper hard plastic set I had bought from Walmart . The only thing I would change about this product if the yogurt container because the labeling is stickers . I would much rather have preferred the images to be printed directly on to the product , like the milk carton because my child has pealed some of the stickers off of the container but the plastic itself remains intact . I would recommend this set to anyone who wants a quality product that will last for years .
 These are fantastic ! They are so realistic looking and cute ! My granddaughters love them ! Worth every penny ! I bought them for the girls for their kitchen set & `` grocery store '' . They are good size & well made . I do n't have to worry that they 'll fall apart or get crushed or anything like that . Very nice set !
 Great toy , very durable and made out of high quality materials . Fun , colorful and providing long hours of play . I would definitely recommend it to people with young kids .
 Oh my goodness , they look so real ! My munchkin likes playing with them and they are a great learning tool . Just beware if you have a chewer ...
 I bought this pretend food to go with a play kitchen we bought our daughter for Christmas.She puts the carrots and celery sticks in her pot and pretends to cook soup!I like how realistic looking the food is and that it is mostly healthy snacks so that it encourages good eating habits.I think she 'll be able to use this toy for quite a while .
 This food is wonderful . I have looked everywhere for durable , realistic food for my girls to play with and this brand is THE BEST ! I would recommend it to a friend . The value is there . The kids love it and if something gets chewed on it 's still like new . I plan on buying more so we have it all . The apple slices are my favorite !
 These are really great and realistic for the kiddos . My daughter who is 3 loves them for her play kitchen and my son who is six gets a little enjoyment out of them too . I made the mistake of buying all three sets before christmas -LRB- about $ 58.00 -RRB- . I went into COSTCO and there was the exact same brand , all 3 sets , minus about 5 pieces of food per basket for $ 20.00 . All three sets -LRB- breakfast lunch and dinner ! -RRB- for $ 20.00 . Amazon was really great about the return - it was easy . We have plenty of food still - she does n't miss the extra pieces obviously but for play food - do not pay over maybe $ 30.00 . Great brand though - just look around for a better price before you buy these !
 These `` food toys '' are great for a small child 's shopping cart and play kitchen . They are also a good tool to teach little ones about different foods .
 Bought many things for my granddaughter , who just turned two . My daughter-in-law said she loves this and plays with it everyday .
 This was a good addition to the other pretend food set I bought on Amazon . Since this one has all vegetarian healthy food , I did n't need to think twice before buying ! It is of good quality and a realistic look . The set does not come with the board shown here .
 We purchased the item hoping that it would be of reasonable size , meaning the food would be closer to `` real '' size rather than miniature . It was . We also hoped it would be made well and stand up to hopefully more than one generation of use . That remains to be seen , but the stuff is made well and I can not see it breaking unless you deep-freeze the plastic pieces and hit them with a hammer . Nice texture , nice flexibility , pretty realistic looks . The child it was intended for -LRB- age 4 and a bit -RRB- plays happily with it , even the older boys -LRB- 10 and 13 -RRB- have had a few moments of goofy fun with it .
 The Learning Resources Pretend and Play Healthy Food Snacks Set is just great . Everything looks so realistic that I have literally had to take them out of my boys ' mouths during play ! They just ca n't help themselves from wanting to take a bite . We also got the breakfast food set and the sandwich set - we LOVE this food !
 This product is fantastic . It is a great way to teach your children about heathy eating by getting them excited to play with it . It looks VERY realistic and is very well made .
 Most of the play food was very durable . I ordered 5 sets for classroom use . In all 5 sets , the yogurt containers arrived damaged .
 Love this set ... bought it for our 21 mo. old son for Christmas to go with his new kitchen from `` Santa '' ... . he loves the set and has played with it for a long time . The piece are very durable ... he has had them in his mouth several times and they are holding up ! Also , not a choking hazard for him , but maybe if you have a infant in your home . The carrots are smaller . I also like that it teaches good snack options . He will play with his kitchen and then wants to eat the real thing
 We have been buying different play food , and were in need of some healthy snacks like carrots and celery . I also liked the idea of the milk container and yogurt . Everything is made well except the yogurt container , a little flimsy , and they only give you one piece of cheese . -LRB- but more then one cracker -RRB- . Anyway , it 's a cute set , but I would recommend getting a bigger set with more food groups and then adding this as an extra .
 My son is technically too young for this toy -LRB- 18 mos . -RRB- , but only the carrots and celery were choking hazards and he LOVES the other items . -LRB- We put the veggies away for when he 's older . -RRB- The strawberries , grapes , crackers , pretzels , and yogurt are all big hits . The yogurt container was somewhat crushed in the shipping process , but we chose not to return it because our son was so excited to play with it . The best part is that he pretends to eat his play food when we are having a snack , and does n't beg as much for our food .
 Got these for Christmas . Very realistic . Only 1 complaint and that is the size of some pieces but I guess they had to be small to be realistic . Overall a great product and my kids love it , but be careful if you have little ones that still put things in their mouths .
 Healthy foods that look realistic , not cheaply made . Very happy with it and so is my 2 yo son . I did take away the celery and carrots for now until he 's older because they 're just small and skinny enough they could be swallowed unintentionally while playing with them and present a choking hazard . It would have been nice to have larger size carrots and celery in the set .
 The stuffed animal is not the only object of play , but a representation of the pet you create on the webkinz website . Using the code that comes with whichever webkinz animal you buy , you sign on to the webkinz world of virtual pets where you play games to earn $ to buy your pet amenities such as food , furniture and clothes.We were introduced to Webkinz by a second grade teacher who uses it to help her students learn to use computers . Both my kids , 11 and 9 love to play and interact with each other on this website !
 My 5 daughter loves this Webkinz . This was her first Webkinz product and it has held up nicely . She has been sleeping with it for months . She has been using the Web site and is able to do it independently -LRB- of course , I check what she is doing regularly , and there has never been anything inappropriate on the site -RRB-
 This toy is great and I love webkinz . When you adopt a webkinz you can go to ww -LSB- ... -RSB- and enter the code to access webkinz world . Webkinz world is so much fun . You start off with 2,000 kinzcash . You get to play games and earn kinzcash and you spend it on your pet . Everything you need is at the W Shop . You can buy food , clothes , furniture , and more ! The arcade games are so much fun . My favorite is candy bash . Also you can go the tournament arena to vs other webkinz players . Also you can answer trivia at quizzy 's question corner . Also , there is the curio shop where you search for gems . You can also shop there , and rare items are available there . The funnest part I think is decorating your house . You can also chat with friends using kinzchat so no personal information is given . Then , webkinz has a newspaper which you can read . Also , if your pet gets sick or it needs a checkup you can go to the clinic . There is so much that you can do I ca n't list it all!The only problem with the webkinz is recently prices have been going WAY up and they are too much money ! I bought my pink poodle for 10 dollars in March but now the same one is 30 bucks ! It 's very unreasonable . So I ca n't get another one because they cost too much.Overall , if you can get a better deal on a webkinz that would be great . I bet you or your kid would love it !
 Teaches kids to use computer , spell , add , play games and the value of money . I thought computer prices were high but these toys are impossible to find in local stores
 My daughter loves her webkin , it has brought the whole family hours of entertainment . It is a cuddly stuffed animal , but the online part of the webkin is the most fun . A great buy for kids who like to play on the computer , and who like animals .
 This is one of the coolest webkinz they have out there ! She is very soft and cuddly . My sister got this one about three months ago and it is not falling apart or anything . after we put it online -LRB- with no problems -RRB- we had a blast ! as for educational value I would give this toy 5 stars , for example ; the quickest way to earn kinzcash -LRB- which you can spend on your pet -RRB- is the educational quiz section where you can answer health , math , language , and other school related questions . you can do all sorts of rooms for your pet and have your friends come over and see them ! they also have a kinzchat system where you use drop down menues to creat senteces , and no personal info can be sent ! we have a fast internet browser on our computer which helps alot when logging in to webkinz , but occasionaly we have to log out on saturdays 'cause there are too many people trying to login and it freezes up . it works good on week day mornings though . I reccomend this webkinz for all animal lovers !
 Webkinz is super safe , educational , and really fun ! It teaches you so many things like taking care of pets and earning money by play games and doing jobs ! I Love Webkinz !
 We purchased a Pink Poodle Webkinz from Amazon.com ... . everything went very smoothly and our Webkinz arrived very fast . We were very happy with the service and the product .
 Do n't hesitate ... Buy one or two . But just watch out , Webkinz World can be addictive -- just ask my husband ; -RRB-
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She LOVES the poodle and LOVES `` Taking care '' of her on the website . Tons of educational testing and interaction .
 Not only huggably soft and lovable , but comes with a code to enter the wonderful online world of Webkinz and create a pet ; play fun and educational games to earn points to feed and stylishly clothe and accessorize your beloved pet , as well as furnish its cozy , ultramodern home . Too many and diverse games to grow bored anytime soon !
 I bought this for Christmas for my grandaughter because she asked for it . I assume she will be happy with it .
 My granddaughter has loved the little pink poodle for a long time . She would visit it in the store . I am so glad Santa has been able to bring it to her !!
 Great value for a toy that encourages imaginative play & teaches a child computer skills and how to take responsibility in a virtual reality world to start with .
 the nice thing about a webkinz is that it is n't just a toy . You can play online with it
 This product was bought for my 10 yr old daughter as an Easter gift . She first recieved a webkinz last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and had requested more for holidays and birthdays . She enjoys playing with it online at webkinz.com . For the most part , the acutal Poodle just sits on her bed unless she 's off to spend the night at a friends house or her younger siblings get a hold of it - which is quite often.It 's super soft and plushy . Great to cuddle with or stuff in a backpack on the way out the door.Given the chance , I would buy this product again . I 'd also recommend it to others . Infact , I 've also purchased other products within the webkinz line and have not had any issues with any of them.Who knew that something so simple could be so much fun !
 My daughter is in LOVE with Webkinz ! She gets SOOOO excited when she has a letter or package , and ca n't wait to do her daily Gem Hunt and Wheel of Wow.From a parents standpoint , it 's teaching her to really care for a pet , and I love that feeding them veggies/fruits make the animals healthier . She is only 3yrs old , so I had to help her navigate at first , but she is really learning to recognize the words on the site , and can now sign on and play all by herself . I love playing the games too ... I must say it 's a lot of fun for parents too . Overall ... a great idea ... and would recommend it highly !
 My daughter adores her Seal and just received the Polar Bear today and the expression on her face was ` Priceless ' . How cute ! She has her pets sit with her while she gets on the Webkintz site . For the price and value of what you are getting it is Awesome . How do you NOT register on a site and expect to get the full enjoyment of PLAYING , LEARNING AND EXPERIENCING TAKING CARE OF YOUR NEW PET . SO WHAT IF YOU HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER PET TO CONTINUE YOUR REGISTRATION AGREEMENT AFTER 12 MONTHS , IT IS SO WORTH IT ! GIVE ME A BREAK!WEBKINZ - Seal
 This webkinz is a very cute and soft pink poodle . Great gift for any little girl who loves pink poodles and enjoys webkinz .
 I gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas . They needed new Webkinz codes to go online . She loves pink and loved this dog .
 The Pink Poodle is one of my favorites . It is so soft and cute . Not sure who is going to get this one , but whoever it is will be very pleased . The WebKinz are really fun , educational toys and a great gift for someone who has everything . There are so many to choose from , GREAT GIFTS .
 This pet is very adorable ! She has a very nice pink color . If you adopt her on webkinz world , you get to have a car and a pink poodle parfait . Her fur is very curly and soft . My mother got me this for my birthday , I really like it . I put a build a bear bow on her to look cute . She was my very first webkinz pet . She is a very good pet for little girls because she looks girly . Boys probably wo n't like it . This is a good present for all girls .
 Webkinz are awesome ! It is so much fun online ! It 's like it is your very own pet ! The webkinz pink poodle was the first webkinz I ever got . It comes with it 's own pink car on webkinz.com . Webkinz pink poodles to me , are the best webkinz EVER ! :-RRB- Plus when you get your webkinz online , Quizzy 's corner is really fun because it gives you facts about math , reading , pop coulter , and sports !
 I adore the pink poodle ! It is so sweet!My sister wrote a review right before this one.The pink poodle 's name is swetie.Webkinz is very educational.If you do not think so go to quizzy 's question corner on the webkinz site.If you want a stylish webkinz get a pink poodle.I love her !
 This is the best gift ever for a child who is learning computer skills and responsibility . They are mobile and cuddly . My kids each have one , and they love it !!!
 My daughter just simply LOVED this Webkinz - it is one of her FAVORITE Webkinz .
 This toy is very cute and cuddly . I ordered one from amazon a while ago and it was way overpriced and it took a long time to get here . But , overall it is a very good toy and I would recommend it .
 It is fun to play the online games ! I think the poodle is cuter than what the picture shows . No complaints here , except we have to buy more for the other kids .
 Webkinz came up with a great marketing tool . Sell the kids a stuffed animal and get them hooked up with video games on the internet . The games are cute and fun , and some are actually educational . But watch out or your kids will be on the computer for more than is good for them .
 My 5 year old remembered she had a little pink dog when she was 3 . My wife did not see her playing with it for months so she threw it out over a year ago . Of course 2 yrs later my daughter remembered it asked for it . After a few tearful nights my wife could not tell our daughter she was the one who threw it away . We went online and my daughter picked this one out . We got it a couple day later and my daughter just Loves it !!! It did the trick and my wife was off the hook . It 's is small but cute . Very good for smaller kids . Besides it beats those hard square toys you kick in the middle of the night in the dark !
 My grandaughter loves webkinz and wanted this for Christmas . He was thrilled when he got it . Material smooth , but durable .
 This is a great gift for my 2 year old foster daughter . It is a perfect size . She loves it .
 My 5 year old granddaughter was so excited with &#34; Pinky Pie &#34; and could hardly wait to get on the computer Christmas morning . She kept saying how soft it was . I see lots of fun in her future !
 I bought this for my oldest daughter 's 4th bday as a gift from her little sister -LRB- aged 2 -RRB- She had a Pink Poodle themed party , so this was perfect and she LOVES it . Unfortunately , so does my 2 year old and she about lost her mind over it because she wanted it so bad and she 's not one to covet toys . Their bdays are one month apart so I bought another one for big sister to give to her . I have n't explored the actual internet part of it , but I 've talked to the 4 year old about it and she wants to see what it 's all about .
 This is a cute poodle . It is floppy . He keeps his head down . He does not really look like picture .
 It was wonderful , great condition , and even already survived being left outside a few times , thanks for a great product at a great price .
 I bought this for my Granddaughter for Christmas . She loves it . She 's been carrying it around everywhere . It 's an extra perk that it 's a Webkinz .
 The pink poodle that we ordered , arrived , though late to India , and my daughter very happyIt was as perfect as we hoped it would be
 My 9-yr-old niece was looking to add to her Webkinz collection , and this was a perfect fit . She is very girly and loves animals , so the pink poodle was perfect . It 's pretty cute , too . About the same size as other webkinz , not very big , but if your child has a large collection , then the size is great -LRB- they wo n't take over his/her room -RRB- . I also like Webkinz because it gets kids acquainted with computers in a very safe environment , has challenging games , and is fun enough that they keep going back for more . I will continue to purchase these products because they appeal to the kid and I-want-to-be-an-adult traits in pre-teens .
 If you dont have access to the internet this toy is useless . It is just a expensive Teddy bear . Luckily we do . Now the problem is she wants to be on my laptop all the time to care for and earn things for her WEBKINZ . Adorable online community for kids . Seems to be pretty Safe , she just creates a world for her pink poodle to live in . I got one for my 8 year old and my 3 year old and they love them , but I hate the time they need to spend on my computer . They do n't play with the Actual stuffed toy itself , but they want to log on and play . That was something they do anyway with some of the kids online games and community . So basicly you pay for a password to enter online and name and create a online pet to care for . Unless I missed something . I allow her to get online once a week and do the Webkinz thing . She enjoys it . I think it helps to teach responsibility . I think the stuffed animals are adorable so that alone makes them worth it . But the kids are not that impressed , not mine anyway . My 3 year old love the Pink Froggy , yet my 8 year old would rather do the internet thing . So U decide . Good luck .
 This little puppy is sooo soft and sweet . Grandson loves it . Instant hit on Christmas . Would recommend it for all ages . Completely satisfied .
 This is an old windup toy from the 90 's . Of course the quality is n't going to be pristine . But it 's overall a nice figure , and the reason it 's a bit on the expensive side is because it 's an original-release collector 's item now.The kit is n't hard to assemble and looks nice once it 's together . Mewtwo marches across flat surfaces like a little soldier . I think it 's cute and it makes a nice addition to my collection .
 My son has had this for two years since he was 18 months old . He likes it well enough . The drumstick slides into the handle and click locks though he sometimes misplaces it . It 's cheerful and has a pleasant sound . He has toted it to David Grover concerts in Great Barrington and it 's held up . Actually it still looks knew so I guess that 's a plus .
 We got this toy for our son when he was 21/2 years old although he first played with one when he was 11 months . He 's 4 now and still likes it a lot . It 's a durable toy that could resist a toddler standing on it - unlike a tamborine we bought that broke quickly . It 's one of the more popular toys when friends and cousins come over to play . The drum stick fits into the handle and snaps in , so that 's helpful to keep things organized . I highly recommend this toy !
 I have played this game several times and enjoyed each game.To put the game in context : - Each player is a master builder working on the cathedral at Kingsbridge England in the 1100s . - Each turn represents about 10 years and their are 6 turns . - Your goal is to make the greatest contribution to the construction of the cathedral . VPs represent that contribution.Each turn has three major phases : - In the first phase , you allocate your workers to producing various resources . You may also hire craftsmen during the phase . - In the second phase , you allocate your master builder tokens to various tasks and functions . You are limited to three tokens so you must choose wisely . Also the other players are competing for the same tasks and functions . - The third phase is mechanical and represents the actual actions you planned in the first and second phase . Once you learn the game , the third phase resolves very quickly.I really like the way the game captures the feel of the book . Also , for an economic and production game , it plays very quickly once you become familiar with the turn flow . The component are of a very good quality.The only thing I do n't care for the randomness in allocating master builder tokens . It makes strategic planning difficult , but that might be an accurate reflection of the medieval world ...
 This game is a lot of fun and very quick to play -LRB- 1 hour when you know how to play it -RRB- . The only thing I found troublesome was to get the hang of it at the beginning . The mechanics of the game concentrate the strategy in a few moments at the begining of 6 rounds and the rest of the round is an automatic outcome of your decisions as a player . This makes it diffcult to understand where your actions are getting you ... So BE PATIENT ... The second time you play it , you 'll enjoy it a lot more .
 Me and my wife have had a great time playing this game . It was n't to hard to learn how to play . After a few rounds you get the hang of it . There are a lot of different stratgies you can take , which makes the game really interesting .
 If you are a fan of the book and like strategy games then you will enjoy this one . It is made up of 6 rounds of 14 steps each . At the beginning of the round you choose resources and craftsmen to use at the end of the round . A lot of the strategy is determining where to place your master builders so that you get the best resources and therefore receive the most kudos for contributing to the cathedral . The first time we played it took us about 3 hours to go through the instructions and firgure out all of the possibilities . It was fun and challenging but further play will determine if this game is a long running entertainer .
 This is an outstanding game that plays well with just 2 or up to 4 . The rules are n't terribly long , though you 'll need a learning game to get a feel for how it plays out . Games take 2 hours or less -LRB- certainly less than Monopoly and Risk ! -RRB- . It 's fun and a great way to challenge your mind . Great for older kids and definitely great just for adults . I highlyl recommend it !
 I bought this because I liked the book , but it 's not necessary to have read the book to enjoy the game . Readers will recognize familiar characters and places . Game plays well with two - even better with more . You never have enough resources to do everything you want to do , but neither do your opponents - so you must make the best choices you can with limited resources . The game goes six rounds and you keep track with the unique method of building a six piece cathedral . When the cathedral is complete the game is over . This game is very enjoyable - I highly recommend it .
 I do n't think I have enjoyed any other game more that this one . It presents a new challenge every time as conditions change , it is complex , definitely a strategy game , and very original .
 This game is a blast - it plays just as well with 2 people as it does with 4 . So many elements that keep each game fresh . It 's a must-have for those who love resource based board games -LRB- ie . Settlers of Catan -RRB- .
 Nice blend of strategy and chance . Not too heavy on the strategy for those of us who like to relax and socialize during a board game . It does n't require a great deal of concentration . Lots of pieces though and some are tiny . Moderately easy to learn . My favorite modern board game so far .
 The game was practically new !!!! In perfect condition :-RRB- Surprised my husband with his favorite childhood game , thanks to you . LOVE IT !!!
 I am always looking for teachable moments that are fun and we have had many great times playing in the bathtub with the Smart Splash Memory Match Clams !! The clams are so bright in color that even I was excited when I saw them . The toy includes 6 large clams -LRB- 2 red , 2 blue , and 2 yellow -RRB- , 2 small starfish , 2 small fish , two small clams and a mesh bag to keep it all neat and organized ! The first thing my daughter did when I showed them to her was open a clam . I showed her how you put a smaller fish into the clam . She put one of the little fish inside the clam and closed it then she opened it back up and said `` Hello ! '' in her sweet little voice , then she giggled and closed it and said `` uh-oh '' . It was so cute ! We have been trying to work on her colors with her and now I find it much easier using the clams . It seems to me like it would be confusing for her to learn her colors when you are pointing to many different shaped objects and saying red . At 19 months I am not sure if she can comprehend that . Now I will be able to ask her to find the red clam or the blue clam . It just seems like it will be alot easier for her to understand . We have been working on colors , shapes and the difference between big and little . Of course she also has squirting wars with her older sister !!
 The clams do n't stay together very well but it is a lot of fun . I bought these for my son when he was like 1 year old and he 's 3 now and still plays with them in the tub .
 I love playing with this toy . The kids have n't been overly interested in playing any kind of memory game with them so far , which is why I rank them a little low on educational value , but that might come in time . They enjoy playing color matching games with the shells and smaller creatures , or devising patterns , or taking the shell halves apart to match them with shells of other colors . There 's something very satisfying about being able to put little toys inside big toys , out of sight . The included starfish and crabs are n't the only things that get hidden away ! The clams get used as mermaid houses , as well . The mesh bag goes a long way toward being able to keep all the pieces together at the end of the day .
 This is a fun twist on the original 20 questions . I have n't had the problems that other reviewers have . It took me a couple tries to understand what a band would be considered -LRB- person or thing -RRB- and after that it 's worked great ! I had n't tried the specialized versions of 20 questions but I will definitely think about getting some of the other specific ones .
 This game is much better than the reviews give it credit for . However , I think it is a game more for adults than kids or teens . I am middle aged and have a blast with it , where as my 9 and 12 year olds do n't have enough background information to be able to answer the questions correctly . It also tends to do better with lead members of a group . It had no problem picking out Freddie Mercury , Jerry Garcia , and Mick Jagger but it had some trouble with other members in their groups . It was also able to pick out current pop stars including some American Idol singers . It also did a good job guessing musical instruments . I have not yet tried musical places . I recommend only getting this if you know alot about musicians , instruments and music related places . Otherwise you may not be able to answer the questions accurately .
 OK THIS THING IS SOOOO AMAZING !! IT HAS SHOCKED AND SUPRISED ALL OF MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY AND IS SOOOOO MUCH FUN TO PLAY !! OK OF COURSE IT HELPS TO BE A BIG MUSIC FAN TO PLAY THIS AS IT REALLY HELPS U ANSWER THE QUESTIONS BETTER SO IT CAN SHOCK THE HECK OUT OF U WHEN IT ANSWERS CORRECTLY ! I JUST CANT WAIT TO SEE HOW MUCH KNOWLEDGE IS ACTUALLY IN THIS THING !! MY NEW FAV TOY FOR YEARS TO COME !!
 I bought the first of these Wild Republic puzzles when my son was 3 . He had no problem with them -LRB- he just turned 4 -RRB- because , like most children , he does n't think inside the box . The only people it challenged were the adults . I never directed him on where pieces went as far as - flat edges go on the outside - because these puzzles do n't exactly follow that logic ! Love it ! My son has about 10 of these puzzles now and he finishes them in roughly 10-15 minutes by himself .100 % recommend these puzzles !
 Great puzzle for my 8 yr old on his birthday . He was able to do it on his own in 30 min . He loves jungle animals so this was a perfect gift . Nice large pieces .
 This gift was probably the biggest hit of Christmas . I bought it for my 6 year old and a different easier floor puzzle by the same manufacturer for my 3 year old . Both are great and the kids have put them together over and over again since getting them . They are high quality with beautiful , vibrant pictures on them and the kids just love them !
 The Shenlong gundam was my first model as a kid . Then I broke it . Years later , I have repurchased my first love and I have n't regretted it . The build is solid . So solid that it has fallen from the top of my dresser and nothing even fell off . There are a lot of panel lines to be done if you are into it , but not too much painting -LRB- Just the shield , Dragonfang head , Beam , and Feet mainly -RRB- . The hands , unlike the newer models , are one-piece hard rubber . This means the hands cant break or get loose , but they wont be able to hold some weapons . Of course , who cares ? It has an extending arm just like the anime ! The dragon fang can double in length and really kick butt . However , this feature limits the right hand 's pose-ability when folded upPros : Nostalgic WinDragon FangThe Beam Glaive stays on the back quite well and can be held in both arms after a short scuffleGood pose-ability for a 90s era modelCons : Beam Glaive beam is blue , not green like the animeShield is one piece yellow and thinFor those who like pose-ability , sorry.Great model for reminiscing and great for having a mobile suit that looks BA just standing there . -LRB- Note
 Product as described . Received quickly . Would do business with again . Very Pleased !
 I bought 3 of these two for my twin Grand sons age 6 and one for Grandpa of course -LRB- after all I have to defend myself -RRB- We had hours of fun with them.Make sure your Grand kids are strong enough to work the pump as my Grand daughter aged 4 could not work it very well so I bought her a pile of water pistols to join in on the fun!Very durable product!Great way for Grandpa to interact with the grand kids and have a bath at the same time !
 I have this battery for my Traxxas Stampede XL-5 . On full throttle , I get 15 minutes of run time . It takes about an hour to charge with a charge rate of 4 amps , so that 's a play to charge ratio of 1 to 4 . The quality of the battery is great , but as far as top-end batteries go , this is n't one of them.I wo n't ramble on about the different cells and forms of batteries , but I can tell you that you can find a very nice battery with a price tag similar to this at your local hobby store or towerhobbies.com .
 Excellent Battery . Longer lasting than I expected and charged well . Held charge nicely and didnt heat up too much . A must for casual Racers .
 Hi this battery is lightweight for boatsif youre a Rc Car fan you need a other great batteryThank you
 This is a 3000mAh Battery . It is a great battery . It charges in about an hour at 4amps . About 2 hours at 2amps respectively . I get about 15 minutes of run time out of my Traxxas Stampede monster truck . If you are looking for a longer lasting battery get a 4000 or 5000mAh battery . Personally , I just bought two of these . They work well and Venom makes a good battery .
 i put lucy puzzles together glue them then i put them in a frame and hang them up . I LOVE LUCY
 This turned out to be one of my sons favorite toys this Christmas ! It is a larger car so that it ca n't get lost so easily , and it is made of thicker plastic , so that it may be thrown down the stairs and not get broken -LRB- sturdy is better in my house -RRB- ! Great toy , surely will stand the test of time !
 Dont think too much about buying this ... Is one of the best toys I ever had and the whole purchase process whas fine . Delivered on time and good price .
 Okay , we all know about the Disney CARS craze and trying to hunt down all the new die-cast characters Mattel puts out . These 1:24 scale models are very , very nice and the size is perfect for young boys , girls or collectors . The only downside is that they only made Mater and McQueen . Who would n't love to see Chick Hicks or The King in 1:24 scale ?! Come on Mattel ! Get with it !! We 've waited long anough . ; -RRB-
 Very nice re-creation of Lightning ! I would give 5 stars but it loses one due to it being made in Communist China !
 My 9 year old daughter has enjoyed this gift . It was a little difficult for her to get her MP3 player to work with it however . The music can be a bit annoying to adults . Still it has been a good gift for girls that are in that in between age .
 I have the Pixel Chix Pixel Pets Jammin ' Hamster and here 's what I say.It 's a very nice thing but do n't stay in the secret world too long ! When you go back there will be cobwebs . Just press the broom and it will go away.TIP ALERT
 The 12 year old girl who got this toy loves it . These Pixel Chix games seem to be very entertaining products .
 This game is great for the sports fan . If you do n't know much about the various sports then it is not for you . But if you are a fan the game is great fun .
 This is a great kite ... it 's not as durable as I would have liked , but it flies well and looks fabulous up in the air ... fun fun fun !
 Well when I was young someone told me to `` Go Fly A Kite '' and I have been for over 50 years . THis kite is fun to fly because of its theme and easy to fly .
 I bought this and all three of my grandchildren at various times grab it and ride on it every time they visit . They also watch TV while on it or just sit on it when they are visiting with family members . I just leave it in the living room now , instead of carrying it up and down the stairs . It 's cute and survives even the larger children rocking on it .
 The toy was for my niece . I ordered this for her . She enjoyed it .
 Rollie is awesome ! It is small but very good quality ! My grandsons enjoy playing with this toy and we would like to collect them all !
 Again , these toys are difficult to find and I am glad I was able to get it for my son !
 Yes , these take along Bob the Builder Toys are small , but they are well made and perfect to `` Take Along '' . We ended up taking our dog to the emergency vet clinic Christmas night . I threw four of these Bob the Builder Toys in my pocket for my 2 year old , and they kept him busy the full 2 hours . Grabber is his favorite .
 great toy and service , learning curve is a good toycompany for the money.but some items are way overpriced and not affordeble for me .
 What child does n't want another `` Bob the Builder '' character ? I purchased all of these when my daughter was 4 , and now my 3 year old son loves them ! They are played with very roughly by two young kids , and only the forklift has broken . These even go in the bathtub , and they hold up great ! Great product , meant for real play !!
 The characters from Bob the Builder are my 3yr olds favorites toys . He plays with them everyday and I am often required to participate .
 this a lovely addition to your baby annabell collection , my daughter owns this changing bag and loves it , what makes it so special is that it is different from the normall bags because of its shape , it is created in a lovely lamb shape to fit in beautifully with all the baby annabell set and this is why it is so popular with my daughter , it is an easy to wash bag and has room for lots of essential annabell changing things like nappies and pots and of course the bottle and bib fits lovely in it , you can put it over the handles of the pushchair or carry over your shoulder with its strap , i would have to recommend this as a great bag for all your baby doll items and it will definately be a favourite with most kids ,
 I got this bag in a bundle at another store and it 's great the bag is so soft it has lots of accessories.I love zapf dolls and accessories.My daughter will love taking care of her baby annabell and carrying all the items in this bag.My daughter also has the blanket and carrier so she can feel like a real mommy on christmas morning i ca n't wait to see her face.go get this for your little one they will love it it 's soft and easy to open and close.I hope this helps .
 this gorgeous little bag has everything your child needs , and is just utterly adorable ! it 's the perfect size for small children as well as older ones , and is well worth the money and then some !
 I purchased this game for the family not knowing if it was going to be challenging enough to keep anybody 's interest , but it was inexpensive enough to give it a try . This ended up being one of the family 's favorites . We let the kids -LRB- boy , age 12 and girl , age 8 -RRB- pick 2 or 3 different games when we have `` Saturday night game night '' and this often ends up being one of the chosen games . There 's enough strategy to keep it interesting , but it 's not complicated or difficult . There 's enough luck of the dice so who is ahead can change rapidly . And it 's very satisfying to get one of your pieces to the top and drop it through the hole so it ca n't get sent back to start . And great fun when you roll 4 of a kind first roll so you can move , send someone back to start , AND roll again ! The pieces are big enough for adults and children to handle . One of the draw-backs is that if you bump the board , the pieces can shift and you may not remember where they belong . So it 's not a game for very young children who may accidently bump the board when moving their pieces . However , for elementary school age and up , it 's not been a problem at all . It 's a game for 4 ; playing with two is boring . It does n't look like much , but it 's a great addition to your collection . Enjoy !
 Shake Up is sort of a cross between Yahtzee , Sorry and Parcheesi . You shake the 4 dice and try to make combinations that allow you to move your pieces up the board and into the holes at the top . The first player to get all of their pieces to the top wins the game.If a player rolls 4 of a kind or a 4-straight , the player can move one piece up a space and also has the option of moving an opponents piece down to the starting level . So there are plenty of opportunities to be mean to your opponents ! : - -RRB- Fun game !
 This game looks simple but bringing a lot fun when we play it . Because the rule is easy , so from the 6-year-old girl to adult , we can all play this game together .
 At last , an action figure of the biggest diva pig of them all , Miss Piggy ! Piggy 's dress and facial expression are perfect . Her accessories are incredibly detailed -- the drawer in her dressing table even opens ! I only wish that she had the long hair she had in the first seasons of the show . All in all , moi is quite pleased .
 My grandson loves Bob The Builder ! We were able to get this toy for him and he loves it ! It is the size of a hotwheel car so wish it was a bit bigger but none the less it is well made and played with all the time !
 Great Muck toy ; however , I wish I had realized that it was the small Matchbox sized one before I spent so much !
 Pricey but expected as Bob the Builder toys are no longer in production . My grandsons love it and if they 're happy so am I !
 Gift to my younger grandson Noah and he just loved it . Having the magnetic was a big hit with him .
 my son is after this iterm for xmas . please please help
 Had n't heard of this until playing it with friends this Summer , then I had to have it ! Fair warning , it 's addictive ! All the elements of a great game , strategy , endless ways to win , or lose , : -LRB- Highly recommended if you enjoy fun board games .
 Purchased this game from Amazon.com after reading the reviews to see which one to purchase . I am very pleased with this game and the mat that comes with it . I even added poker chips to it so that more people can play than the four colors included . Amazon alerted me when it went on sale so I bought one for a friend along with Kings in the Corner . Am very pleased with Sequence and look forward to the other game .
 Sent this to my granddaughter for her birthday after she had played the game while visiting with us - she loved it and several people can play at the same time which makes it more fun !!!
 I love this game ! We 're so happy we bought it ! Just had friends over to play and we had so much fun ! Ladies won of course !!!! : -RRB-
 I purchased this board/card game because my relatives brought it out to play one time . My parents are getting older and now have a new game they can play with family and friends and they just love it . Thank you for creating this board/card game . It has been fun for all ages in our family .
 I have loved this game for ten years and now it has the JUMBO mat . I wish the mat had been rolled so there would n't be creases . The great part about this game is that my teenagers enjoy playing a game or two with me after school and they open up about their day without me prying . This is a must have for every family .
 Sequence is a really fun board game that can be learned in about a minute and played by as many as 12 people in teams of 6,4,3 or 2 . This can be a problem because when 6,8,10 or 12 people are playing it is hard to see the board . The jumbo edition solves the problem to some extent . The board and characters on it are much larger than the standard size . This game gets everyone into it and to develope a strategy you need to be able to see the entire board . Get it ! You 'll have a lot of fun .
 We wanted this version of the game because of the bigger playing board . we were happy with the size but disappointed that it was folded up and does not unfold flat on the table because it is not a hard board it is vynal with a foam back and does not lay out flat . other than that it is a great game and a lot of fun for everyone in the family .
 Sequence is a fun game . Jumbo Sequence is great for everyone . The depictions on the playing mat are about twice the size of regular Sequence . This makes it easy for kids of all ages to see .
 If you love Sequence you will love the size and quality of this product . I do n't even have to wear my glasses as it is so big . We used to try to play with a smaller version on a large table and this is so much better . The price was awesome - much cheaper than anywhere else .
 We were introduced to this game while visiting at a friends house . I loved it immediately and ordered it from Amazon as soon as we got home . Since we bought this game , we 've won over about 3 couples when we introduced them to Sequence . It makes you THINK and its improved my level of concentration as well ... . I recommend this game for everyone ... young and old !
 We really enjoy playing this game and love the jumbo size mat . I even taught my 86 year old mother to play and she liked it after she caught on to it .
 Fun game and having the jumbo version is great ! Love to get together with family and play this game . Good value
 When playing with 2 teams or more this is much easier to see than the smaller board . We love it !!!
 Next time we 'll buy the jumbo tube edition for easier storage , but otherwise we found the game to be really fun , whether for 2 players or more . I wish it included chips for 4 people instead of merely 3 , but we plan to buy poker chips in other colors to compensate .
 We have introduced many many people to this game with the use of the large edition . This is much easier when a large group is playing and much easier for older people to see .
 Hosted our card party group on New Year 's Day - everyone seemed to really love the game , including two who borrowed it for their family gatherings . Easy to read party sized board , even for the older members in our card group . Easy to learn game , but DOES require strategy . Fun !
 THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN TO PLAY AND WILL DEFINITELY BE A GOOD PARTY GAME TO PLAY OR JUST FOR A COUPLE OF PEOPLE . THANKS
 Fun game and more enjoyable to play with the larger board , on which spaces are more visable . Board seems to be virtually indestructable
 Il est plus facile de jouer &agrave; plusieurs avec le jeu Jumbo Sequence et les cartes &agrave; choisir sont plus visibles .
 No complaints , and it got here fast ! Big playing mat for better visualization and easier game play . Buy this version , it 's better than the original !
 This was one of the first items I ever ordered on Amazon and am very happy with it . The jumbo vinyl mat game board is great to roll up and store , but the larger board is so much easier to see , especially after the ninth or tenth game and late at night . One of the best purchases I have made . Oh and if you spill something it 's easy to wipe up .
 Purchased this after playing with the smaller version and decided the Jumbo would be better for children and older adults . It was ... easy to see and many hours were spent playing the game as it did not take too long and required skills that were good for growing minds .
 We play this game all the time . We have a great time with it . I would recommend this game . We usually play partners that 's makes it more fun .
 Realmente es un juego muy interesante , ha sido en centro de reuni&oacute;n para todos en la casa , hemos pasado momentos muy agradables y sobre todo su nuevo tablero hecho en platico flexible nos ha permitido lavarlo despu&eacute;s de alg&uacute;n accidente al caer sobre el l&iacute;quidos , sin tener que preocuparnos de da & ntilde ; ar el tablero de juego.Otra cosa es el tama & ntilde ; o del tablero que es m&aacute;s f&aacute;cil para ver y colocar las fichas durante el juego cuando estamos participando m&aacute;s de 4 personas .
 my mother and her friend love this game -LRB- its their fourth -RRB- wore out the others . I purchased 2 for them but they only needed 1 she sent the extra back to you but i have not received credit for it ... would you please check it out and get back to methank you
 tHE PACKAGING WAS SLIGHTLY DAMAGED BUT THE GIANT BOARD WAS IN GOOD SHAPE . iT IS EASY TO SEE AND TO PLAY . iT WORKS WELL FOR OLDER PLAYERS WHO HAVE VISION PROBLEMS dELIVERY WAS FAST FROM AMAZON . .
 The jumbo mat is quite large - about the side of a card table . Only real issues is that there 's no really good place to put the card deck that is readily accessible to everyone .
 This is a good game , easy to understand and gives pleasure to all ages who play it . It does enhance observational skills
 Luv this game-we always play men vs women and it leads to a lot of bellowing and bragging and tears of laughter !!!
 Jumbo Sequence is an awesome game ! It is so much fun . It works your brain tremendously . The whole family can play . The mat is large enough for 6 people to play and you can see the cards on it better than on the original Sequence . We stay up all hours of the night playing and my 73 year old mother loves it . She wants to play it daily !
 We ordered this jumbo game because some friends had it and it is a fun and easy game to learn . We got the jumbo size because others had told us that the regular is hard to play because the board is so small . Our friends had the jumbo size and it came in a tube cardboard . Ours is exactly like theirs but this came in a box , therefore the vinyl mat has to be folded to fit in the box . That makes it a little hard to lay flat when you want to play . I have rolled the mat , put a few rubber bands around it and now it lays fine , but I wo n't be putting it back in the box because I want a flat playing surface . Other than that , the game is great , high quality and the price is much better than the competition . Thanks ! @
 Four of us have been routinely playing with the Regular Sequence Edition moaning and groaning because with bifocals , it is hard to see across the board . We raise our glasses , we lower our glasses , we take our glasses off ! We stand up , we sit down , we lean way forward to see ! Oh , if ONLY there were a larger version of this fun game - gee , maybe we could go to Staples and get everything blown up to a larger size . One day it occurred to us that maybe there was a larger version available and sure enough , there it was at Amazon.com ! I immediately ordered the larger version called Jumbo Sequence Box Edition and we have been more than pleased with it . The only downside to the larger set is that it does not come with a board , it comes with a vinyl mat that is folded inside the box . The fold marks are hard to eliminate - we sat huge books on it for a whole weekend . We can certainly use it now but it still wants to bow up a tad on the fold mark . To eliminate this problem , we store it in a roll container with no rubberbands around it -LRB- which we think would just add more creases to the mat -RRB- . All in all , the four of us would highly recommend getting the larger set if you have any issues with seeing the game when laid out on a table . We have become addicted to the game !!!
 Jumbo Sequence is much easier to use and see than the conventional board . It 's easier to reach the game board when you 're sitting at the dining room table . I would highly recommend it .
 Jumbo Sequence is fun for 2 or three players . No special skills are required . The larger playing mat makes it easier to see the layout . The game moves quickly , and most matches take less than 30 minutes to play out with two players . Some strategy is helpful , but the luck of the draw is what ultimately matters.The object of the game is to play the cards that are arranged on the game mat in a vertical , horizontal or diagonal sequence . But watch out ! Your opponent may have the one-eyed Jack which can remove any one of your cards on the mat . Continue to play and draw cards until someone makes a sequence . Two-eyed Jacks are wild.The rules are different depending on the number of playes , so read the instructions .
 This is a terrific game but the jumbo version is definitely better for grandma than the regular size version . My 7 year old grandson loves to play it .
 Introduced to this game and it is a fun game to play . Does call for a little mental work , but not enough to stress a person . The Jumbo board is a real plus as I do not think that my eyes could handle looking at the small board
 My daughter and I have played Sequence together since she could understand the game . Now we 've begun playing the game as a family with teams and it is more fun than ever . I ordered the jumbo version because our normal size version was a bit small when 6 - 10 people are sitting around a large table - plus those of us with poorer eyesight appreciate the larger size ! Anyone looking for a game the whole family can enjoy and spend time together - this is it !!!
 We have played Sequence on the regular cardboard board for several years . We were looking for a larger board to take camping with us . The Jumbo version with the plastic/rubber mat worked great . It fit on the table in the camper and on the picnic table outside equally well . Spills and dirt cleaned up very easily . It is much easier to see than the smaller cardboard board . The larger chips were easier for both tiny fingers -LRB- children -RRB- and old adult fingers to handle . We love it .
 We were introduced to this game 2 weeks ago and have played it 4 times in 2 weeks . We bought our own game and all couples and teens we have introduced to this game LOVE it and are buying one for themselves .
 We were introduced to this game while visiting at a friends house . I loved it immediately and ordered it from Amazon as soon as we got home . Since we bought this game , we 've won over about 3 couples when we introduced them to Sequence . It makes you THINK and its improved my level of concentration as well ... . I recommend this game for everyone ... young and old !
 Challenge of the game is better than I expected , plus the quality of the game items is excellent .
 The people who criticize that this game comes down to luck do n't understand game theory , hand reading , or the fact that nearly every game outside of chess has a ton of luck in it . Poker , Scrabble , Yahtzee are a mix of luck and strategy . You will find that here as well . You will find bad players who use their Jacks as soon as you get them . You may get good enough to hand read your opponents hand assuming he is making optimal plays and you can adapt by playing optimally as well .
 Love this Jumbo version of Sequence . First ordered the tube , but the tube was too big and bulky to store or take anywhere . We exchanged it for this version and just roll the mat up in a poster tube . Works perfectly and we all love this game !
 This game is fun for all ages . My grandchildren and I had a lot of fun playing it and were able to bond while playing .
 Unfortunately not available in Europe but worth the airfreight costs really is a game for 7 to 70s , the game mat might be the weak link robustness wise but lets see , I would have chosen the cylender version but as we are in Europe we chose the mat boxed version because of mail/transport difficulties.roger w
 We often have a family game night and Sequence is a family favorite . Unfortunately , the grandparents were having trouble seeing the original Sequence board and when I came across the jumbo size board , we had to have it . It worked out great for everyone . Up to 12 people can play this game and now everyone can see the board regardless where you 're sitting around the table . It was an excellent choice to purchase this jumbo size . The mat tends to buckle a little where the folds are so we do n't fold it up when we put it away . We roll it up , rubber band it , and its ready for the next game day . We 're really enjoying it !
 Great game for a group of adults after dinner . The more players the merrier . The `` jumbo '' version is superior . Picked the boxed version for better storage , but did n't realize the game mat is the same rubberized mat provided in the tube can . Should have gotten the tube can version -LRB- as our friends have -RRB- because the folds in the mat somewhat interfere with game play .
 Sequence is a very fun game , but it is really fun when you play teams . It could be a good game for kids to learn matching .
 We were introduced to Sequence by friends and are hooked on it . The jumbo version which we have is very easy to use and lends itself to several players . It is great fun but also a challenge to promote your own strategies as well as to thwart others ' !
 My husband and I enjoy this game and this board with larger images is great for those of us who do have a vision problem .
 was introduced to this game by family members and we loved it so much that we had to go and get a set for ourselves . it is a lot of fun for family and friends !!!
 We get together with 4 to 5 couples once a month to play Sequence . My friends loved the game so much I ordered 3 of them for their own personal use . It is a great game with a challenge . Not too difficult . My 11 year old grandson also loves to play . Be sure to buy the game with the jumbo board .
 Large Sequence mat makes this game easy on the eyes . It is easy to learn and fun for couples . Enclosed directions are quite clear .
 If you like playing games games this one is great for 2 people of more . I would recommend this game
 This game is so much fun and you do n't have to be a world class strategist to play it . Good , plain fun - everyone we have played it with loves it , and the big jumbo size is perfect .
 i have the small one . when i saw the jumbo i want to have have it right away . every day i 'm gather me friend to play the game
 We first experienced playing Jumbo Sequence at a bed and breakfast while vacationing this summer . Sequence is one of our favorite games , and we knew we had to have this . It 's so much better than the regular version .
 Ihave been playing this game with friends and it 's great ... this particular gme has a folding board that is easy to store ... . I love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a good family game , for 2 - 6 players , and we have enjoyed it a lot . It combines dice , with cards and some good thinking , in order to win the game . Lots of fun , and easy to do . I recommend it highly .
 We bought this version for my vision impared Mother-In-Law to be able to join us in a fun game . The bonus is that it really is a better size to play , even at my ripe old age of 50 .
 I had played this game on its regular board and knew that it was a bit difficult to see everything . This jumbo sized mat solves that problem for sure but it is big so you need to make sure your table can accommodate it . There is also a bit of an issue in that the mat does n't lay flat . An actual jumbo board might be better . Still , it 's a great game and I highly recommend it .
 This is a great game for the entire family . It requires skill and luck to win . Each move you make requires you to think defensively as well as offensively . It 's lots of fun !!!
 I purchased this for someone who has cerebal palsy and it is easy for her to play with this big of game pieces .
 We enjoy this game very much , especially if you have a number of people that are going to participate . We like the jumbo board , makes it much easier to see the numbers .
 I am very happy with this game , it is MUCH better than the regular sequence game !
 Deluxe SequenceWe bought the smaller version of the game originally and found it was hard to see the cards on the board . We then bought the larger game with the mat and it has reduced the eye strain tremendously . The game is easy to play and even the kids enjoy it .
 I really enjoy this game . I really like the jumbo version as it is easier to see across the table .
 This game is truly a lot of fun for all individuals from ages 6 + . I was first introduced to the game in September of 2008 and searched hi and low in the retail stores to no avail . I was excited when I found that Amazon carried this game in their inventory . As a result , I bought four games , -LRB- in spite of the fact that I think it is a little pricey -RRB- for holiday gift giving . The recipients that had played the game before were totally surprised and thrilled to get JUMBO SEQUENCE and the others could not wait for the opportunity to play . This game provides great entertainment for all family and friends and I would highly recommend this game to everyone .
 The jumbo game board has quality , durability and is easy to see . In addition , the rules and instructions are easily understood . Everyone who has played with us will be ordering one from you . We have enjoyed the Jumbo Sequence game .
 I bought Jumbo sequence in a tube after playing the original version at a friend 's house . The jumbo version is awesome -- so much easier to reach around a table . It 's always a favorite whenever I take it to `` game night '' . You 'll love this game and it is easy for all ages to play .
 We purchased two of the games and took them as gifts . Sequence is a great game to play with new couples and people . Great fun and stimulating . We have used it in the past with large groups , teaching team work and leadership . Anyone getting this game will find out quickly their team playing ability .
 We had played Sequence on the original board and really liked it . When we got the Jumbo mat we discovered it was easier to use and made the game more fun for all of us .
 This is a fun game for 2 , 3,4 or 6 people.It is easy and engaging . We love it .
 Jumbo Sequence - BoxWe play Sequence with other couples and with our grandkids . We have lots of laughs while playing . The jumbo mat makes it easier for us to find where we need to place our next chip . Would recommend for ages from 9 and up .
 Great game to play with kids and adults . Several people can play and couples or groups can play which makes it very challenging . My family enjoys it and I plan to take it with us on a cruise to enjoy . Thanks Amazon.com for getting it to me in a timely fashion and having the best price .
 Excellant game for kids -LRB- 7 and older -RRB- through adults . The large size is excellant for 3 or more players . This size is a table top board . The larger size helps in locating the cards on the board . This game moves fairly fast and hold the attention of the players - excellent for kids .
 We played this at a friends and loved it and could n't find the jumbo version in loccal stores . You want the bigger playboard since with 3-4 couples it is easier to see . It 's great for an after dinner party game and has plenty of challenge !
 We started playing this game on home made boards before it was sold in stores . We love the cloth like mat and large chips and layout of the store versions . We have never encountered anyone who does n't just love this game .
 Jumbo Sequence - BoxThis game is so much fun that my whole family gets together to play . We have Sequence nights . Have played with my friends and have given many Jumbo games away as gifts . Our family loves it and so does everyone we introduce it to . It is a great game for kids as well as adults .
 Excellent game for all ages ! This is our second game , we also have the regular board game . We started playing Sequence one Thanksgiving at my aunt and uncle 's house , the whole family became hooked . The day after Thanksgiving everyone was at the store buying their own game ! We started having Sequence `` tournaments '' . During the holidays we had a `` game party '' with various games going on ; everyone kept making their way over to the Sequence table , we now have another group of people hooked on the game !
 I am planning to purchase Sequence and would like any feedback on whether to buy the Jumbo cardboard version or roll up version of Sequence ? because of durability and does the Jumbo cardboard come in a tin box ? Friends and family really enjoy playing the game and I am thinking of buying one for each group of my family and close friends . I certainly would appreciate any comments .
 Gave Sequence as gift to our married children and they loved it . All their friends want to come back to visit and play the game .
 This is a fun game to play with family & friends.Directions easy to follow.Make it a great night to enjoy .
 This is really a fun game . You have to be sharp and watch the whole board throughout the game . It is also important to try and predict your opponent 's next move as well . This is not a difficult game but , with practice , you can improve your observational skills and strategy . The jumbo game makes everything easier to see from all angles .
 I Love the Jumbo board ! Easy to see from all sides.This game is fun for two . My husband , who does not like games as a rule , is now playing Sequence with me in the evenings.This is fun with other adults as well as with children or a mix of all ages .
 My husband and I are card players , and this game is a pleasant change . It challenges your memory as well as your skill , plus there is a degree of luck ! Well worth the extra money for the jumbo edition if you are going to play often , as the board gets crowded .
 I like the bigger playing board a lot ! It makes it easier to see what your next move is going to be . This really is a fun game .
 This is a fun game . I especially like it because its bigger numbers and for us older people we do n't have to squint to see them . HaHa . No , we really love this game and have a great time playing it . Thanks
 Recently played Sequence with friends and enjoyed the game so much that we immediately purchased the Jumbo Set . Easy to learn and they kids enjoyed it also .
 This is a real fun game in and of itself . This larger version is great for seniors as it 's easier to see and recognize sequences . Would definitely recommend for Sequence fans .
 This jumbo edition of Sequence is so much easier to play with more than two players because it is much easier to see the playing surface and allows more space for players to get around the game .
 We bought the original Sequence game and loved it . So much fun !! Then we went to a friend 's house and played the JUMBO Sequence and fell in love with that . It is so much easier to see and reach the game mat . Once you 've played the JUMBO version you 'll never want to go back to the original . All of our neighbors , friends , and family are hooked on this game and we never tire of it .
 Game is great fun , but because the game mat is folded in a box , it does n't lay flat -LRB- which is important -RRB- . I had to let the game mat sit out for days with telephone books on top of it to get it to lay flat.Needless to say , I wo n't put the mat back in the box . Friends bought it packaged in a tube and that avoids that problem .
 We love our new JUMBO Sequence Game ! We have a regular Sequence game and being over 50 it was hard to see the small cards on the broad especially when a group was playing ! Now when can see the Game with ease and have so much fun playing it!Thanks for making the JUMBO version !!!!
 like challenges ? like to think ? you must get this game !! You can play for hours with out even noticing .
 We have owned the original version of sequence for several years . The `` Jumbo '' version is much easier to play when involving young children and/or adults with maturing eyesight . It makes a great game even more enjoyable .
 This is a game that every household should own . It is very entertaining and gets more fun as you increase the number of players . It is very challenging and keeps you on your toes ! My 7-year old loves to play it as much as we do .
 This game is great for parties . The mat fits perfectly on the kitchen table . We have teams with 2 people on each team , even the kids join in . The mat is very durable ... spills can just be wiped right off .
 This game is great and addictive ! Friends from Idaho brought this game down for us to play during their visit . Before they returned home we bought the `` regular '' boxed version . That boxed set is now at work where there 's a Sequence game going every day at lunch . The Jumbo version is at home ... where we play almost nightly . The only regret is not having ordered the Deluxe version too .
 We have several freinds that we have introduced to this game . We are all hooked . It 's so addicting we can play for 6 or seven hours & just lose all track of time . You can play with a small or large group of people that is divisible by 2 or 3 for loads of fun !!
 We had played this game before with friends . We went out to buy the game -LRB- the jumbo one -RRB- and could find it no where . So , we checked Amazon , and happily they have it . The game is fun , challenging , addictive . Great for family or adults . Easy to learn , but much easier with the jumbo game . The small one is too hard to read -LRB- especially if you are over 40 ! -RRB- .
 My daughter played this game with friends and insisted that we get one to play . She likes it better than I do , because she is the better player . It is simple to learn but you do need a strategy to win .
 We love this game . Ordered 2 , one for ourselves and one for next door neighbor who also wanted one . We both thought the board would be a board and were surprised that is a mat . We would have loved it more if it had been a board but still love the game .
 The game itself is wonderful . Everyone that I have played the game with really enjoyed the challenge . My only critique is the amount of time it took to receive the game . I was first told that I would receive the game in the normal 3-5 day delivery time but it took over 2 weeks before I got the game . It was unbelievable that it took so long to get from Arizona to Kentucky .
 Love this game that can be played by almost any age group . It is a great family game or just for adults to have a fun eve together . Best price at Amazon.com . Linda
 I 'm part of a group of women aged 50 + and we love the game ! I bought the box version of the game , but it was difficult to play with the creases . I folded it backwards and rolled it , put it in a tube , and now we 've got the perfect game !!
 This is the second Sequence game we have bought . The first is the standard size and is ideal for a small table with 4 or 6 players . We bought the Jumbo Sequence to make it easier to see for more players or a larger table . We would thoroughly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys social evenings of games rather than watching the TV .
 We already loved playing the game Sequence , but our game board was small . With this jumbo mat 6 of us can easily see every spot displayed and plan our strategy easier and faster . The playing mat is heavy vinyl and will last quite a while . I am , though , going to take it out of the box and store it rolled up so that there are no permanent creases in the vinyl . If I purchased this again , I would by the game packaging that comes in a tube . Easier for storage .
 this game is so much fun for everybody , and the large format makes it much easier to play ... really challanges you to think about your moves ... . we give it an A +
 Arrived quickly and in good order . Have enjoyed this game for years . Adults love it as well as children .
 The sequence game we purchased is a jumbo one and it 's great for us seniors ' get together .
 We purchased this basic K-Nex set for our 41/2 year old son . We 've been building things every day for two weeks . It 's one of the few toys that maintain an adult 's interest as long as the kid 's interest . My son is able to build things by himself and has now started improvising -- learning a bit of `` engineering '' to make his own creations . However , he does have a bit of difficulty snapping/unsnapping pieces to/from the middle of the bar and he broke one of the pieces .
 This was my 6 year old nephew 's first set of K'nex . These are better than regular old blocks or legos because you can make things that move , bend , and roll . He loves to create different vehicles and robots , and already asked for another set .
 My son Mikey loves to build . He is 5 , not only does he build what is in the books , but he makes up things on his own . He has 4 knex sets as well as the serpent . As long as your child likes to build I highly recommend knex .
 K'NEX are the best ! My 5 year old son has this set and just loves it . He enjoys building all the models . The instruction booklet is very easy to follow . This is a very good ` quiet time ' toy . The pieces are very durable and easy to snap together . I really like the carrying case . It has a handle that makes for easy traveling ... perfect ` on the go ' toy . It also easily holds other K'NEX sets -LRB- we have 3 other smaller sets also in this case -RRB- . We have given these to a lot of my son 's friends as birthday gifts , and I plan on doing the same as Christmas gifts . I enjoy sitting down with my son and building the models too . I would highly recommend this toy to any child that enjoys building things .
 First , let me say that this is a really cool toy ! I bought it for my 6 year old son for this year 's annual winter present giving orgy . It is great looking and lots of fun to put together . Just the right amount of challenge for a kid his age . It seems to be durable and I expect it will last longer than the average plastic RC car.The reason I did n't give this thing 5 stars is because it seems under-powered . The wheels are a good size and give it the ability to cruise around on a lot of varied terrain without getting hung up , however , it is limited by the power of the motor . It does n't really need to be any faster but it definitely needs more torque to get it to go everywhere it looks like it should be able to go.The reason I said it does n't go far enough is because the imaginative creating and building aspect we expect from LEGO is somewhat limited . You can take the parts off and move them around a bit but the possibilities for true customization are pretty limited . I was really hoping that it would be able to integrate with traditional or Technics LEGO pieces to really open up the options but unfortunately you 're pretty much stuck with the pieces that come in the box . Even offering additional body kits that could be mixed and matched on the chassis would be cool .
 My son had no problems putting the car together . It has held up well and he can move it and maneuver it easily . We are both pleased with it .
 Polygon is probably one of Jax 's best games , especially in the production department . This a game similar to Tri-ominos in which you need to match numbers and colors . You can also make scores by creating small runs with the numbers . Another added feature is the ability to stack tiles on top of each other to create scoring combinations.I am also impressed with the overall look of the game . The tiles are very well made with a shiny black plastic , as well as a well-designed game board.Highly recommended !
 I have found this game to be a sub for solitaire . It may be designed for multiple players but I like to play and try to achieve the highest possible score for one person . Sure it is difficult to understand at first , but the best games are .
 WE LOVE A GOOD CHALLENGE.AS A FAMILY WHEN WE HAVE A CHANCE TO BE TOGETHER WE PLAY CARDS AND OR BOARD GAMES.THIS GAME REALLY MAKES YOU THINK .
 Being familiar with JAX games , I eagerly awaited POLYGON . It is a challenging game , BUT you must thoroughly read directions before playing , and pay particular attention to game piece orientation . Once mastered , it is a great game . I have played it with one opponent and with 4 , seems top be better with 4 . The game pieces are durable , they should last a while !
 This was a fun toy for my nephew . It was in good condition and arrived promptly .
 My son is 4 and still LOVES Bob the Builder . We got him a number of the diecast and he loves them . They are compatable with the take along Thomas which is nice . Scoop appears to be well made and has kept my son entertained for a long time . Good toy , sad they have been discontinued !
 Yes , these take along Bob the Builder Toys are small , but they are well made and perfect to `` Take Along '' . We ended up taking our dog to the emergency vet clinic Christmas night . I threw four of these Bob the Builder Toys in my pocket for my 2 year old , and they kept him busy the full 2 hours . Grabber is his favorite .
 this is the best toy ! i like his sword alot and hes stands easily on his own ! im also the one who wrote -LRB- for thade with battle steed -RRB- a reoson for bents knees . i cant wait till they make krull so i can make them fight . it has 4 durable stars because he doesnt easily break unless u try to !
 My husband is a big fan of Planet of the Apes . He was so thrilled when our order came in ! The detail and quality were excellent , however I feel this is not a toy to be handeled roughly .
 Here again is an excellent Toy you only dreamed they would make as a child ! My childhood Gorilla Warrior was nothing like this . The rich detailing in the face alone is worth the price ! So off I go to escape this world and land on a Planet where Apes Evolved into Toys !
 Every toy i buy may look cool but falls apart . This Toy has great detail of the ape and is posable and well made.This toy will not break unless you try too.It has the detail of a sculpture . If you want a toy that looks cool and you do not want it to break buy this toy .
 I got this for my skeleton crazed grandson and he LOVES IT ! It is sturdy and large and has been so much fun !
 I ordered one of these for my daughter and she absolutely loves it . At first I was a little skeptical about ordering it because of some of the reviews from this site as well as others . However , after we got it in the mail we were both very excited . We have had the tent for about a month and a half and I am glad that I went ahead and ordered it . Every Saturday night my daughter and I set up her tent and have a camp out in the living room . Now she looks forward to every Saturday night so her and I can have a camp-out . Honestly , I would have to say that I have not had any problems with this product . I love it and I love the fact that it gives my daughter and I the opportunity to spend time together . I am already planning on buying one for my nephews so that they can have camp-outs to .
 this is what i was looking for the price was right and it was ship in good time i would order agian
 What child does n't want another `` Bob the Builder '' character ? I purchased all of these when my daughter was 4 , and now my 3 year old son loves them ! They are played with very roughly by two young kids , and only the forklift has broken . These even go in the bathtub , and they hold up great ! Great product , meant for real play !!
 Barbie 's days are numbered ... the supermodel of the world has arrived ! Standing a mighty 13 '' , the RuPaul doll is the most sassy , sexy fashion doll around . The `` Glamazon '' style was the last of the original set or dolls , made to honor RuPaul 's latest transformation . The attention to detail is amazing ... this doll looks just like her namesake . The rooted hair is high quality and the clothing fits well and wo n't fall apart.Integrity Toys really did a wonderful job with the packaging of these dolls and most collectors can keep the doll `` mint in package '' without compromising the beauty of the doll . Of the first set of three dolls , this `` Glamazon '' is a must have . Also check out the limited edition `` Foxy Lady '' from the second series of dolls.Release the inner queen inside and buy this now ! And while you 're at it pick up a copy of Ru 's sizzling `` Reworked '' remixed album !
 Christian mothers looking to appease their young ones would be advised to stay away from the glam goddess that is RuPaul . On the other hand if you want to learn a thing or two about fashion and attitude , you 'd be well advised to check Ru out.Ru is more REAL than Barbie . What kind of twisted values are you trying to teach youngsters with Barbie ; her measurements are based on a middle aged white man 's fantasy . Ru is the real deal . Really .
 THIS IS THE TOY COMANY TO BUY FASHION DOLLS FROM.I HAVE ALL OF JASON WU DOLLS . THEY PUT MATTEL BARBIE TO SHAME . PLUS THEY TAKE CHANCES . THE WORLD IS NOT WHAT IT USE TO BE.AND MY HATS OFF TO INTEGRITY TOYS FOR GETTING A GREAT ARTIST TO BRING THE FASHION DOLL TO THE 21TH CENTREY . THIS IS THE FRIST BLACK DOLL THAT YOU WONT SEE LABLE BARBIE.WOW !!! AND THE MESAGE IS GREAT ON THE BOX . RUPAUL IS ALWAYS BREAKING GROUNDS.HE NEVER PLAYS HOOKERS.THIS DOLL IS THE FRIST TANNY DOLL THATS LOOKS LIKE A LOVELY WOMEN , NOT A MAN IN DRAG!PACKAGEING IS GREAT TOO.RUPAUL IS GREAT TO LET INTEGRITY TOYS MAKE HIS DOLL.MATTEL TO PURE TO MAKE A GREAT DOLL LIKE THIS.NOW I 'M TEACHING MY KIDS THAT ALL PEOPLE ARE LOVELY.AND LADYS LETS KEEP IT REAL , NOBODY LOOKS THIS GOOD BUT A TRANS GENDER !!!! THIS WAS THE RAVE A TOY FAIR AND AT ALL THE DOLL SHOWS I WAS AT . AND JASON WU IS A GREAT ARTIST . BUY THIS DOLL PEOPLE!THERES TO MUCH HATEING IN THE WORLD!BRAVO ! TOYRUS
 I love the quality of the clothes on this doll . The jeans are wonderful . The bustier fits beautifully . The make-up is just flawless . I did have to touch up the hair ever-so slightly . I can see her in a sexy one of a kind design.All in all an excellent doll .
 You say this doll looks like a transvestite ... WELL RuPaul IS a transvestite . Shes a very popular singer and ex talk show host . By the way if you do n't know anything about her , why even bother looking at/buying this doll in the first place ??? If you know who she is , all in all this is a wonderful doll and a great collectors item !!!
 It arrived in timely order , and everybody that played loved it . I am surprised it is n't available more readily.I do n't think they make it new anymore .
 I 'm a speech/language therapist and a mother of 3 . This game has entertained my 4 year old , 6 year old , and all of my elementary and high school therapy students . My own children play for hours at a time . My therapy students beg to play this game as the activity of the day . Kaboodl requires kids to problem solve , but in a fun way . There is also a competitive element where you can steal other players ' Kaboodl cards by playing a `` Ka-bam '' card . The other players can stop the steal by playing a `` K-bosh '' card . It is very fun and entertaining . BUY IT ! You wo n't be sorry !
 This game is a hit with my 11 yr . old son , who has moderate to high-functioning autism , and also with his 4 yr . old sister . My son needs to work on his language skills , and likes to draw , so it is therapy that he likes ! His sister also loves the game , and has no trouble remembering the story line as each person adds to the drawing/story board . The game/story is different each time , so it 's interesting to me to play along with them . The cards with the drawings help children to expand their topics , which is an issue with most autistic kids . The gameboard wipes off better if you use a paper towel as recommended , then wipe off with a damp paper towel .
 First of all , we love Harold and the Purple Crayon book . So we are pre-disposed to liking this game ... But I think most kids -LRB- and parents -RRB- will like this game for several reasons
 We got this for Christmas and have played it many times already . From an educational perspective , it develops the kids ` imagination , drawing skills and memory . From a fun perspective , it is an awesome game for the whole family ! It 's one of the few games my husband and I truly enjoy playing with the kids . I do n't know why they have an upper age of 6/7 - I would say more like 99 !
 We like this game . It gets the younger kids creating and feeling good about their creations . Cute !
 A warm game for folk of all ages . Pull a card , create a story , and relish in the fun evening.A new favorite !
 Very well made . Soft and cuddly for your stuffed animal lover . He has been a wonderful addition to my daughter 's collection .
 I bought this camel toy for my nephew because he is in love with camels after a day trip to the zoo and two camel rides ! He sleeps with this camel toy and carries it every where he goes . It is cute , adorable , soft and thus far it has been very durable !
 Our youngest granddaughter fell instantly in love with camels when she got to ride one at the zoo who just happened to share her first name . It was hard for me to find a cuddly camel for her -LRB- she 's only 21/2 -RRB- in the stores , but of course I 'd be able to find one online ! This camel is very cute , super soft and huggable and it came very quickly . I am more than pleased with this purchase and so is our little camel lover ! : -RRB-
 Really cute , very soft and cuddly . I bought the camel to be part of a birthday gift for a friend , as more of a punchline to an inside joke than an actual gift . But she actually loved it more than her `` real '' gifts . It was a great purchase and a good-quality product . It was a little misshapen at first due to having been wrapped in plastic , but just needed a little love to regain its proper form . I have to say , I got really attached to the little guy - kind of hated to give him up ! But the recipient really loved it . I just may need to buy another one for myself now .
 this camel was for our son who was deployed to the middle east and was used as a momento which he greatly enjoyed !
 McFarlane Toys never ceases to produce greatly detailed figures . Warrior Lilith is no exception.Spawn Series 23
 This latest angel in the spawn figure series is really a beautiful sculpt . She features two wonderfully crafted swords , a scaboard that hangs from her waist by two real chains , and a whip . I think the coolest part about this particular Spawn 23 series is the inclusion of a new base . These come with a cardboard mini poster that attaches to the base , and three pegs -LRB- two for the figure and one in case you loose one -RRB- that fit into any of the holes in the base so that you can place the figure as you choose . The base also rotates with the flip of a switch on the side . For those that appreciate the angels in all of the series of spawn figures , will really enjoy this one . True collectors will certainly enjoy this , hence the 4 stars for fun , but this is not a play toy , hence it not being 5 stars . I put 4 stars for educational value , after all , every man needs to know the anatomy of a woman , and 2 stars durability because you would not want to give this to your dog to play with .
 Actually I bought this for a collection of figurines I have . I love it , and it was twice as nice then the picture discribes . I LOVE ITWarrior Lilith
 My friend has always collected figures of did n't action figures of women . This will make a great addition to her collection and really is cute - I almost want to keep it !! Warrior Lilith
 I got this statue , lets face it these are nothing more than resin figurines , and I was very impressed with her detail . The paint and sculp is well above average and the price was great but as one reviewer mentioned , she is not what she seems . When it arrived I immediately noticed that she suddenly has a black bra on instead of the finger looking things in the photo here . I do n't mind this because nudity in toys is not my thing but if it 's yours -LRB- there is nothing wrong with that -RRB- be warned that the sculp changes from racy to chaste somewhere in the mail before you get the figure . Once again I do n't want to give the wrong idea that I think it wrong to want nude statues but I would want Amazon and it 's vendors to be honest in the image they display for those who enjoy a little fluff.Mcfarland has created a beautiful example of the famed Lilith and gave good reason why she could seduce the faithful into transgression . The hues of paint are darker than avertised but it does not affect her splendor . Also I like the fact she came with a base . I have noticed that many of Mcfarland 's creations , whether dragons , monsters or mayham , do n't stand as well as anticipated . It really is sad that many buy these to display and they have to be either propped up or fixed to something to get them upright . I would hope that the manufacturer knows this issue by now , especially since it has been a consistant problem and I 'm sure an ongoing complain by the buying public . I read about it over and over again but I still buy the figures because they are SO well done as far as sculpt and imagination . Perhaps this is why McFarlane does not bother addressing their illness . Well what can a fan do I suppose.Some of her accessories are fragile and can snap , either by our hand or hers . They may be touted as toys but a child could destroy them in minutes of rough play so I would not risk the purchase for them.Thanks for the time and I wish your collection the best .
 I just received this item , and on the ad from Puzzlezoo it shows 2 photos of warrior Lilith . One shows her in her complete outfit , and the other shows her topless.I thought the top came off but it does n't . I did not know there are 2 version and no where in the ad does it say so . I find it a little deceiptive . I ordered an other figure from the Spawn series and it also has photos of her topless I hope when I get it I wont be dissapointed . I do n't know whos fault it is , the seller 's or Amazon 's but if it happens again I am not buying anything else that shows them topless
 This 's one of the most detailed and beutiful action figure I 've seen . The details in the sword and in her body are unmatched . It 's very cool when you set it and she is reaching back for her sword.My only complain is that the chain that hold her sheath on her back broke the minute a took it out of the case . But it was only an open link , very easy to fix .
 this certain toy isnt for little kids due to its certain content/choking hazard / . But is great for spawn collectors alike . anyone who values there toys should get this one . the sculpting is awesome . . very detailed . the paint is superb and the figure is great all in itself . accompanied by many acessories . such as a whip two swords a sheath and a rotating base to put it all on . Mcfarlane Toys has never let me down so if you like exquisite work get this toy.Mcfarlane always surprises and never seems to let down
 While warrior Lilith may be a beautiful piece in the Spawn
 This toy rocks !!!!!! one of the coolest spawn toys made yet !!!! It 's very fun to wake up and see this thing before any thing else !!!!! really , really cool !!!! LOTS of detail !!! perfect fora chritmas !!!!!! Great story behind this toy !!!
 Great item ! The details are incredible ! You must see to believe , specially paying less than 10 buck on it . It 's the first of many i pretend to buy in the next months finally starting a collection of something and I 'm glad I started so good . The item looks so good that I 'm not even going to take it out of its plastic , it looks to good to just stay around collecting dust , this one will be a total collectors item . Maybe in couple years I will be selling this on ebay for a lot .
 If you like Spawn toys then you must get this one . He is the `` most powerful '' version of Spawn , so even if another Spawn is made in the future , that other model still wo n't be as powerful as this one.Not huying this figure is like buying a David Banner toy , but not a Hulk toy .
 These playing cards are the perfect deck , for any re-creator . Plus they are good for kids learning to count . They are coated so they do n't stick .
 I really like this deck , got it for atmosphere/effect for an RPG -LSB- Deadlands Hexslingin ' -RSB- - note that even though there are 55 cards in the deck , there are no Joker cards . Of the extra 3 cards , one is an original-styled Ace of Spades -LSB- kind of bluish ink with an eagle and stars -RSB- , and the last two are a fairly interesting history account of L.I. Cohen and his card-making business.I had a friend color up the `` history lesson '' cards as jokers , so this will work for me , but I figured potential buyers should know that there are no jokers here ...
 I purchased 2 decks of the Highlander Cards for my Faro Bank , once I recieved them I found them to be very slippery , other than that they are great ! Aside from the coating they are very historically accurate .
 Wow , they really used to play without the numbers/letters written on the cards - it takes some gettin ' used to . It 's a neat deck of cards though and an enjoyable experience . This was a birthday gift for a 13 year old and he loved it !
 I run a Weird West RPG with a card-based mechanic and I 'm always on the look-out for atmospheric card decks to dress-up the game and give the players a little value added enjoyment.With these I reckon I 've hit some sort of sweet spot . The pip printing looks like it was done on a low-budget press -LRB- but was n't -RRB- , the court cards have a one-way up , crowded artwork feel . None of the cards has an index in the corner , and those corners are square rather than rounded . The backs are also very olde-worlde in look . 10/10 . I 'm dropping a star because there are no jokers in the deck , and I need them . There are a couple of cards with a printed history of the deck on them and I 'll write `` joker '' on them , but it wo n't be the same .
 I bought these for my girlfriend as a gift . They are really nice cards and are vintage ! I like the look of them . I think they are more for a collection then to actually play with .
 Excellent cards ! I ordered these to spice up a poker party , and boy are they a cool vintage twist . Super quick shipping and good service , thanks and will buy again !
 I just received the cards , and I am very impressed with the quality of the reproduction of the artwork , as well as the stock and finish . Also , the information card is very informative , and adds to the card 's overall appeal . I wanted a reproduction like this , and after reading the reviews on this one and the others available on Amazon , I decided on this one as it got the best reviews . I 'm glad I did . Thanks !
 Omg my boyfriend requested this as a gift so i got him them for valentines day and the magic tricks his performs are amazing with these cards . So damn beautiful !!
 This deck is just all around a great replica deck . It mimics the card stock that was used in the historical deck as well as the artwork .
 My niece LOVES this doll and calls her Emily . She takes her everywhere . She has 3 , and I just bought a fourth because I do n't ever want her to be without one .
 Great first doll ! My daughter got her first for her 1st Christmas , at first it sat on her chest looking cute ! Then one day she asked me to get it down and that was all it wrote ! We are on our 5th doll . She calls it her little baby . She takes it every where and sleeps with it every night . Washes well ! Get doll !
 i bought it for my neice 's first christmas . she enjoyed it for about 2 minutes , them went on to the next present . i guess because it did n't have bells or whistles , it could n't keep her attention , but she is still very precious . maybe next year she will be able to appreciate her . -LRB- she 's not even one -RRB-
 Atleast in my daughters opinion ! I think its great for kids to have `` lovey '' toys , and my 2 sets of twins all have them . My younger b/b twins have matching puppies , and my older -LRB- 3 y. o. -RRB- b/g twins have a teddy and DOLLY ! I have 3 of these dolls . My daughter CAN tell the difference though . I have had this doll since she was born , in the car , stroller , and recently she moved to Maddy 's big girl bed . This doll is so pretty , she is soft too so a sleeping child can hug and love their baby doll . She is VERY easily spot cleaned , -LRB- trust me -RRB- . She is also washing machine safe ! -LRB- Shouldnt all toys ? :-RRB- -RRB- . This doll is deffinatly my daughters favorite , and i have had a few `` first dolls '' . Get this for your child too , they will love her ! -LRB- But get extras , you will need them ! -RRB- All in all this is a beautiful , soft doll that will deffinatly last for years to come .
 I purchased this doll for my now 7 month old daughter . She loves it ! It is so soft and light that it is easy for her to play with . The doll is pretty and easily ` spot cleaned ' . I am very happy with the doll , it made a perfect first doll for my daughter .
 We ordered and received this doll last week for our baby girl and I am SOOO glad we decided on this one . -LRB- Thanks to everyone who recommended her . Your reviews were most helpful . -RRB- This delicate , soft , lovely doll is sure to become a staple in our home . This was originally supposed to be from Santa , but upon seeing her in person , I wanted my husband and I to get credit for the gift our little girl is sure to cherish for years . She is the perfect first doll and I am way too excited about giving her to my little girl . -LRB- I had to go ahead and wrap her in order to keep myself from gifting her to our daughter before Christmas . -RRB- If you are looking for a soft , lovable first doll for your little sweetheart , please order this one . I have already ordered an extra to have on hand for back-up . She has the prettiest features of any first doll I have ever seen and is dressed in a lovely 2piece overlay dress of soft pink . Your little one will enjoy hugging , loving and squeezing her for a long time . I just ca n't wait for Christmas to get here now ! Merry Christmas to all !
 My daughter loves this doll but this was not her original `` Baby Doll '' . My husband lost the Carter terry cloth baby girl doll , which all four of my other children had and loved , and I could n't find another one . So I bought the Nuzzy Baby Girl doll and this one and prayed real hard that she would like one of them . She did , the Precious Baby Girl . I did n't think it was practical due to the dress and I also did n't think it would hold up . It also has 3 rosebuds sewn on it that made me very nervouse when my daughter was still an infant . I was so afraid that she would chew one of them off and choke on it , which was very possible because they become loose over time . I was correct as to it not being very durable . I am currently looking to purchase our fifth one because after washing a number of times it starts to fall apart at the seams and you can not repair it . My youngest daughter is only 3 . I only had to purchase 1 Carter doll for each of my boys and 3 Carter dolls for my oldest daughter who slept with hers until she was about 8 . I currently have 3 of these dolls on rotation and 2 of them need to be tossed because they 're falling apart . I 'm only rating this a 4 because my daughter can not go anywhere without it but I would rather have had another Carter terry cloth baby doll .
 I bought this doll for my daughter 's 1st birthday but she did n't care about it . Maybe it 's too small . hopefully she will like as much as i do .
 It was a shower gift . The recipient loved it . So did everyone else at the baby shower . The mother took the doll , and held it on her lap and said `` I 'll keep this . '' So cute !
 My little girl got the precious baby doll for her 1st birthday and has not put it down yet . She takes it everywhere and screams if it has to go in the wash . I recommend buying 2 of the dolls since my dau . is only 18 months old and her doll is faded and stained from all the love it has recieved . This is the best doll she has . She plays with other dolls all day but `` Baby '' is the special one .
 This is a great first doll . I purchased this for a baby shower gift .
 My daughter - now 14 months - has two of these dolls . One at home and one for day care . She sleeps with them and loves them!We got one as a `` new baby '' present and when she decided it was her favorite I bought a back-up . We 've washed them numerous times and have n't had any problems . One of the great things about this doll is that she 's so light ... any small child can drag her around with no problem . Definately a great first doll for any little girl .
 I bought this baby doll for my litle girl for Christmas and she will not let it out of her sight ! It is very soft , very light weight , pretty and easy to clean . I am terrified of loosing it so I 'm buying a few more as backups `` just in case '' . In fact my hubby wants us to give these to all the new baby girls born to our friends and family , he likes it so much ! Worth the money , it is a beautiful doll .
 My daughter , who is now 16 months old , received this doll for Christmas . It has since become her `` lovey '' . She takes it EVERYWHERE with her . It is very durable , when it becomes dirty I just throw it in the washing machine . It is the perfect size for a little one to cuddle with or to drag around . I am buying a second one in case we lose the one we have .
 This is a lovely little doll . My only complaint is that her few strands of hair stick straight up . I do n't know why this bothers me so much , but I 've tried everything to get them to lay flat . Another thing to consider - this doll has no visible ears , nose , fingers , or toes . I did n't really think about this one way or another before I bought it , but my daughter is learning body parts , and she is very upset that the doll is missing some . It 's kind of funny , but something to think about .
 My brother bought this doll -LRB- actually two -RRB- for my twin girls . The doll is really beautiful and very soft . I like the fact that the girls can chew on her and I do n't have to worry about them hurting themselves on hard parts . She is smaller than most dolls , which is great for little girls . I recommend this doll to parents as a first baby doll .
 I bought this doll after having bought her one of the other dolls made by Eden Dolls . She is soooo cute and soft . I would recommend this doll to anyone who was shopping for a doll . Another good thing about this particular doll is that you can toss it in the washing machine for cleaning . It 's NOT one of those `` surface clean only '' dolls . It 's a great doll .
 The picture does not do this doll justice ... she is really pretty and my 5 month old daughter loves her . Lots of places for an infant to grab onto and chew on .
 My daughter received this doll for her first birthday . Since then `` Ruth '' , she named her after a year of calling her `` pinkbaby '' , has not left her side . My daughter is four now , and `` Ruth '' has a few love runs in her feet from the constant washing , but I could n't imagine life without her . I know that forever etched in our memory , and in a lot of pictures , is Precious Baby Doll , -LRB- aka Ruth -RRB- .
 My 2 year old loves this `` baby doll '' . She received it for Christmas last year and has slept with it ever since . I think it is so cute . I plan on buying a few more for gifts .
 My mother gave my daughter this doll over a year ago when she was 2 . It goes everywhere with us and has been washed several times and still looks good . It is light , pretty , doubles as a pillow , and small enough to stuff in the diaper bag .
 Great gloves !!! I had no idea that reebok made big kids gloves , they are hard to find . I give them an A + .
 The Series 23
 The Lego Spybotics line is an easier and lower-priced introduction to robotics than the Lego Mindstorms series.ABOUT SPYBOTICS PRODUCTSSpybotics contains four robots -LRB- so far -RRB- . Each is designed to be strong in only one or two of the categories of speed , strength , and agility . That means that the user will have to learn how to capitalize on the vehicles strengths in a competition with other Spybotics vehicles . * Shadowstrike is a vehicle that scores high on speed and agility * Gigamesh scores highest on strength , but low on other * Technojaw is probably the most balanced , scoring quite high on speed but well on strength and agility * Snaptrax scores high on agility and strengthCOMPARISON TO MINDSTORMSThere are several key differences with Mindstorms : * Mindstorms is far more programmable ; there are even artificial intelligence algorithms available for Mindstorms so that the Mindstorms robot can learn * Mindstorms has more components that can be controlled
 This is not one of those toys that ends up in the back of the closet two days after a kid gets it . I got this set for Christmas , and played with it for months . In fact , I still play with it , even though I have had it for a year . Why is this toy so fun ? The secret is the included CD-ROM which contains ten missions to download to your Spybot . Parents , if you are looking for a way to drag your kid from the computer , this is it . The downloadable missions make this toy a computer game without the computer . There is only one fault . In trying to keep with a spy theme , Lego included the instructions for assembly on the CD-ROM . If your computer wo n't run the CD , or if you do n't even have a computer , you are stuck with a mess of Lego pieces . Lego should have at least included printed instructions , so if you ca n't get the software to work , you can at least have a cool robotic vehicle to drive around . Nevertheless , this is an excellent product , and I strongly suggest it for all ages .
 I know it says this toy is for 9 + years , but I bought one for my son 's 6th birthday and we love it . Of course he needed a bit of help with the building - the instructions on the computer are very impressive.The mission set up was not immediately obvious but we soon got the hang of it . We have had hours of fun going on missions.My son wants another Spybotics for Christmas so that we can go on 2 Spybotic missions . I am really looking forward to playing Spybotics on Christmas day . Someone else will have to cook Christmas lunch!I would imagine that an older child would absolutely love it . If you do n't have any children buy one for yourself !
 This toy is awesome . we got it awile ago and it was Awesome . Its Awesomeness is so awesome it makes you want to say AWESOME ! But , enough with the awesomes , Gigamesh may be the slowest , but he is the strongest . you do n't have to do the missions with the spybots , you can do alot more ! what I like to do is take off the sheets on my bed and then make them battle ! It is also kind of cool that he has the spinning saws but I do n't use that . And believe it or not when we play tag with three spybots , gigamesh is rarley it even though he has the weird , but unique cog system . SO , get Gigamesh ! :-RRB- -LRB- smiley face -RRB-
 The Spybots are a lot of fun . My ten-year old twins love them and even my six-year old had fun and was able to build one by himself.You might want to check out the book I have written called `` Lego Spybotics Secret Agent Training Guide '' .
 Gigmesh is really cool . it is a remote controlled robot , capable of going over near all terrain types . Extremely recomended .
 Absolutely agree with all 5-star reviews.Stupid Lego have discontuned all Spybotics.Mindstorms is financially & intellectually out of my kids reach.Spybotics retail AUD$ 115 , Mindstorms AUD$ 299 . Lego ... go rectify !!!
 Good product . Son put it together in one night and was fascinated by the electonics .
 I 'm so glad I picked this guy up . This has to be one of McFarland 's best figures . The detail is fa nominal and lots of accessories , articulation if fantastic too !
 This comes with a lot of stuff , severed arms for his back back , several guns , chains , and even his hat is detachable . No problems with the stand or and other durability problems and I 've had him for years ! A great McFarlane toy , as always .
 Very prompt delivery time , the package was secure and the figure was in perfect , c losed box condition . would happily buy from toy rocket again
 I am an adult collector , so the ratings for fun and educational value are low . I do n't think those are the target purposes anyway.Only articulations are the head , right arm and wrist , left forearm and both feet rotation.Excellent mold , the robe and hair detail are very nice . paint is minimal but effective . Facial expression and pose are very natural and the whole figure can be described as elegant.Yes , there are some anatomically correct features buried in the upper robe . With a little modification the figure could be made `` spicier '' . I took a star from durability because the earrings are very easy to lose -LRB- there 's one in my carpet somewhere now -RRB- . One star down overall because she needs better painting - specifically flesh and robe shadow and highlights.All in all , one of Neca 's best female offerings .
 I 'm very pleased with this purchase , the actual item looks much nicer than the photos . I 'm going to use it as a display piece , not a toy . Over-all a great buying experience I almost want to buy another one ...
 My 2 year-old has been absolutely obsessed with dinosaurs since seeing a large T-rex sculpture at the local science museum . He does n't like the dinosaur plush dolls that do not look realistic - i.e. the large-headed pink brontosaurus . He likes realistic looking dinos , and he absolutely loves the entire line of Douglas Cuddle Toys dinosaurs . They seem very made , and they have n't fallen apart or even faded in spite of rough play with them , sleeping with them , and of course spilling things on them .
 easy to put together , quick easy & fun for something kids can do on their own with friends after school or weekends my son is 8 , also you can buy kool-aid packets from store for different flavored
 Who does n't love spongebob ?? and snowcones ?? so the 2 together ? some might say a match made it heaven ! seems a little cheap but we still got snowcones out of it ! and the kids loved them !
 I 'm an 8 yr . old . I bought this with 1 day shipping yesterday . It came today . I had a virus so my housekeeper brought it to me when it came to the door . It was very easy to assemble it . The thing that older people had troble but I had no troube with was the cranking . IT WAS SOOO EASY !!!!! I rate 5 star on all 4 things to rate .
 its great my kids love it although we use plastic cups instead of the paperones because it less messy for my young ones but other than that its a great way to keep cool
 This is truely a wonderful toy !! My 5-yr old son got it for Christmas , and literally has asked to make sno cones every day for the first month ! He even took it to preschool for show & tell , and I cranked out the ice & the kids picked their flavor to make their own sno cones ! Yes you have to crank the handle to `` crush '' the ice , but it is no big deal - I did it in 15 minutes for 12 preschoolers . Very sturdy , durable , & DOES NOT REQUIRE BATTERIES !
 I thought this was going to be a piece of junk and a big waste of money , but boy was I wrong ! This thing works great and the sno cones are really yummy ! My kids ages 5 and 6 love it -LRB- although I do need to help them with the crank a bit -RRB- . If you are looking for a cheap sno cone maker for kids - this is a great choice !
 My son got this for his birthday about a year ago . He was then 6 and my older son 8 . They both loved it . It will make a sno cone , but as the other reviews said , an adult must be there and willing to do the cranking . I do n't mind to do this for a while , but my kids can eat a lot of sno cones ! So , it got old for me quick . I keep it hidden now and get it out when I feel like cranking out sno cones . It is cute . We did n't have too many problems with assembly . I do n't like the cardboard pieces that you use as scenary on the machine . They fall off when you crank and my son gets upset and wants them on there . Plus , they are cardboard and you working with ice , which turns to water -- which is I why I could only give four stars for durability .
 This toy reminds me a lot of the Snoopy Sno-Cone machine that I had as a child . I had to get this one for my daughter because she likes Spongebob Squarepants and I figured she would enjoy making snowcones as much as I did as a child . This toy did n't disappoint . My daughter LOVES to make snowcones and this machine is very easy to use . It works and it is a lot of fun.Perfect for any child who enjoys `` making '' things for themselves .
 This is a great toy for kids and teenagers . The snowcone maker makes a great Christmas gift for everyone on your list !
 My 6 year old had fun with this , once we figured it out . As a novelty it is fun , fairly solidly made for a plastic toy . And it works . But beware , as an adult you will be cranking the handle to crush the ice for the kids . It is hard to crank , even for me . And you better buy some dixie cups , it only comes with three . ANy juice , pop , or koolaid will work . Just fill the little bottle with a completed sweet drink to flavor the cones . THe device does not get sticky since you put the flavor in the cup of shaved ice and never in the device , less mess that way.If you want it for more than just a novelty and you really want snow cones on a regular basis , then buy a real electric one from Amazons kitchen store .
 Our 7 year old just got this for his birthday . He was so excited he went for making sno-cones before he even got a piece of his Spongebob Squarepants cake ! When it 's less hectic , I 'll have him mix the flavor ingredients himself .
 The Spnogebob snowcone maker is a great toy . The snow cones are very fun to make and also taste very good . The Snow cones were delicious , tasty , and scrumdidlyumpscious . Overall this is a very good toy . I would recomed it to all .
 My sister who is nine years old now , got this for her birthday from a friend . She used it right away , as 3 other nine year olds had been making and selling them . Everyone was trying to sell , and fortunatley , my sister , two friends , and I were doing the best . The reason why ? Our snow cone maker had made good , fluffy snow . The neighbor girls were jealous , as theirs made chunks of ice . Within 4 days , my sister 's snow cone group had sold over 100 snow cones ! Since we had two spongebob snow cone makers , -LRB- one from a previous Christmas -RRB- it was a little bit easier , but cranking was the worst . Plus , we also had been cranking on the cement , which resulted into lots of cut fingers -LRB- imagine doing one hundred ! -RRB- The group did not mind though , as the ages were 9 , 9 , 12 , and 11 . I do n't think kids younger than that could handle doing it outside.In cases of getting more customers than we did , i think you should get an automatic one .
 yes , the handle is a bit hard to crank for a younger child and an adult will need to help some , but that is half the fun ! my boys love this ... and they especially enjoy making sno-cones for the other if one of them is sick !
 My 3 year old son received this for his birthday . We have a great time making snow cones . Yes it might take a while , but what a great way to teach your child patience and an even better excuse to spend some quality time with them . We laugh and make up stories about spongebob until it is time to eat the snow cone . .
 when i got this toy for my birthday i looked at it and i could already taste it there so good its fun tasty and i would recond it 2 anyone
 First off , let me say that I am an adult spongebob fan!I bought this toy for myself about 31/2 years ago at Wal-Mart for about $ 10.00 . I 'm very conscious of what I put in my body , so I did n't use the powdered mix that came with this set.I have tried a few methods to make my sno cones . I have grinded ice and put juice on it -LRB- as another reviewer mentioned -RRB- , but I found that to taste very diluted.The best way that I have found is to use ice cubes made of juice -LRB- frozen juice cubes -RRB- and grind those . True , you will most likely have to freeze them overnight , but the juice cubes grind much easier than just the plain ice and the consistency comes out very smooth.I have also frozen pudding and jello cups in the freezer and ground those in the sno cone maker too . They are very tasty and add a little something different to the consistency.I was just thinking as I type this , You could probably cut some fruit into chunks , freeze it and grind those too ! Maybe yogurt as well ... I will have to try those.Of course , with those last few methods you have to wash the S.B.S.C Maker out , but it is very light and almost all plastic , so that is n't a problem . I just run it under the sink for a few minutes , and lay it on top of a paper towel to dry.Overall I like it . It is a bit flimsy , and sometimes it will move when I 'm turning the crank , but for the price I paid , I 'm not diappointed .
 This snow cone maker has been lots of fun . It is very durable for as much wear and tear as it gets . My children , 5 and 3 , can not turn the crank , so be aware that you , the parent , will have to turn the crank . It 's not hard , just a little tiring when they want one after the other . It comes with a little squirt bottle to put the flavoring in and a packet of flavor . I use the square ice cubes from my ice cube tray and it works great . We 've had it for about a year now and the kids still periodically ask for a snow cone . I would recommend it .
 I love the character spongebob and this is a easy and fun way to make snow cones once you get the hang of it .
 grandson makes a cone everyday . . he has fun makinh sno-cones for everyone . . easy to use and easy to clean . . perfect for small kids
 the only reason it didnt get 5 stars is becuz when the adult has to turn the handle it is too close to the table and your knuckles hit sometimes -LRB- and i have small hands -RRB- . also the little cup thingy has to be held up into the catch zone or propped if you dont have a second person there . THE KIDS LOVE IT . I FOUND THAT IF YOU FREEZE JUICE OR SODA IN THE ICE CUBE TRAY IT IS MUCH EASIER TO GRIND THAN REGULAR ICE ... AND THEN YOU DONT HAVE TO FLAVOR IT AT THE END OR WHATEVER , THE KIDS WANT TO USE IT EVERYTIME THEY SEE IT . I ACTUALLY PREFER IT OVER THE SLUSHY CUPS I ORDERED AT THE SAME TIME
 GREAT FOR THE PRICE!MY 7 YR OLD TAKES A WHILE LONGER -LRB- 2 MINUTES -RRB- TO TURN AND CRUSH , BUT MY 13 YR OLD CAN DO IT IN 30 SECONDS . WE USE CRUSHED ICE , CAME WITH 1 PACK OF GHETTO KOOL AID AND CUPS
 i dont like snow cones but my son and girlfriend love it its alittle hard to turn crank to crush ice but the cones taste good and makes everyone happy so unless you have the money for a electric one get this spongebob snow cone maker everyone will love it
 This little happy face makes them smile . The four year old makes the snowcones for the younger ones.She is happy to do so ...
 I was able to snag this for only $ 14 and it works great . Yeah , you do n't get mass quantities of sno-cones , but the kids loved it and I thought it was great for the price . So many other toys are way more expensive and of less quality .
 The price was great , the cranking is kind of hard for my children to do -LRB- 6 & 3 -RRB- but it is very cool gift .
 This is so much fun for my granddaughters who are 2 & 5 years old . We use freezer pops and they can even mix flavors , they just love it and I really enjoy doing it with them
 My daughter got this for her 6th birthday . She absolutely loves it . Yes , it is too hard for her to work herself , but it is fun helping her make them . The ice is very smooth and shaved . A great gift for anyone !
 This is something you will want to buy if you plan on spending time with your child , it is not something a little one could do alone . The reason I say this is that you have to put ice in the machine , crank away until it becomes tiny pieces for your sno-cone , something a little one could not do alone . It works and the children are delighted to pass out the little treats , but wow ... do n't expect quick mass production!All in all , I think it 's a fun sharing experience to use with a child , but not something that will entertain them without an adult being present !
 My name is Oscar and I am 7 years old . I just bought this with my own money . This is the best toy ever . The snow cone is the best snow cone I have ever tasted . You should buy this snow cone maker . The syrup tastes awesome . It was a little hard to turn the handle , but it was worth it .
 This sno cone macine is soooooo fun and durable ! It only take about 1 - 3 minutes to make a snow cone . Older people say it 's hard to crank . I 'm 8 and it 's sooooo easy for meee ! If you 're not gon na use the flavoring that came with the sno cone macine , I reccomend using hawwian punch . It 'll turn out great ! I ca n't wait to have a sno cone stand this summer !!!
 This was a birthday gift for my 5 year old grandson . He loves it andhe loves the snowcones it makes . It works pretty well with an adult doing the cranking and smaller ice cubes . My two year old granddaughter loves the snow cones too . The nostalgia value alone was worth the price-Spongebob was updated from the perenial favorite of Snoopy . I bought the Spongebob Dixie cups at the grocery store and premade the syrup so we were ready to roll on his birthday . It 's a hit !
 Great fun for kids and easy to use , and having one of the most popular cartoon characters ever is a plus .
 the model is highly posable and easy to put together . it shipped to me all the way in iraq and arrived without any damage . these guys rock .
 For those who like the gundam series this is one that can not be missing in your collection .
 My mom had bought this kit as a rainy day project . Since it rained this weekend I got to do the kit . I loved painting it with all the different colors . Having stencils helped me to decorate the bird house . While it was drying we went to the store and got some wild bird seed . We filled up the bird house and hung it from a tree outside . Now I can watch the birds come and eat from it . It is so cool to paint a birdhouse and then watch the birds . I am going to go to the library and get a book about birds so that I can identify the birds that come to eat . This was a fun project and I like that we hung it up and I can see birds .
 My name is Elizabeth and I 'm 8-I loved painting my own Bird Diner because my whole family likes to feed the birds . I especially made it for my grandparents because they get alot of birds in their back yard all the time-I hope the birds will like their new house !
 It 's soooo cute that everybody loves it . Very soft too .
 I bought this cow for my daughter and she absolutely adore it . The cow has great colors for newborn to look at and it 's very cudlly.We lost the cow last weekend and we are trying to buy it again .
 WE think all babies and children should have `` loviys '' , my 20 month old twins have the `` my firt puppy `` s and my new 4 month old has this ! He kinda picked it out , well out of all of his stuffed animals he likes this one the best . He really cant hold him , but if you hold him with him , he goes crazy , he babbles and chomps on his ears . We have dubed him `` tux '' because he is wearing black and white like a tuxedo -LRB- and its easy to pronounce ! -RRB- . He does have a little rattle in him , and my son just loves that . I even feel comfortable leaving tux in his crib , he is easily washable and we will definatly be getting more !
 Our little guy is almost 11 months old and this has been his favorite snuggle and teething buddy since he was about 4 months old . We named him Moo Cow and have made up all kinds of silly songs that rhyme with MOO -LRB- can you just imagine ? -RRB- . Moo Cow is a must at bedtime , washes beautifully , and is by far the best . Moo Cow even rides on the back of a remote control car to the delight of my son -LRB- who of course is n't controlling the car , my husband is ! -RRB- Baby also talks and signs to Moo Cow , has shredded Moo Cow 's tag and one of Moo Cow 's ears is n't quite the same as new . We 're ordering a couple more to rotate while in the laundry .
 I DO NOT LIKE HOW THE BOTTOM AND THE EARS ARE NOT SHOWN THAT THEY ARE A DIFFERENT COLOR .
 Based on a couple of reviews already here , I ordered this for my newborn son . I could n't give it 5s for Fun and Educational , because it just sits there , and tinkles when shaken , but my son giggles and tracks movements when I dance the cow in front of him . He 's started trying to chew on the Mr. Cow 's nose , and is learning to grasp it by the ears . The best part is that it 's machine washable/dryable , which makes the couple of blurp-baths my boy has given it nothing to be concerned with . And yes , it 's MISTER Cow , because it 's got no udder . My son -LRB- 3 mos old at this time -RRB- loves it . -LRB- Edit
 My daughter received this toy as a gift when she was born . She loves it ! We call him Beefy . My daughter is now almost a year old and she will sit in her crib with him when she wakes up and play with his tail or the hair on top of his head ! He 's so soft , she loves to hug him . And I love the fact you can just throw him in the washing machine ! Too bad you ca n't do that with more toys !
 My daughter loves this cow so much ! It is clearly her favorite . she sleeps with it every night and when I show it to her she smiles at it and grabs it and rubs her face against it . She loves to chew on it 's ears . I am buying a second one , just so she can have a back up `` moo cow '' should anything ever happen to hers .
 Our daughter received her cow as a gift when she was born . We began putting him in her crib at bedtime when she was about 1 month old . She 's loved him from that day on . She absolutely adores playing with his bell and talks with him endlessly in the morning when she wakes up . At bedtime she pets him and plays with his tail to fall asleep . He washes up beautifully and I ca n't recommend him highly enough . After 6 months of continuous companionship , we 're finally buying 2 more so we can rotate Moo through the laundry without any separation anxiety !
 It 's a great deal for the price . I was surprised at how soft it is . My 10 month old nephew likes to chew on the tail and rub it on his face . I definetely recommend it . It might even be good for a dog to chew on . It 's pretty much a chew toy for my nephew anyway .
 I ran across this cow while browsing baby toys one night and while it did n't seem too exciting to me , it was very cute and all the positive reviews got my interest . I ordered it for my little boy when he was about 3 months old , and he immediately took to it - he is now 7 months old and his little face still lights up and he squeals and kicks delightedly whenever he sees it . Sometimes the simplest toys are the best - I highly recommend the Over the Moon cow . Soft , cute and fun to bite on , I know your baby will love it too ! Not to mention it machine washes beautifully!Here 's a tip though - if you have a dog , watch the cow closely . The bell on the cow 's neck proved irresistable to our dog and he chewed it off one afternoon while we were out and mauled poor cow till it was limp . My fault for not putting it up ! LOL ! Needless to say , I am eagerly awaiting the delivery of cow # 2 , as is my searching little boy ! : -RRB-
 My daughter got this gift from a relative when she was 7 months old . Two months later it is still one of her favorite soft toys . She was immediately fascinated by its soft cuddly feel and loves to shake it by the tail , ear , leg etc. . She also explores it 's face with her hands when she is not chewing on the tail .
 This cow is the softest stuffed animal . I bought this for a friend 's baby for Christmas . When I opened up the package and felt how soft and cuddly he was , I said I wanted to keep him for myself !! I think any baby or child will enjoy having this stuffed animal . There is n't anything `` exciting '' about the cow , he will just keep someone company and provide a good snuggle !
 I do n't get to see my granddaughter play with this toy because she lives really far away , but my daughter-in-law has told me that she just loves her cow . It 's really soft and one of my grandbaby 's favorite toys -LRB- of which she has many -RRB- . I really appreciated the input from the other people who reviewed this toy prior to my purchasing it . It was a great help . If you have a baby to buy for , and just do n't know what to get , I highly recommend this one . I do n't think you could possibly be sorry . And , for ANYONE who does n't know what to get , at any time , I recommend reading the reviews of the moms , dads , and everyone else who takes the time to do it .
 My parents got this toy for my son pretty much when he was born . He didnt start playing with it until he was 4 months old . He loves it ! When I show it to him he smiles reaches for it . . than puts it right into his teething mouth ! He sits and chews on it for hours on end sometimes . If hes not chewing on it , hes fiddling wtih the cows ears and tail . I would get this for anyone who is expecting .
 I love the looks and the flight characteristics of this plane . It is easy to assemble and the materials provided are first rate . The only criticism I have is the small size of the fuel tank . It is about 8oz and it really needs to be 10oz , but there is scant room to modify the bulkheads to fit a Sullivan 10 Slant Tank . Using the Saito .82 I will set my timer for 5 minutes . After I get the motor leaned out , I should be able to go for seven .
 Yes , these take along Bob the Builder Toys are small , but they are well made and perfect to `` Take Along '' . We ended up taking our dog to the emergency vet clinic Christmas night . I threw four of these Bob the Builder Toys in my pocket for my 2 year old , and they kept him busy the full 2 hours . Grabber is his favorite .
 My 3 year old son loves the whole `` bob the builder '' collection . Having the magnetic lofty was a must ! He plays with these toys on a regular basis .
 My son loves Bob the Builder . But it seems that t is really hard to find the toys , because it is an old cartoon , of course , try to explain that to a 4 yrs old kid that want to play with it !! We had one that a friend of mine gave us but my younger son 21/2 broke it ... . so we have to buy this one even though it was really expensive . Actually it was grandma 's gift , since he cries a lot when saw his truck broken in 2 pieces . He loves it and have a lot of fun with it , but so far I wish they have a discount or something if you buy the whole set , of Bob 's friend . 1 by 1 is a fortune .
 My 3 yr old gson loves Bob the Builder and all the machines that goes with it . He likes Lofty . It is die cast metal so it is durable . The size is great for his little hands . Arrived quickly .
 My son loves Bob the Builder , so he is thrilled with these toys . They made of metal so they are durable . They are small ; they fit in the palm of an adult hand . I 'm happy with the quality but I think $ 20 is a lot to pay for this product .
 My son loves the die cast vehicles and Lofty is well-made enough that it stands up to the punishment he puts it through !
 My son loves this toy . He even holds it and observes the moving tails when it is making notices . Very funny . Also , I notice that some reviews mentioned `` easy broken , not working soon '' . Mine is working fine , And I needa adding this captions , it is plastic control rod , plz be gentle . I think I really this product . Cute
 My daughter and I both love this toy ! it 's adorable , and it works really well . The tail goes up and down to propel him through the water .
 This one works , it floats , moves when you wind it up , and entertains my kid -LRB- 21 months -RRB- in the tub .
 Purchased this for my 3 year old grandson . He loves it and it makes bath time so much fun . It actually works great unlike some other tub toys I have purchased . Thanks for a great product .
 This toy works well and my 1 year old daughter enjoys it . It actually moves forward and does n't sink like other bath toys I 've tried . It also has a longer wind up so the lobster can stay running for about 10 seconds or so . We are happy with this purchase .
 What a fun bath toy , my daughter is 6 months and loves the tail noise this makes out of water . In the water it is even better , very cute and simple .
 This is the second lobster that I 've purchased . It brings delight to the children who have received them . It works well in the water and they have lasted many years . The children have really enjoyed it while playing in the bathtub . A good quality toy .
 Just not enough room in your doll house ? Here is a quick fix . I was totally suprised when this item came with the master bedroom ! This is a great deal for about $ 15.00 . I have alot of fun with it . The best part is putting it together . This is a great value item and works great . Also works with Extreme Makeover Home Edition Line . This is a wonderful product !
 My kids and I love this game . We were happy when we found that there was a refill box -LRB- in a sense -RRB- that was available . New riddles , new task , new drawing pad . It 's great .
 Great game - we played this one alot when our kids were under 9 . The questions/activities were n't so interesting after about that age . Booster set helped extend the game life a bit .
 The Lego Spybotics line is an easier and lower-priced introduction to robotics than the Lego Mindstorms series.ABOUT SPYBOTICS PRODUCTSSpybotics contains four robots -LRB- so far -RRB- . Each is designed to be strong in only one or two of the categories of speed , strength , and agility . That means that the user will have to learn how to capitalize on the vehicles strengths in a competition with other Spybotics vehicles . * Shadowstrike is a vehicle that scores high on speed and agility * Gigamesh scores highest on strength , but low on other * Technojaw is probably the most balanced , scoring quite high on speed but well on strength and agility * Snaptrax scores high on agility and strengthCOMPARISON TO MINDSTORMSThere are several key differences with Mindstorms : * Mindstorms is far more programmable ; there are even artificial intelligence algorithms available for Mindstorms so that the Mindstorms robot can learn * Mindstorms has more components that can be controlled
 Bought this for my brother , who just turned 12 . He loves it ! It was fun for him to put together and loves the idea that you can program missions into it . The down side is you have to go to the website to get the instructions to put it together . You ca n't print them , so he had to sit in the family office and put it together , which was n't as easy . However , now that it 's together he loves running it around the house . It 's like a remote control car made of legos ! He has n't put it down since . This toy is great for young boys -LRB- even older boys , my fiance helped my brother put it together and they had to wrestle eachother to play with it -RRB- and provides them with hours of entertainment . I would recommend it for children over 8 or 9 because it does require a little inginuity to put everything together . All in all , fun for the family . My mom and I even got to play with it !
 We were disconcerted by the lack of printed instructions but a quick glance at lego 's web site told us the instructions were on the CD . Running XP we had no problem installing the software . My 9 year old son who has put together a lot of complex lego projects had no trouble putting this together , too . Then he followed the on screen instructions and it worked like a charm . A couple of false starts in running missions were solved when he retraced his steps and saw what he had missed . I watched him do all this while I was busy with some other work . I was ready to step in and help if needed but that was completely unnecessary.I also bought a spybotics book on amazon which I look forward to reading . Maybe we can expand the frontiers of what the spybot can do.BTW , we also the movie maker kit from Lego and had some trouble with its software but got email answers from customer support within 24 hours on the day after Christmas !
 My 10 year old son received this toy as a gift . When he first opened it and saw all the tiny pieces , he was a little dismayed . However , within 15 minutes he had the CD in the computer and was assemblying the spybot according to the instructions . Within an hour he had downloaded a spy mission . Later in the day had installed the sensors and had the spybot bumping and turning via its remote control . He has been enthralled by all the possibilities this toy provides . He has already asked for another of the four robots . I bought this in lieu of Mindstorm to gauge my sons interst and ability . Now I think he 's ready . This toy provides a great introduction into the robotics field !
 When I got this toy I thought it would be awsome.As it turned out It was!You get to design and program your own robot!Plus you can send it on missions and if your freind has one then you can battle each other.There lots of fun for any one over 7 . I highly reccomend it .
 When it comes to remote control toys , we as parents have seen our fair share of them end up in the trash . They either stop working or go through so many batteries you have to get a 2nd job to support the toy . Lego Spybots on the otherhand are worth their weight in GOLD ! We purchased two spybots aprox . 3 years ago for our sons -LRB- ages 9 and 6 at the time -RRB- . Our 9 year old put them both together on his own . They loved that they could program `` missions '' into the spybots . I love how the spybots take AA and AAA batteries . The batteries last for quite some time . If my boys play with them every day I would say the batteries last 1 month . Both spybots work as well as the day we bought them . That says a lot seeing as how boys in general are pretty rough with their toys . We ended up buying the other two spybots last Christmas . They only reason I gave the spybots a 4 on durability is that when they go flying down the stairs or crashing into the wall it 's possible that the `` laser '' or an accessory or two might come off , but the toy itself is ultimately as durable as a tank .
 I 've always wanted this toy ... AND NOW I 'VE GOT IT !!!! It is very cool to have if you want to battle or spy on your friends . I 've gotten to make my own spying robot to from the pieces !!
 I bought 2 of these for my two sons ages 5 and 61/2 , Gigamesh and Shadowstrike . The computer instructions were very simple , although many pages long , that my two boys put their vehicles together all by themselves ! I ended up getting another one , Snaptrax as my husband wanted one to play with the boys and my son did n't like Gigamesh as much as the many wheels make it slower than the others and a bit loud and bumpy on the floor . Overall we all think Shadowstrike is the best of the 4 . The only thing is not very `` durable '' for rough play . My boys like to chase each others vehicles and try to turn them over to `` lose the battle '' and then you have to put the vehicle back together again . The spy missions are few , so just fun to play with them as remote control vehicles .
 I THINK THAT THESE TOYS ARE INTERESTING BECAUSE THEY TEACH YOU HOW TO INSTALL A CD-ROM . THEY ARE ALSO VERY FUN TO PLAY WITH BECAUSE EACH ONE HAS DIFFERENT FEATURES THAT GIVES EACH SPYBOTIC AN ADVANTAGE IN BATTLE . THIS TOY IS ALSO PRETTY DURABLE . -LRB- BUT JUST TO TELL YOU , DO N'T DRIVE YOUR SPYBOTIC DOWN THE STAIRS BECAUSE ONE OF US DID IT ONCE AND IT BROKE AND HE LOST SOME PIECES SO HE COULD N'T REBUILD IT . -RRB- P.S. . THIS IS ALSO A VERY ENTERTAINING TOY
 I am a lego lover . I happen to have a lego spybotic . It is very fun to use . Once i got it i had no clue to what it was like . -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is very useful for the person with out a clue . That was just a tip.Lego spybotcs are fun but are they worth the money . The missons are king of corny and some of the misson need two people . If your son or daguater is buying one i suggest you talk with the childrens parents in the neghibor hood . Also the toy is fun for about two weeks then the speacailness wears off . It sits in the corner of the room picking up the dust . Usually because the toy is hard to use . It is so complicated . If person you are buying it for is in to spying then i highly suggest it . It is very fun and is enjoyable . Please do n't let my review stop you from making your child happy .
 In searching for wedding shower accessories , I found this bear , and will present it to my son and future daughter-in-law at their shower . It is in keeping with several other wedding shower accessories I purchased on Amazon . It is of high quality , and the colors and accents are beautiful . It will create a lasting memory .
 It was exactly what i was looking for . used it for a Wedding Gift for a basket . It was a big hit . Service was very prompt .
 used this product at a wedding ... worked great . also used the TY Beanie Baby - GROOM the Wedding Bear . husband and wife enjoyed the game .
 I purchased this Bride Beanie Baby Bear , for a bridal shower ; I think the bear was adorable , for such a low price ! I loved the veil , with a little face veil that came forward , and the roses around her neck . I made a boquet of small white silk flowers , tied her hands together with 1/8 '' wide satin ribbon , and put the boquet in her arms . She was the hit of the ShowerI was aalso very pleased to have received the package within days of having ordered it .
 Somebody made something like this . The beads are covered in a `` Post it note '' type material . Kids can mold it into any shape but since it 's not slimy like Floam or Playdoh it does n't get on the furniture or carpet . This is great if you have kids but still like to have nice things .
 Our daughter -LRB- age 9 -RRB- first came across this product while on a play-date at a friend 's house . She described it as Playdough that looks like Space Ice Cream -LRB- bits of what looks like colored styrofoam beads that coagulate like cottage cheese -RRB- that did n't get hard . We later found that it was called the `` Space Lava '' and found it at toy many local stores but found it to be quite pricey . When we found it on Amazon in bulk at a bargain , we just had to get it . My wife has given many of it away in party favors and the recipients always appreciate it -LRB- especially parents after they find out how their kids enjoy it and how much it is -RRB- . I think we 'll keep our Amazon purchase a secret for a while ...
 If you are truly a doll collector you will love RuPaul . The detail is wonderful . I love Silkstone Barbies , however they do not compare to RuPaul . I can not wait to sew for this girl .
 I came across this doll when shopping for Christmas and I knew the moment I saw it that it would be perfect for a friend of mine ... when it came in and I opened it I was a bit jealous ... I want one too !!
 The ball takes quite a while to break in . After first , the ball is quite slippery . However , after breaking the ball in it provides the most consistent feel for both dribbling and shooting . The ball becomes slick when both the player 's hands are dry and the ball is dry . Unlike other synthetic balls that become slippery when wet , this ball actually becomes more tacky after getting a little moisture on the ball as exemplified by Steve Nash 's finger licking while coming down the court . Also , the ball is most consistent and has the best feel on clean courts and in warm , humid environments . The ball does not play well when it is very cold . I have played with every ball on the market and I can firmly say this is the best ball out there . However , the trick is to persuade your friends that is the best ball ... many players who are used to synthetic balls do not care for the firmness of the old , `` classic '' NBA ball . BEST BALL ! Lasts significantly longer than synthetic balls as well .
 What can you say about a basketball . It 's the best that you can buy . It 's what the NBA pros use . Of course the only thing is that this ball is strictly INDOORS . Any outdoor use will ruin the high quality leather .
 The picture does not show the detail to discern the type of Spalding basketball for sale . The ball was returned for a refund . I do appreciate the refund but the same picture is still being used . The picture should be changed to show the -LRB- Classic -RRB- symbol on the ball .
 I really do like this ball but initially you will be surprised by it 's feel . This ball does n't come really soft like many other balls do . When the people around the NBA talk about it needing some break-in time they are right . If you have ever had the experience of breaking in a brand new full grain competition Leather football , I would say it would be very similar to that . This ball is n't as `` grippy '' as a Spalding TF-1000 , which has always been my favorite basketball . I think with some time though and use , I think this ball will be better than the TF-1000 but I am not to that point yet .
 I looked at many play kitchen accessories , and I purchased this set because of all the included items in the set . The set I purchased had all of the items listed above , but Bella 's set also had a Pressure cooker pot ! Talk about having everything for her little kitchen!I wanted the translucent colors shown in the picture , which is not only more gender neutral but cooler , but opaque yellow , pink and aqua was the only option I had . Overall , I 'm pleased with the purchase and so is my 19-mos . daughter .
 I bought this set for a friend 's 20 month old daughter . She is a little younger than the recommended age but when I received it in the mail it looked great . We did take out the knives and forks but there were so many other pieces she never missed them . Overall , it was a great gift . She has n't put them down yet and now she has something to cook along with Mom .
 I got this to go with a play kitchen I got for my son . It had a nice variety . I wish it was more gender-neutral , but I got it anyway and my son enjoys it regardless of color , of course !
 We purchased this set for our 23 month old for Christmas . She absolutely loves it ! The teapot is her favorite . She opens and closes the spout and then pours tea for all of her babies . I highly recommend this product . As far as the colors , we got the bright non-transparent colors . It is a non-factor .
 This is a great set . I purchased this for two of my grandchildren ages two and three for Christmas . My daughter had bought the kitchen set up from Pottery Barn . The cost of the dishes for the Pottery Barn kitchen were very expensive and beyond my budget . Yes , the colors are bright but they are very pretty . You will need to get batteries for some of the items . The coffee pot actually sounds like it is percolating when you turn it on and the mixer actually turns . My daughter and her husband set up the kitchen with the dishes Christmas Eve . Having the dishes set up just completed the kitchen and it looked fantastic . Needless to say , my grandchildren loved it when they came down stairs Christmas morning to see what Santa had brought !
 I ordered this set for my granddaughter because of the translucent colors - very subtle and pretty . That is not , however , what I got . The set I received is bright blues , yellows and reds and is not translucent at all . I do n't understand why a substitution was made . The only reason I am not returning it is because it is still a very cute set with a lot of kitchen tools in it . Believe that this is not a a good practice for this company ... switching things on customers .
 this is a cutie kitchen.the colors are bright nice.you should buy this because of all the kitchen tools.they are really great !
 This is a great set , with multiple activities in one ! My daughter has really enjoyed `` lacing '' the board , which I did n't know that she would . The only complaint I have , is that the board is foam verses plastic .
 I decided to purchase a peg board that was a hard surface and not the flexible kind . Unfortunately , the pegs fall out of the holes very easily , so does not seem to be very challenging for my daughter -LRB- 21 months -RRB- . She does play with it , but I wish the pegs fit better into the holes .
 my child has had this toy for 2 months and is now 10 months old . i mounted this toy on the wall so that my child would have something to play with that is n't on the ground as the rest of his toys are . here are the benefits of this toy : - helped bring his awareness and gaze off the ground where 90 % of other toys are -LRB- because i mounted it on the wall -RRB- , strengthening his neck muscles and trunk , helping to bring his arms up and away from his body - fine motor - helped improve his grasp as the pegs are really easy to hold onto in his hand - helped strengthen his grasp because they take a little effort to tug out - fine motor - tactile input of the holes helped him learn to use his pointer independently - putting his finger in the holes on the board and the pegs - oral motor - taught him how to blow through the pegs - some make a slight whistle noise - cognitive - i lined the pegs on the floor two feet apart from the living room to the bedroom and he followed them - `` kaboom '' - stack the pegs up high on the floor and taught him to knock the tower down - pull apart - improved grasp and shoulder strength by pulling these pegs apart - tries to put them back together but is n't there yet - has learned to twist as he pulls them apart - can hang other toys like rings on these pegs which serve as hooks when the board is mounted - can put the pegs in a clear container and teach him `` in '' and `` out `` have n't even gotten to stringing the toys together with the shoelace it comes with , have n't gotten to counting or colors either as he 's still too young to really get that . great toy if you have the time and patience to be creative and teach the baby . plus the colors are great and my friends without kids think this is akin to mod art in my living room .
 The pegs do n't stack easily on top of each other as well as on the yellow board . This yellow board is made of soft plastic and is not stable on surfaces . They may be more fun when threading a cord through them , but stacking proves difficult even for adult .
 I bought this for my toddler twins to help them with their fine motor skills and it is definitely worth it . We are starting to work on colors and even though they do n't know the names to the different colors , they have learned to put all of the pegs of the same color together.They like stacking them as high as possible . The other side has some shapes drawn out but I do n't really see a use for it since there are n't enough pegs and holes to actually really make the shapes with the pegs . I 'm not sure if anybody can understand this.Either way , the pegs are nice and big but not too big . The not-so-good thing is that some of the pegs do n't fit well together . Some pegs can barely be put together while other ones fall apart right away . It also does n't hold my boys ' attention for very long , 10 minutes at the most , but they do pull it out quite often.I would recommend this peg game to anybody that has a child with busy little hands .
 I purchased this toy a few months ago to add to my homeschool rotation for the little ones and it 's been a great investment.It 's a simple toy , but it has multiple uses . Putting the pegs into the mat , stacking them , and lacing them are all great activities for working on fine motor skills . You can also use the pegs for teaching counting , sorting , colors , and shapes . With older children you could also use them for some math concepts such as early addition or comparison . -LRB- If you have three red pegs and two green pegs , how many are there all together ? Which stack of pegs is highest ? Which is shortest ? How could we make them the same ? -RRB- The board itself is made from a thick rubber foam . If you have one of those foam puzzle floor mats , it 's the same type of material . The pegs are a heavy plastic and large enough that I 'm not overly concerned about them being swallowed . One side of the board is blank . The other side has six shape outlines that each hold a different number of pegs -- great for introducing shapes and counting . The box also includes a short pamphlet with some other ideas of learning activities you can do with the set . My kids have really enjoyed this and I 'd highly recommend it .
 Sorting , stacking , counting , lacing are just some of the ways my two and four year boys play with this . Grandma is a retired 2nd grade teacher and commented on what a fun and educational toy it is . Good value .
 I bought this toy for my granddaughter when she was a toddler . It became an immediate hit . She has lots of toys at home with lights , sounds , etc. . I prefer that she plays with toys that require thinking and imagination , not batteries . She loved being able to stack the pegs to her height -LRB- and above with some assistance -RRB- . The pegs are easy for little ones to hold and stack . My grandchildren are now 2 and 4 and they both love this toy , fight over it . They like filling the mat , rearranging the pegs in color patterns or order , stacking in columns of different heights . It is quite stable and tips only if the tower becomes very high . Because the mat is flexible it allows the columns to sway without tipping until they decide to crash them to the floor . This toy is one of my better purchases .
 I LOVE these because they do n't fall out when you move or pick up the base . The other set we had had a plastic base and they 'd all fall out . My daughter can toss it around or tip it over and they do n't fall out . They are great for fine motor skills . Also great to lace onto a string : o -RRB-
 This is a great toy for fine motor development . It is also great for teaching colors , patters , numbers . It 's a no frills kind of toy , but a must have in my book .
 My 41/2 year old daughter loves this new system from Lego.We discovered it earlier this year when traveling in Denmark.I highly recomend it to anyone who has a girl seriously into anything princess and loves to play with lego .
 When I discovered that Lego actually had a line of toys specifically aimed at girls , I bought every set in the Belville line that was available . I 've been waiting for this forever ! My 4 daughters -LRB- ages 10-2 -RRB- love them ! I love to play with them , too . There are so many little accessories that they can pretend with ! They spend hours creating new scenes and stories with them . I wish I would have had these as a kid . They are very durable and when my daughters have girls of their own , it will be the most popular toy at `` grandmas house '' . -LRB- There 's no way they 're leaving my house until I pass on :-RRB- -RRB- When other sets become available , I 'll be the first in line to buy . I consider these a collectors item that any girl would treasure forever .
 My grandniece has been playing with these since Christmas . She calls it sewing , but there are so many other topics that can be covered with this educational toy such as shapes , colors , sorting , manipulatives . Great toy ...
 First I will say that I thought this set was a little over priced for a few buttons -LRB- okay , quite a few -RRB- and some laces . That said , there are so many possibilities with this set and it is appropriate for so many age levels , I still give it a high rating . The buttons are very sturdy and there is good variety , so my 2 year old can use it to practice fine motor skills -LRB- lacing -RRB- and sorting , and my 4 year old can use the set for sequencing and math . I like materials we can use in a broad variety of learning situations and for many years and this is one of those .
 This toy is n't made the best . It does n't fold up into a sturdy toolbox like it is supposed to , but it is still around and played with a once or twice a week by both of my boys -LRB- 5 and 21/2 years -RRB- three years after santa delivered it !!
 We just bought this for our 21/2 yo son , who tends to be very rough on his toys and we have not had many problems at all . The only issue we have had is the track coming apart , but we have it on carpet , so we expect that . Other then that , nothing else has happened except my son has a blast with it !
 Overall , I was satisfied with the figurine ; but there was what appeared to be a partial fingerprint in brown paint on the back of the jersey .
 Cranium 's Booster Box 2 is chock-full of more zany Cranium cards and contains four tubs of the modelling clay instead of just one . In fact , BB2 has the same content as the new `` Cranium Primo '' -LSB- money -RSB- but without the embossed , ` collectible ' game tin and clay tins . If you 've exhausted your original Cranium cards and the first Booster Box , you 'll want to consider either the new Cranium Primo set with the complete game in ` upscale ' packaging , or the Booster Box 2 which is just the cards & clay . In both Primo and BB2 -LRB- the cards are the same , remember -RRB- there are four tubs of clay to allow enough for all 4 teams to compete simultaneously in the new `` Sculptorades . '' True Craniacs may insist on the fancy Cranium Primo package , but we 're happy to add the two Booster Boxes to our original Cranium set . For -LSB- money -RSB- we have `` Cranium Primo '' just without the bells & whistles !
 I love the game Cranium , and still do . However , I was upset when I received the box of cards thinking they would be all new ; only to discover within minutes that they are the same cards as Cranium Primo edition . I was upset that this was not listed anywhere on the website . If you have Cranium Primo and are looking for new cards , try Booster Box 1 .
 I loved the addition of extra cranium clay for club cranium sculptoraids . The questions are a bit more challenging in my opinion which is fun .
 I love Cranium , so the Booster boxes are a real bonus . Now if I could just find large groups of people who want to play all the time ...
 We love CRANIUM ! It make you think if you want to win . I love how it uses all your learning modilities so play ... It helps you develop your talents and hone your skills ...
 I volunteer at a social service agency and we love to play Cranium . After a while , we had been through all of the cards and started to get repeats so I bought the booster and it has been great .
 This product is great . It 's just what the description said it 'd be . it came to me new and in perfect condition .
 I love this game ! Adds more flavor and fun to the whole Cranium Experience . I bought the orignal Cranium and love it so much I went out and bought the booster box 1 and 2 and it was worth it .
 The paints did n't work at all . The fish was poorly made and was torn in pieces within seconds . We did n't get everything shown in the picture . And the colors leave a disgusting mess in the bathtub . I 'll stick to regular colors , pencils , and pens for drawing . This would be educational if the items actually did what they are supposed to do .
 I got a similar kit a year ago for my 2 year old . She loved being able to draw on the walls , and these crayons left crisp clear , bright lines , unlike some soap crayons . They washed off of skin and tile easily with water , but stained some rubber ducks . Now 3 , the crayons are all used up . I know that crayons are packaged individually for sale , but apparently Amazon only caries the large kits . This seems to me like it will lead to a stack of duplicate sponges and toys as I replace the crayons each time .
 My 14 month old was so excited to use the crayons he squealed and kicked his legs with excitement . Just watching his face as he marked the tub wtih crayons and watched every stroke with curiousity . Better deal than the set in the bucket plus free shipping ! Plus a child who has just been shown the tub is a fun and creative place to be . Bring out the artist in your child . Get it you wo n't regret it .
 bought as gufts and the feedback was greathours of fun and different
 My daughter is 14 months old and loves to play with this toy.The mobile part is very loud and could be more of a sleepy song but my daughter loves it . It is easy to put together . My daughter gets in there with Annabell , I wish they had a firmer mattress that hide 's the slots but my daughter has so much fun with it . It is on the expensive side.The colours are nice . My daughter likes to pull it around also . She has a lot of fun . I would n't buy this again , I would look into one with a firm mattress so she could climb in and out of .
 i got this for my b-day and i i like it alot it is just did n't know what to do with it that is why i gave it 3 stars for funlike some other reivews the matteres was n't thick enoughand things on it like the head bourd could fall off that is why i gave it 3 stars for durable and the educational valus were kind of low but i would still recomand it to my friends enen though with ny closet door shut i can still here the mobil
 GREAT JOB , ZAPF!I did n't know you could get a pink cot with a canopy and REAL WORKING mobile ! I 'm sure any Annabell doll would love to sleep in it ! I have a wooden rocking cradle and a travel cot , which is enough , so I probably wo n't be got this , but it still looks MARVELLOUS !
 I really LOVE the idea of a canopy for Baby Annabelle it 's brilliant !! I myself own a baby Annabelle ! Wow Zapk Creation !! Keep up the good work !!!!!!!!!
 For parents looking to buy this for their child keep in mind this is a MODEL KIT and when assembled is FRAGILE and includes alot of SMALL PARTSBig fan of Gundam Wing . Alot of people do n't realize how rare it is to find these model kits , or any Gundam genre memorabilia pre-2001 . Most of these items are in fair to poor condition because when this stuff was really big , I was twelve . Amazon 's Gundam selection may not be the greatest , but I have to say the quality of the older items beats out E-bay
 This is a very nice kit . I already have it detailed and painted : Dbut NOTE TO SELF
 Mad Dash is a board game that is easy to travel with and play at restaurants , while camping , or at the dinner table at home . Best suited for ages 8 and up the concept is simple
 I bought this because a friend of mine loves teddy bears and butterfly 's . She opened it and was just so in love with it from the instant she saw it.It is extremely soft and relatively small but a great gift for that sweet someone or little one in the family.Highly recommended .
 Got this art set for my 8 year old daughter , opened the set and was very happy with what I saw for the money spent on it . It has a stencil , 3 pads of paper , a bunch of gel pens , paper clips and more . The pens are n't full size like her older sister has however , but I do n't she will mind at all . This set is going under the tree for Christmas morning . I 'm betting she 'll love it . Perfect for any gel pen enthusiast .
 Douglas Toys Green Dragon . Well made , great color combination
 This dragon is beautiful , the right size and very soft . The green/gold color is beautiful . Great item for our dragon collection . This is also a wonderful gift for a child that does n't chew on toys anymore . Great to sleep with . I would order it again from the seller .
 After having misplaced my beloved dragon Snort about a year ago , I decided to get another small toy dragon to sit on my new `` How to Train Your Dragon '' bedding . I 've always liked the bigger red and blue dragons , but they always were a little out of my price range.I decided to get Flashing Sword . Upon opening the package , I was immediately smitten with him . The olive green is more subtle than his ruby , jade , and gold cousins , and he has marbled purple fabric on his front legs . His velvety fabric shines in the sunlight.He does n't look scary , but he does n't look cutesy either . He looks ... regal . If I had kids or nieces/nephews , I would not hesitate to give them one of these dragons as a gift ... provided I kept one for myself . Also , this dragon is machine washable , which is a big plus for a children 's toy.Well , I liked Flashing Sword so much that I think I will finally break down and buy the bigger red and blue dragons .
 I actually bought this for my husband because he was born in the year of the dragon . The expression on this dragon ` sface is what caught my eye and won me over . I was pleased by how soft it is and the detail is really well done . Ido n't know how well it would stand up to a young child 's playing , but for someone older who likes dragons , this onestands out .
 My children have all of Douglas ' small dragons in this line , gold , blue , red , and now this green . -LRB- As well as most of the small stuffed horses . -RRB- They love to play with them together . Douglas makes wonderful stuffed animals and this one is no different . Very pretty and just the right size , not too big to store , but big enough for little hands .
 Praying Mantis PuppetThis is an AMAZING hand puppet , much more animated and lifelike than it appears in the photo . It is fairly large and could be frightening to very small children . But it is fun for dancing , dialog and anything that calls for a show-stopping character ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These crayons are wonderful . My 21/2 year old daughter loves to color . She also likes to color with one crayon for a couple of seconds , set it aside , and pick up another one . Since there are 100 of these crayons , she can do this for a LONG time before she runs out of crayons ! There are lots of beautiful colors , too.Also , since crayons inevitably end up under and/or in furniture , broken , or lost , it 's nice to have lots of them -- she never misses the ones that are AWOL . Fewer crayons disappear in this set , though , since they 're in zippered compartments -- much easier to manage than cardboard boxes that get squished and ripped and just are n't as good at keeping crayons inside them.I really love the portability of this crayon set . It 's useful even in the house , but it 's really wonderful when we go to restaurants , to relatives ' houses , etc. . There 's no need to pull out a baggie to put crayons in when it 's time to leave the house -- just pick these up and go!And , of course , this set also gives small children practice with Velcro and zippers.Highly recommended !
 I love dragons and this one is no exception . Perfect size for anyones collection or children -LRB- I have both -RRB- . Enjoy !!
 This dragon is beautiful , the right size and very soft . The purple color is beautiful . Great item for our dragon collection . This is also a wonderful gift for a child that does n't chew on toys anymore . Great to sleep with . I would order it again from the seller .
 My wife liked this a lot . I got it for her as a stocking topper . I run a D&D game with her where she has a purple dragon , so this topper was appropriate . Nice dragon . It 's a little small but overall a good toy any dragon lover would like .
 My 3 year old daughter loves art . She found this in a toy store and I did not want to buy it because it was a little pricey for art supplies . But she has really enjoyed this . It has a little bit of everything in it . She has used up almost everything in it . But she still uses it to organize her other arts and crafts stuff .
 It is really expensive for what it is . I have to say my children love it , esspecially since we can put it in the middle of the table and everyone can take what they need from it . I love that when we are done you can put everything back and stick it on a shelf . However , for the supplies you get it IS expensive . The tote itself is nice but not worth more than $ 5 , add the supplies to it , maybe I could see spending $ 10 . However , if you catch it on sale I would pick up a few , they make great gifts .
 Sometimes it 's worth spending a little extra to take advantage of a termendous idea like this one . Other reviewers have suggested getting it on sale -- they definitely have a point . I 'm all about saving money.However , if you need a gift by a deadline , spend the little extra now because the child you buy this for will make excellent use of this Alex Dot to Dot Art To Go Art Travel Tote Full of Art Supplies . The organization is great , and you will re-fill it over and over again with whatever art supplies you wish as the others are used up.Grab this wonderfully organized basket and have everything you need to work on your current project ! The design encourages kids to return items to the proper place -- all in all , not a bad lesson in life!Fun and educational !
 Great quality . Good tool for children and parents to collect and maintain all those little pieces
 My son is 5 and obsessed with the solar system . This toy is probably designed for older kids , but if you have an advanced preschooler or kindergartener , they will also enjoy it and it 's a toy they can grow into . All in all , a good buy .
 The chihuahua is very cute ! It came within days of ordering and made a great gift . I would order from here again .
 Paco is just cute!Quality is great , really soft and has an adorable facial expression . It has become my daughter 's favorite stuffed pet . Definetevily a great buy !
 My son loves this puppy ! When it arrived it was much larger then we had expected , which was a nice surprise . Very soft and cuddley . Great quality . Fast shipping from sender .
 It was a lot larger than i thought it would be , which was great.The stitching is on point , and it looks adorable.My niece loved it !
 This chihuahua is so very cute and soft ! It was a real hit with our granddaughter . Very nice quality -- a great find .
 This chihuahua was really cute . I got two thinking I would give the cutest to the 4-year old granddaughter and the keep the other for me when she comes to visit . She has n't even seen Paco yet . When she does I am sure she will fall in love with him too .
 My daughter received this for her 9th birthday . She also has the Backyard Safari Bug Habitat as well as the Safari Bug Vacuum . We did n't bother to order the tadpole , since we have a pond close by that we could gather tadpoles and small -LRB- 1 inch -RRB- peeper frogs from if we wanted.Rather than use this as a `` frog '' habitat she uses it to house her salamander `` Sally Mander '' , who is 11 cm . long . We fill the water container only 1/2 to 3/4 full , and added a few rocks so `` Sally '' could hide when needed . Since the salamander is slender , `` Sally '' can climb between the water container and the interior shell and not get caught or hurt . She even climbs the sides of the tank and takes an occasional swim through the water . We use the Safari Bug Habitat and vacuum to catch and store bugs for `` Sally '' and my daughter also uses the Bug Habitat to keep her salamander in while she cleans out the water tray from the Safari Frog Habitat . We have had frogs before and have the best luck keeping them in an aquarium designed as a terrarium with live plants . `` Sally '' seems quite content and loves being in her Backyard Safari Frog Habitat . I suppose it would work quite well as a home for newts too ! As for keeping frogs , it appears from other reviews on this product , its not the best .
 I bought my tadpoles from -LSB- ... -RSB- It costed $ 7.99 no tax . Well I moved my tadpoles to a10 gallon aquarium when they were froglets . Mydaughter called the habitat `` The tadpole nursery . `` Well I plan on buying more tadpoles soon.Thanks for reading !!!!!! :] :] :] : -RSB-
 This is one of my favourite metallic puzzles.Its simple , sturdy and symmetric design made it my figit toy of choice while studying/reading . Each piece is slightly smaller than the palm of your hand making it easy to manipulate even when not paying much attention . The metal is also strong enough to resist malforming in those frustrating moments when you think you 've got it , if only you push a little harder ... If I had to make a complaint about this puzzle , it would be that it makes more noise than most while playing around with it.I will definitely be looking into similar puzzles by ThinkFun .
 This thing comes separated and you have to put it together and then try to take it apart . I put it together in like two minutes . I still , after maybe a year still have not gotten it apart . But , I will keeping trying ...
 when i first got this toy i did n't know what to think of it . it realy is fun for boring car trips and it also dobles a jewlery . It really is a good thing for using to problem solve . I would recomend this toy to any one . -LRB- ecept the kids under 3 because it is a choking hazard . -RRB-
 Our 9-year-old saw one of the kids at school play with this . So of course the nagging started as soon as we got home . Fortunately , I remember this puzzle since when I was a kid and had no problem giving in ... : - -RRB- Also : - it is inexpensive -LRB- unlike the playstation and x-box -RRB- ; which is a huge benefit , since we have 3 kids and things like this have to be bought in triplicate - it is made of metal , so that even our 5-year-old could n't break it - IT IS GREAT FUN
 This is a great game to carry with you when you go out . I bought it for my 4 year old son initially because he likes the 3x3 puzzle game we bought for him before . This one is a little more challenging than the 3x3 puzzle but overall my boy still likes it when he moves the number around . He does need a lot of help to solve this puzzle . I have a lot of fun playing it myself and would carry it to play sometimes when I go out . Overall this is a great toy for both adults and kids .
 This puzzle was and still is a winner . Some things never change and this one is still great . I 've givin an extra star for the nostalgic `` retro '' attention to detail .
 I had this puzzle when I was young & now my grandson is enjoying it too . Some toys have lasting value .
 A well made product . Fun for the nostalgia buff . Challenging fun that needs no batteries .
 I was absolutely elated to get this game . First , it has been years since I 've played it . More young people need to be exposed to it . The steel case makes it durable so it 's impervious to lots of wear and tear . The case protects it from damage too . I really enjoy this game , and I plan on buying one for each of the little kids and the big ones in my household .
 I recently purchased this puzzle for my son who is 5 . He is gifted with advanced spatial and cognitive skills . I know from using this toy as a child that it will be a good brain exerciser for him.As for the quality , I have n't seen a better more `` solid '' puzzle . Most of the ones I had as a child were made of plastic but this one is high quality metal . The pieces slide very easily . It comes with a little pouch . This is a cool puzzle !
 My family has a side table in our living room with nothing but small puzzles and brain teasers . This puzzle was nice and a ton of fun . I do n't like how some of the numbers easily pop up and come out of alignment when moving them around . Nice little snap case , and nice addition to our collection .
 REQUIRES CRITICAL THINKING AND BURNS UP LOTS OF A TEEN 'S IDLE TIME.I HAVE GIVEN ONE OF THESE TO EACH OF MYTEENAGED GRANDCHILDREN .
 My son -LRB- 11 -RRB- asked for this for Christmas . It is an awesome toy . Great mind bender with no batteries . My husband liked it so much we had to get him his own . He would n't let our son have it . This is a portable toy which will keep you amused in any waiting situation
 My son enjoys playing with this toy , and it is a good quality toy that should last a long time .
 Bought 3 of these puzzles with what looks to be numbers 0910 stamped on the bottom back and puzzle pieces . The first puzzle felt like high quality material with mostly snug tiles that moved when pushed from the top . Tile 11 and 13 had to be moved pushing its side , but overall really happy with the purchase . The red cover seemed well made . This puzzled ended up being gifted to a friend that had one of the defective puzzles as described below.Puzzles 2 and 3 also with number 0910 stamped on the back was really bad . Tiles were snug , but one of the puzzle 's number 4 just would not budge out of its spot . The other puzzle 's number 4 was able to move to the number 5 spot , but then was n't moveable to the 1 or 6 spot . The puzzles just were not playable enough to keep.Returned the 2 puzzles and received 2 with the numbers 059 stamped only the bottom back of the box . Both puzzles have tiles that move very freely , but the corner and edges are not well sanded resulting in bumpy metal pieces and sharp edges that can scratch the finger if not being careful . The back tabs also have metal shavings that fall off . The red cover is darker and buttons do n't snap as well as the 0910 one . These also make more noise since they move so freely.I would much prefer a working 0190 stamped puzzle since it can be played at an angle without tiles losing their place and the overall quality build . The snugness makes for slower play which is fine for a novice like me . However , the stuck tiles does make it harder for leisure play.The 059 stamped puzzle moves a lot more freely , does not have any stuck tiles , and would be good for more experienced players to move more quickly . The squeakiness and over build quality makes it seem like the tile might pop off if a little one were to pry at a good angle . I am not sure how long the button on the cover would last on this one though.I would consider buying this puzzle to gift in the future , but would definitely open and test it just to make sure none of the tiles are stuck . If there is any problem , Amazon has really good customer service and would be able to help with refunds and exchanges .
 I had saved this in my wish list and had been watching the price and purchased it when it was about $ 5 + something!I have 4 kids -LRB- 8 , 7 , 4 , 2 -RRB- and whenever we are in the middle of something -LRB- doctor 's office , waiting for the performance , picking up older kids -RRB- , I get this out of my purse and let them play with it.They never get tired of it and it is very durable since it is metal.When I got the first one , the number ' 7 ' did n't slide well so I returned it and got a new one.It is so small and slim that fits in my little purse perfect . I love it !
 Overall this is a nice puzzle . It is portable and you can bring it basically anywhere . All my friends want to try it out . The only problem is that the numbers get jammed up occasionally , but that 's not a big problem
 This is a classic game , no suspect on that . Right size for hand too.However , two problems shall be improved . one thing is like someone else mentioned , tile does not move smoothly , in my case , it 's the # 12 , which is really frustrate . I broke my nails by forcing # 12 move , and then decide only let it move vertically to makes it easy with my nail though not good for quick solve . It get worse when my boy feel even more frustrated by this.I just wish they can double check the product before pack them in .
 i like mind games like this . great to just leave laying on coffee tables , guests , kids , and myself seem drawn to play with them .
 I must say , this is a very fun toy/puzzle to play . I brought it in school one day and everyone wanted to play it . There are many ways to `` solve '' the puzzle , but I usually try to get it to the original 1-15 , similar to the image . The only complaint I have is when sliding the 13 piece at a few of the corners , it gets stuck and causes the other pieces to get stuck , thus having to take time out and fix it . I 'm sure some wear will get it to work though .
 I bought this for my sister 's fiance , who is 34 :-RRB- He is very hard to buy for , and I needed a small filler gift . I decided it would be fun to get him a toy , since I could n't come up with anything that I thought he would like . After a search for retro toys I found this , and I am happy I did.It 's made of metal , and has a really nice retro look to it . It also comes with a vinyl/pleather case that has room for it , and the instruction book . The game and case , both seem well made , and make for an attractive gift . I read other reviews stating the numbers hang , but the one I received works perfectly.Now onto the game itself . It initially received the response I expected -LRB- from a 34 year old man -RRB- . ` Haha thanks , that 's funny . ' But by the end of the day , the puzzle had been completed by my sister , myself , my mom , and my 8yr old son . It 's addictive ! Once you start , you ca n't put it down until it 's complete.So overall , at less than $ 10 , you ca n't beat this .
 I had this game as a child and took it everywhere ! Who knew it would be the `` early '' version of tech devices !!! I loved this game as a child and bought it for myself again.I love it . I am enjoying the game suggestions that come with it.Easy to work.I could see this being a good device for people with some mobility issues.It keeps your brain working and it is loads of fun!Well made , stainless steel!Portable too !
 I 've owned this puzzle for a few years now & never had any problem with the tiles sticking . Maybe they 've changed it in some way . My stainless steel puzzle with the numbers in enamel is approx . 2.25 '' square and came with a nice pouch and and a booklet which has more challenges in it . The booklet can be stored in the pouch along with the game . I carry the puzzle in my purse & pull it out whenever I find myself waiting ... like in traffic or a doctor 's waiting room.If you 're not familiar with this game , the idea is to mix up the tiles then put them back into numeric order . The booklet contains challenges which have you put the numbers in many different orders .
 I love this lil puzzle i keep it in my purse when im waiting on appointments its metal and comes in a velvet case very durable slides well ~ if you can find it at a good price its much nicer for the grown up kid than the ole plastic ones ~ DD
 I ordered this 'cause I had one of these when I was a kid -LRB- now 64 -RRB- . It is a fun thing to do to pass time . My daughter -LRB- 34 -RRB- had fun with it and solved it within a few minutes ! Smart `` kid '' ! And she always said she was no good at math ! Would recommend this . Good for keeping young kids occupied on a car trip , I would think .
 the 15 puzzle is a great way to pass time if you 're bored . it is challenging and easy because there are many ways to solve it . good toy
 As the subject says , this is a no frills attached nice toy . The only thing that surprised me is the size , its smaller than what I expected especially if you have big hands . But anyways , looks durable lets see if lasts for a long time
 This puzzle has a fantastic retro/classic look and feel about it . This has held the attention of my 6 yr old son . It comes with instructions or ideas on different ways to have the numbers sequenced . This would be a great toy to bring out on a long flight or car ride . Will keep them puzzled for hours !
 I had ths `` toy `` as a child an remember the many hours of fun thst I had with it . I could not resist buying it for my granddaughters . It challemges the mind , and enables you to solve a `` puzzle '' without help of a computer . It makes you THINK !!!
 Graet fun for all ages , brings back alot of GOOD memories ! Great for car travel or any travel !
 Want to stump the video game generation ? Order this puzzle and watch them struggle to solve it . This is one puzzle that has been on the market for years , and it has n't changed for good reason . It does n't need to change . It can still baffle a new generation .
 I purchased this for my grandson who is 12 years old . He actually asked for it because he always used mine while we are waiting for drs. , etc. .
 The Bottom Line ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ The 15-puzzle is a toy I grew up owning and playing in several different forms . I had one with numbers , one with letters , and even one or two with pictures . I was glad to see a metal version -LRB- since I have several young children -RRB- , especially one as sleek and stylish looking as this one . It 's a nice rendition , with subtle colors and rounded corners on the pieces . It does have its design flaws . The pieces can get a little sideways or wedged up against an adjacent piece , and they slide so smoothly that it 's almost impossible to play the game unless its lying flat on the table or your lap . That said , the construction seems sturdy enough and it comes with a nice case and ample instructions . It 's a hit among my kids , even the 4-year-old -LRB- though he only tries to line up the colors -RRB- . I think it earns 4 stars , and I recommend it for nostalgic puzzle enthusiasts of any age , and for careful kids as young as 4 . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Pros : - Sleek design . - Classy color scheme . - Smooth movement of pieces . - Solidly constructed from metal components . - Handy carrying case . - Detailed instruction foldout with various methods to arrange the pieces.Cons : - The `` rail and slot '' design allows pieces to turn and get wedged in between slots , or to lift slightly onto an adjacent piece . I do n't get the feeling , as others have stated , that the pieces are likely to pop out of the board -LRB- unless one intentionally pries on them -RRB- . - The movement is so smooth that it 's nearly impossible to arrange the pieces unless the puzzle is flat -LRB- horizontal -RRB- , as the pieces simply slide to the lowest possible point .
 Slides smoother than an older version which stuck often . Son likes having the carrying case . Seems enamel and finish will last . Only gave &#34; 4 &#34; because have n't encountered any slide puzzle with perfect sliding action .
 The package arrived in a timely manner , packed well and sparkling new . A smooth transaction . Thanks !
 It 's a nice little game . The little case is nice to have as well . The only complaint is that the pieces do n't always slide very smoothly .
 it is super great . It came very fast . It is a fairly easy puzzle . The only thing is the pieces lock up and it gets hard to move . good puzzle to zoom by time .
 I got this for my 9 year old son . He loves it . He enjoys the mental challenge of it without getting too frustrated . As he gets the numbers in order , he gets gradual gratification out of it . It should be noted that this thing is SMALL . Fits-in-a-pocket small . This is not a bad thing , just was expecting it to be a bit larger . Overall worth the money .
 I bought this as a gift for my niece and was all excited about how much fun it can be for her ! The product was much smaller in size than I had expected from the picture . Nevertheless , the construction was solid and looked durable . However , some of the chips do n't slide into neighboring slots because of careless assembly/manufacturing , completely defeating the entire purpose of this game ! Also , the protective sleeve is of a visibly poor quality and looks flimsy . The actual game is very attractive , inspite of its small size . I wish the actual assemble of the game was conducted with the same emphasis on detail as was put on the physical appearance or aesthetics !
 My 7 year old kid loved this present for the holidays ... even more than the electronic ones that cost 50X as much . Durable , fun , challenging .
 I remember playing with these when I was a little girl . This is a very well made little puzzle with it 's own carrying case . It is well constructed and durable . Perfect for taking on plane trips or car trips , as it is not that easily solved and can hold the attention for quite a while . I find that even adults want to play this for lengthy amounts of time . I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and he loved it . A great little gift !
 THIS PUZZLE HAS BEEN AROUND FOR MANY YEARS AND CONTINUES TO BE POPULAR . IT MAKES THE RECIPIENT THINK ABOUT THE PLACEMENT OF THE TILES AND HOW TO MANEUVER THEM AROUND IN ORDER TO COME UP WITH THE `` POSSIBLE DOABLE PATTERNS '' SHOWN IN THE DIRECTIONS . I THINK IT IS A GREAT PUZZLE FOR PEOPLE OF ALL AGES . BY THE WAY , I AM 80 YEARS YOUNG .
 This is a great game for very young kids who are just learning shapes and colors . It is not a game that you will ever play again after the kids are 4-5 but it was the first board game they learned to play .
 My five year old loves this game , and I actually do n't mind playing it . Not Pointless . Object of game is to collect food and turn into a butterfly . It 's very simple , but educational for pre-schoolers .
 The toys are exactly what we all remember from when we were kids , except that the pieces are larger . What I really want to brag about is the company I bought these from through Amazon . I ordered these on a Saturday . I received them on the following Tuesday - I KID YOU NOT ! I had n't even yet received an email confirmation ! I could n't believe it . I 'm using the Tinkertoys in a class project , so I decided to order a second set , and again , the set arrived within 48 hours ! I did NOT request special delivery on either . I had never and have still never had any other packages arrive that quickly !
 We have loved our large set of Tinker Toys . We have had hours and hours of fun with them . We had a smaller set , but found the minimal number of pieces an enormous constraint so when we saw this larger set , we bought it right away . Our kids have been so creative with them , but there is one drawback . They would have loved being able to build more unique things with them . Because of this , we have also purchased a how-to book on Tinker Toys . This has added so much to our use of the Tinker Toys . My sons make cars and lawnmowers ... my daughter makes strollers for her doll . A great buy !
 The kids love this ball and play with it whenever they get the oppertunity . The biggest challange is keeping them from kicking and trowing it in the house .
 Perfect size for kickball , dodgeball and four-square . The kids seem to like this ball more than the larger sized ones .
 Good ball for doing exercises with my clients for their gludes and inner thigh muscles . It 's firm , but still able to be squeezed . It has held it air fine . If using it for exercises , not kickball , I would reccomend this model over a cheap Wal-Mart ball . Also works well because of it 's bounce for working on balance exercises for seniors and people who struggle with balance .
 I was looking for a playground ball for workouts -- Physique 57 -- and I chose this one . The price was good , and it serves its purpose well .
 It looks like a good ball . I think it will last a long time . My kids will enjoy playing with it .
 Bought this for my 10 year old who uses it to play 4 square at school . You can feel that it is a little heavier than a similar ball you would pick up at walmart , target or toys r us . We 've had those before and they last a few months before having a slow leak or deforming . We 've been careful not to overinflate the ball so it has not been deform tested , but it 's nice and round with plenty of air to give it a good bounce . My daughter notes that she likes that ball has a lot of grip . Also that the ball has a nice simple graphic as opposed to some of the large splash images on most balls . Plus the fact that you can get this ball in a number of colors .
 We can now play kick ball or chase the ball it keeps its shape rolls bounces you have to pump it up before first use
 Great outside ball for the kids , heavy enough that a breeze wo n't blow it away , tough enough to take a beating , holds air fine -LRB- no leaks -RRB- . The size is great , slightly bigger than a soccer ball .
 Use the ball for dodgeball . Great amount of use , takes some time to wear in for pinching , but works phenomenally
 First to Fourth Grade loved this ball on the playground . Easier to hit for little guys . We donated two to our local school .
 This was a great purchase for our summer camp . This is a very standard sized ball for kickball that holds-up great to abuse .
 I bought 3 of these for use in the pool with our Poolmaster ProRebounder basketball set . They are the perfect size and weight for this purpose , the color selection is good , and the price is reasonable . They may not be as rugged as others for some uses , but are perfect for this .
 I just wan na say that we love these toys , but also from the customers point of view , this company has also my 20 star review . They care and go above and beyond to make sure that their customers are satisfied ! Thank you Erik from Toy Studio .
 I bought this for my neighbor 's little girl for her 1st birthday . I was very pleased with the product .
 I purchased 16 super soakers for my sons 11th b-day party . All of the boys had a great time and loved the soakers . There is a fast way to fill them up in the back - you do n't have to unscrew anything and it has a hidden nozzel and squirts pretty far , Highly recommend it .
 Although this water gun falls short of it 's advertised shooting distance it is packed full of fun for my 9 year old . He has yet to go outside and not pick it up to play with it . As he says , `` It soaks everybody . It 's awesome . ''
 I got eight of these when they were on sale for $ 5.10 each . We have lots of fun running through college dorms shooting each other in the face . I dont know if they 're worth the full $ 18 , because we are cheap college kids , but they hold a lot and shoot pretty far and are comfortable . a couple had minor leaks , but they are much better than other super soakers at similar prices . a little duct tape will fix it if you smack it into the corner of a wall and make a tiny hole . totally reccomend it for a great tool to annoy people , especially if you can get a bunch of people to run around and have a skirmish
 I 've had this for over half a year now . It 's a great water gun for the summer times . It 's not too big or bulky . It 's not too heavy when filled up . You ca n't ask for much more at this price . Construction seems good as with most super soakers .
 i used this for a water weapons assassin tournament . it 's a bit bulky but ya got ta love the secret attack button . gets them everytime haha .
 The water blaster was a birthday gift for my niece - she 's played with it every day and thinks I 'm the best !
 Great gloves !!! I had no idea that reebok made big kids gloves , they are hard to find . I give them an A + .
 I bought this toy a couple of weeks ago and my 3 year old daughter has yet to be bored with it . I have babysat a 18 month boy a few times and he loves it too . He is more intrested in finding the balls then the treasure , but because of this game he now knows the four basic colors -LRB- green , yellow , blue , red -RRB- and the three shapes -LRB- rectangle , square , and circle -RRB- . I love this game , but my favorite part it only takes maybe 10 to 15 minutes to play one game .
 My son loves playing Cariboo . It is really nice that it does n't have any complex rules , and that it can be played alone.My son loves finding the balls to get the treasure ; he always is surprised and excited when he gets one , no matter if he plays the game over and over .
 This is the best game our 21/2 year old loves it and we have fun playing together
 It 's a very pleasant change from the usual games for the young ones and very enjoyable .
 OK I am not sure why there is all the confusion , but this is cariboo - not hullabaloo or cranium or the balloon one . I love all the cranium games , but since this is cariboo let me talk about that-This is a game for 2 year olds and up , or maybe even 18m old toddlers can get into it too.There is a board that hides 6 balls , I think . Each player takes a card , which can be set at beginner or intermediate . The beginner is abc , 123 , and shapes , the intermediate is all the numbers and letters and both have colors . When you get a card you have to match the card to one of the tiles . Then open it with a `` key '' to see if there is a ball beneath . If there is a ball you put in the treasure chest . Once all 6 balls are in the chest opens to reveal a jewel.My daughter is 2 and absolutely loves this game . We play it almost every day . At first she would just use the key to open the tiles and get the balls . That was around 18months , now at 2.5 she can follow the rules and take turns.We plan on graduating up to hullabaloo for her 3rd birthday !
 I was looking for a game that would appeal to my grandson.If I can get him inside he is use to v-smile & computer games . Cariboo held his interest enough to at least start to learn the concept of board games and taking turns .
 My friend brought Cariboo over to my house as her 3 year old loved it . My son seemed to also , so I bought it for him ... figuring it would go in the closet with all of the other games . NO WAY ... . He got this on Valentine 's Day and we have played it EVERY DAY since ... . sometimes twice a day . He asks for it all of the time . Cranium has done a wonderful job in creating a game that is educational and fun . I am so glad I bought it for my son !
 My kids got this for LAST Christmas -LRB- at ages 2 & 4 -RRB- and they still love it this year .
 I got this as Christmas gift for my 4 yr old because he loved it at his Grandma 's house . I ca n't wait to see his face when he opens it !
 As a former teacher and mother of a preschooler , I am always in search of good educational games that last and keep the interest of my children.Cranium Cariboo delivers , the counting , color and letter recognition are so important but children do n't even realize they are learning it 's soooo much fun . All children have a natural fascination with treasure and keys , so the problem is getting them to play ... it 's getting them to stop!I must also say , it seems so high quality compared to other games priced in the 15-20 range . Most are made of cheap plastic molds , clunky , noisy , falling apart . This one is sound and packaged so well.My only suggestion for improvement would be to be able to buy change out cards and door covers , for advancement with age . These go through colors , abc and 1-4 . It would be great if they had add-on packs once kids get to where it 's easy for them and need a new challenge . I looked and they would be quite easy to swap out.Regardless , it 's a five star toy , also would be a great birthday gift !
 I was initially reticent to buy this for my daughter . She frequently plays with a game for 2 or 3 minutes and then starts playing with the pieces and spreading them all over the place . I read the positive reviews on this site and decided to buy it and boy am I glad . She loves finding the `` mystery '' balls with the `` magic key . '' Every time she finds a ball under one of the doors she gasps in spontaneous delight . I have never heard/seen her enjoying a game so much . She is learning eye-hand coordination with the `` magic key . '' She also gets reinforcement of the letters A , B , and C . She has learned to count up to four . She knew her numbers before but had no idea what the numbers actually meant . By playing this game I have been able to teach her the idea of ` couting ' in just a few days . Colors and shapes are fairly routine to her now so this easy bit gives her confidence to master the other skills . She also enjoys watching the `` treasure chest '' open up when you put in the last ball and will exclaim to newcomers how beautiful the treasure is inside the chest . It 's actually a kind of cheesy , purple-plastic , amethyst-looking `` gem '' - but it 's a real treasure to her and she loves it ! The game board is quite sturdy but I find she still needs a bit of parental guidance not to break the doors or lose the balls . I worry that I will have to find balls to fit it if we lose one of the 6 small rubber balls . She goes to her room repeatedly to pick out this game . She is able to play it by herself but really enjoys playing it together with me and I do n't get too bored with it , to be honest . She is also learning to take turns , play by the rules , etc. . I think this would make a very nice gift for a child as well as any parent who finds themselves in the frequent position of playing games that all too quickly get very boring . I also bought Hullabaloo which she loves , too !!! I am very impressed with the Cranium game creators and think that they have obviously put a lot of time , experience , and creativity into creating these games . I just wish there were more than two of these games out there for the 3-6 age group !!!
 I just got this game for my 3 year old 's birthday . He simply ca n't get enough of it . I have an eight year old and a 6 year old as well and they are always very willing to play it with him -LRB- unlike some of the other `` baby games '' we have -RRB- . I 'm just really hoping the folks at Cranium come out with supplemental cards . The game 's potential is barely tapped considering as it is it only covers letters A-C , four colors , three shapes and numbers 1-4 . The possibilities are endless , just make some additional cards available SOON please !
 We gave this to my 5 year old for Christmas because he loves treasure chests . Well he learned right away and was able to teach his 21/2 year old sister how to play . Now 3 months later they are still playing it at least 3 times a week without parental supervision . On top of it , my 21/2 year old knows all of her shapes , colors and numbers . I can not say enough about how fun and educational this toy is . Even if your child knows all their colors , shapes etc. , it does n't get boring because they still have to find the missing balls . Huge hit !!!
 Not only is this game LOTS of fun , but its also educational and is easily stored away in its own compact box . Me , my husband and my 4 year old played for an hour straight after opening it . My daughter brings it on playdates too ! What kid does n't like a good treasure hunt !? A + fun !
 A perfect first game for our 3 yo . My daughter is delighted with the magic key -LRB- which is a nice fine motor skills exercise -RRB- , the rubber balls and with the chance to practice her numbers and letters . It 's a collaborative game which is great since she does n't `` get '' competition yet . She seems to recognize the campy fun in the treasure chest at the end -- it 's not a big reward , but something fun to end on . I can see where this would be boring for a 4.5 yo , but if you have an advanced 2.5 -LRB- recognizes some letters , can count to four and no longer puts items in his mouth -RRB- or 3 yo on your shopping list , this game will offer a lot of fun and is a nice introduction to the concept of games . Highly recommended .
 We originally got this game as a present on my daughter 's third birthday . We loved it so much , we have given many away to our little friends when they turned three . It 's a great , fun game that is educational , too . Kids just ca n't resist giggling with joy everytime the treasure chest opens . This a no-brainer great toy .
 This game was so much fun for all the kids in the house , my 3 year old , and my five year old too who has special needs . It really held his attention and tought them both how to take turns , and how to wait , and how to pass the key to the next player . Unfortunetly I kept hiding the cards up high so they would not play without me and the cards would get lost , and I think I hid them from myself because I ca n't find them . Ahhhh !
 My 4-year old and 21/2 year old love this game . There are two levels of play which is great for two different aged children . They love using the key to open the doors in the hopes of finding a ball on the other side . And they are learning colors , shapes , and letters at the same time . Great game .
 Our 21/2 year old LOVES this game . It is the only game he asks for . He has joined his brothers in playing Candyland , Chutes and Ladders , etc. but does n't seem to understand the purpose or care what happens in those games . Finding Cariboo 's balls and opening the treasure chest is a very tangible goal which he finds exciting.My 4 and 6 year old also like this game . When the older kids play , we make it more challenging by closing each door at the end of every turn . They try to remember which doors have already been opened so they can improve their chances of selecting doors which might actually have a ball hidden below . I think the company should print this `` Challenge Version '' in their game rules ; it extends the interest in the game for older children . While my 6 year old has had fun playing this game with his younger siblings , I probably would not purchase Cranium Cariboo for a 6 year old as I think they would probably become bored with it before long.This is an excellent first game for young children !
 Sometimes being the youngest member of the family can be frustrating . Our three year old wanted to play Conga or Caddoo with us -LRB- parents and seven year old brother -RRB- , but except for running off with the clay , she just was n't ready.Enter Cariboo , a game made specifically for the preschool set with a key , brightly colored balls , and a treasure chest that opens once all the balls have been placed into the holder . This game has been great for helping with letter recognition and counting . It also aids with colors and shapes if your preschooler has not mastered them yet.The beginner level is quite simple , but luckily there is an `` advanced '' set of cards that expands the game to all letters and numbers 1-10 . Parents will like that it is a teaching game , kids just like it because it is fun.Most important in our house ; it made a three year old feel like a big girl with her very own Cranium game .
 My son received this game for his 3rd birthday and he loves it ! We all play with him , and even though he already knew his shapes and colors , he is using it to learn his numbers and letters . It is definitely not boring , and he enjoys playing even if he does n't win every time . There is fun in just discovering the hidden balls and waiting to see the pirate chest pop open ! We play this game at least 3 times a day !
 ... but I guess its tough to market a toy with an age range of 2.5 ~ 3 years . My daughter was about 31/2 when we bought Cranium Cariboo for her for Christmas 2004 . She does enjoy it , but its a little limited in scope . It only teaches 4 colors -LRB- red , yellow , green , blue -RRB- , 3 letters -LRB- A-C -RRB- , 4 numbers -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- , and 3 shapes -LRB- square , circle , triangle -RRB- . There was n't much learning involved for her as she already knew all the colors , the majority of the alphabet , numbers through 15 or so , and all her shapes.She does enjoy looking for the treasures -LRB- rubber balls -RRB- though , even if she 's not really learning anything . The game still has her interest and she asks to play it ; I 'll have to see how it holds up long-term . If the Cranium people are reading this , one suggestion would be to have replacable cards so you can insert new categories , colors , numbers , etc. . I guess you could make your own with some card stock ... ?
 I wholeheartedly agree with the other reviews regarding the supplemental cards . How much could it cost to add a second set or for that fact sell them separately . After playing the game twice my 3 year old was finished with it . There no more challenge for her . I ca n't believe the age range is up to six years old.The game is so basic . Primary color recognition . Very basic shape recognition , circle , square , triangle , and `` a '' , `` b '' , and `` c '' letters only.I would love to buy some additional cards because my daughter loves this game.On the fun side . The concept is great . Kids love a suprise and after matching a card they get to look to see if they got a very pretty colored ball .
 I was a little unsure if this game was going to be age appropriate for my 5 year old son , but he received it as a gift . It is perfect for him because he is just learning his ABC 's . We have two older girls 7 and 6 who already know all of their ABC 's , shapes , numbers and colors . Our three children play this together -LRB- and I do n't have to supervise -RRB- . The kids LOVE this game !!!! This game teaches some of the basics children need to start kindergarten . We have only had it for a few days and they can not get enough of it ! I even have fun playing . It is very durable and really keeps their attention . The rules are simple and can be played by just the children . I would not recommend this game for children over 6 , because it would be too easy . My only wish is that it had replacement `` doors '' to add more letters and numbers . Great practice for kindergarten ! The children learn without even knowing they are doing it ! AWESOME !!
 Although I did n't keep the game myself , the children whom I gave it to thought it was an awsome game . In fact , their mom wrote me an e-mail saying that they absolutely loved the game . The children are the ages of 1 , 2 and 4 so even the 1 year old will get some use out of it soon . The game is very educational and is on a level small children can understand and enjoy . I love Cranium games in general and this one is definately a good gift .
 It 's a great game that 's kept my 2 & 3 year olds entertained for almost a year now . They do n't actually play by the rules unless I 'm there but they love hiding the balls and finding them with the key .
 This game has an amazing ability to hold our son 's attention for long periods of time . There are different levels of difficulty and I think we 'll have alot of fun with it for a couple of years.I even brought it to a restaurant to keep the little guy occupied when he got antsy . It worked like a charm .
 This got the immediate `` thumbs-up '' from my 4-yr old daughter . She had me playing it over and over and over and when I had enough she carried on alone . I like that the game can be made more advanced by changing from the beginner cards to the advanced cards provided in the box.I would have granted the game 5 stars if the balls did n't occasionally get stuck so that when all the doors are open there are still balls not found . I have learned to check there are no balls in the secret tunnels before the play commences so it is no big deal.I would certainly look at other games in the Cranium series .
 Great for 1 child as well as 4 ! They catch on quickly and love to play over and over ! I love the packaging ! The bottom of the box is the game ! Very easy to keep track of all the pieces and put back together ! Ca n't wait to buy several more to give as gifts !
 My girls -LRB- ages 4and 2 -RRB- ask to play this game over and over again . They love to see if the balls are under the compartments and they love when they open up the jewel at the end of the game . It is definitely a must have game !
 This Game Is The Best !! I bought it for my day-care for a Christmas present . The second they opened it they wanted to play it ! I have three kids that range fron two and a half to four years old and they never want to stop playing it ! I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a fun and educational game to give their kids
 First I 'd like to point out that even if your child already knows his/her ABCs etc. , you then use the `` advanced '' level of the game , in which you flip the cards over and there is something different on the other side . On the back side of the ABC/color cards are different pictures with a whole word written out in all lower case letters . This is great for repetition of reading skills and phonics . There is a different set of playing cards for the advanced version , all this is included when you buy the game.My only gripes are if you do have to flip the cards back and forth between beginner and advanced on the `` doors '' , they are pretty thin and can get bent easily , so I can see how you could really wear this game out . We use the `` beginner '' cards when my 2 year old is playing with us , the `` advanced '' cards when it 's just my 5 year old and I -LRB- Daddy plays too , when he gets home from work -RRB- . Also , if you are not right above the board , there is the possibility of cheating by being able to see where some of the balls are . But that 's not necessarily a bad lesson , either -LRB- learning to resist the temptation -RRB- ! Anyway , we just love this game and the very first day we had it , my 2yr , 5yr old and I played 5 games together , then my 5 yr old and I played 10 -LRB- count 'em , 10 !!!! -RRB- games in a row during the little one 's nap !! Wow ! She would have kept going but we were sitting on the floor and my back was hurting !!! : -RRB-
 This was my 4 year-old 's first toy by Cranium and I am very impressed . At first when I looked at the game , I was concerned that my son might get bored with it because he already knows his ABC 's and colors . However , he still loves to play it . Even his cousin who is in first grades enjoys playing it with him.They love using the key to open the doors and finding a ball to pull out . It is like treasure hunting . Then the reward from finding all six balls is to open the treasure chest.Since the balls are under different doors each time , it gives the players variation.We have been so impressed by this game that we 're planning on buying Balloon Lagoon next .
 My 4 year old son received this game for Christmas and LOVES it . He already knew his colors , ABC 's and shapes , this was more of just a fun game he can do by himself . There is nearly zero set up , just take the lid off and play . The search to find the balls is fun for him , as well as placing them in the `` tumbling tide pool '' A great game with no need for batteries , or another person to play with for it to be fun .
 I think this is a good game for children , it also has good replay value . Every child that I have seen with this game seems to love it . Often they do n't actually `` play '' the game by the rules but just sit quietly opening & closing doors , looking for balls so they can collect the treasure.One negative is the cards are a little flimsy & can get quickly damaged by young children . Also it does n't take kids long to realize they can look at the game at a certain angle & see if the balls are under a certain door without even opening it . But those are minor complaints . I would recommend this game for young children .
 this is a very cute game and somewhat educational , but for a much younger audience . Maybe 2-4 years old , with the 4 year old not being challenged .
 I bought this game this past Christmas for my three year old daughter . This is one of the first game toys that I have bought for her and it is really excellent . It is very sturdy , easy to set up , and most important , fun . I was able to read the instructions and know how to play the game in less than 5 minutes . The object of the game is to match the stack of cards to a door on the game . You open the door with a key to see if a ball is inside . If there is a ball you take it out and put in a chute . When all of the balls have been found and placed in the chute a treasure chest at the end of the chute will open . There is no keeping score so the pleasure in winning is seeing the treasure open at the end of the game . My daugher was able to do all of the matching on her own very easily . The hard part was in teaching her to take turns and to not just open whatever door she wanted . When you get down to the last two or so doors to open , the card you draw may not match them . For the most part the cards will match several doors throughout the game because each door has three matching choices to it . For example you can match your card to a door based on color , number , or shape . For each card there will be several door choices for your child to open . The one thing you do have to be careful to do is to shake up the balls really well after you place them into the game . A lot of times the balls do n't land exactly behind a door and when they get stuck and wedge a door from not opening it takes the fun out of the game . To me it is a simple matching game but to my daughter it is a treasure hunt . It is amazing how happy she gets to see a simple plastic treasure chest open at the of the game . It reminds how really little of a reward children need at this age . I think you will really enjoy playing this game with your child . Not only does it teach letters , shapes , and numbers , but how to take turns and have patience . Well done Cranium !
 We love Cariboo . Our kids love it . Best of all , we can play with them and have a great time as a family !
 I bought it for my 4 years old son . I thought it is too simple and he will get board quickly . Yes , it is very simple as I thought but he really likes it and we play the game almost everyday . The rule is very easy to understand for little ones -LRB- also for one like me who does not good at English -RRB- so they do not get frustrated hearing what to do . It does n't take more than 10 minutes to finish 1 game . My son can not wait his friends come over and play it together . Not exciting for adult at all but little ones will love the thrill of finding all those hidden treasures .
 My 4.5 year old loves this Cranium Cariboo game . He loves the key , the balls and the treasure , the whole thing . I found that it 's not as well thought out as it should be , when the last ball is added the pressure of all six is supposed to open the treasure chest , it rarely works and I have to help the chest open , which is a tad disappointing for a kid who has just added the last ball and it 's not doing what it 's supposed to do . But , overall I find this game educational and fun , I love that it has a more advanced level added on for additional learning and value . My son loves it regardless of glitches so we love playing it with him . -LRB- ... -RRB- we have spent twice as much on games that never get requested by my son .
 My daughters 2.5 and 4 love this game . Yes , it is kind of easy for my 4 years old , however , i can make the question more difficult for her , for example , instead of use number 1 to 4 , ask her what is 4 minus 1 , the answer is number 3 . It is a great game for my 2.5 girls .
 We were first introduced to this game by our daughter 's speech teacher when she was about 3 . The teacher took it to the day care and played with all of the kids there . It was talked about for weeks that the kids all wanted to play the `` ball/treasure game '' again . It is a great game for a few kids or even a small group . You can also play with different age levels . I totally recommend all Cranium games , especially this one .
 I 've recommended this game to everyone I know with a toddler ... . Helps with learning numbers , counting , colors , and shapes . My 3 year old twins got this game for their 3rd birthday and have to take it every where we go . It 's also a great gift ... we give it to all our friends .
 I bought this for my 21/2 year-old to play and was amazed that right away she understood the concept of taking turns -LRB- whoever holds the key , takes the turn -RRB- . She also easily grasped the concepts of matching the colors , shapes , letters and numbers after only playing once . To mix it up a bit sometimes I hide something else in the treasure box so it 's not the same purple jewel every time at the end -LRB- sometimes a toy ring , raisins , etc. -RRB- . Even though this game has two levels , I wish that that there were more sets of cards we could buy so my daughter is just not stuck with learning 3 letters of the alphabet and just a few colors . The game comes with two sets of cards ... the `` beginner '' cards only allow young children the chance to recognize the letters A-C as well as red , yellow , blue , green . Then it 's on to the `` advanced '' pack for A-Z -LRB- and no more colors -RRB- . I wish other packs were available to cover other groups of letters as well as other colors -LRB- Cranium , are you listening ? -RRB- .
 My kids like this game , but usually tire of it after three or four rounds . The concept is very simple and each round has very little variation and as a result , my 4 & 6 year old sons do n't stick with it for too long . It 's a great game for younger children working on ABCs , colors , shapes , and taking turns . A couple of notes ... The cards that slide in to each opening are n't too durable so watch out if you have a younger one who likes to tear things . Also , my kids quickly figured out that they could spot where the balls were by looking in to the open doors and quickly started cheating ! It would be nice if the balls were a little less visable once the doors were open . Overall , this is a fun game and a good value for the price .
 Fabulous game for little ones ! My daughters loved it when they were 2 and 3 and still ask to play it even now that they know their ABC 's and 123 's quite well . It 's a great game even when you ca n't play it the `` real way '' ... very few games are like that without running the risk of losing all the pieces ! I 'd highly recommend it for young ones !
 This is a great first game for 21/2 to three year olds ! Both my sons LOVED it at that age and ask to play it again and again . It is a fun way to reinforce ABCs , 123s and basic shapes . It is fun enough that my oldest -LRB- now almost 6 -RRB- will still put up with it to play with his brother . Highly recommend it for any young child .
 My 21/2 year old autistic son loves this game . We started with the concept of taking turns and are building up to matching colors . This toy was suggusted to us by his ABA therapist and it has definately been a hit .
 This toy is great for toddlers . My 3 year old loves the game and the fact that he is re-inforcing his colors , shapes and counting makes it even better . And the second level difficulty just carries it even further . He loves that he can do the whole game from set-up to playing all by himself .
 My Daughter is 4years old and has been playing with this game for 6 months now . We love it .
 I bought one for my cousin 's kids for Christmas , and they bought one for us -LRB- unbeknownst to either of us -RRB- . Great minds think alike ! My 4 year old is having a blast opening the doors looking for the ball , and opening the treasure . He does n't get the whole taking turns concept yet for sit-still games , but he is learning with it just the same.Louise
 We purchased this game for our boys -LRB- 4 and 6 -RRB- for christmas . they really enjoy playing it w / either me or my husband or even on their own . its a very educational toy and is different each time so they never get bored . and each game does ` nt take too long so its not bad for grown-ups either !! highly satisfied w / the game overall !!
 We can taylor this game to fit our children 's learning needs . Work on only colors , only letters , picture recognition , shapes or everything at once . Our ` very energenic ' boys will sit still for 30 mins plus to cooperate and take turns using the key to open doors and find balls to open the treasure chest.This game is a must have and we have purchased several as gifts and everyone seems to love it . I would color copy the cards as they tend to get soild and bent .
 My daughter received this game for her Birthday and loves it . My 3 yr old son and 4 yr old daughter play this together . Game teaches shapes , colors , numbers . Good for those first skills . Fairly easy game for my daughter ... but my sons now learning . It 's really cute the way the game 's played . Fun `` key '' and balls.It 's pretty sturdy/durable too . I 'd recommmend this toy to all !
 My daughters 2.5 and 4 love this game . It is very easy to understand and turns go quickly . Because the instructions are so simple they can play by themselves with out me having to play referee . Although , I can see how after awhile it will become boring , but for now they love to see who will open the treasure ! It 's a great `` very first game '' . With a little creativity , you can make the game last much longer ! ; - -RRB-
 My 4 year old daughter loves this game , she gets a kick out of using the key and finding the hidden balls . Like other reviewers , I do wish they would have new cards to add on as she has started to become bored with the same already-learned concepts . I also like this game because we play as a team rather than having a `` winner '' -LRB- and loser -RRB- , we work together to open the treasure chest . We had a little trouble at first because the treasure chest lid stuck and would not open - we fixed this & it works fine now . Overall a great , simple game that keeps kids engaged .
 We purchased this game for our daughter who just turned 3 , and she just loves it . She plays it with us and alone.Itis very well made , especially compared to the mainstreamchildren 's games . The cards are laminated , the plastic piecesand game board are durable , and it packs away nicely . I highlyrecommend it as a fun game the kids will love , and the adults will enjoy playing .
 What a great game ! This is so different from all of the basic board games . My 31/2 year old daughter received this in December and she and my husband and I were all immediately hooked . The best parts of this game is that it is faster than traditional board games and that there is no real winner - everyone is working toward the same goal . My daughter is even willing to play this alone !!!
 We bought it as a gift for Christmas and have hardly put it away . We play together or sometimes I catch him playing it by himself . It 's extremely easy and fun to play and educational . One thing I 'd like to see is additional game pieces to include other numbers , colors and shapes . Otherwise , we made a great choice of a game . Thank you to the other reviews that help me decide to buy this game . We , the adults , also like to play Cranium .
 I bought this for our 21/2 year old for Christmas and she LOVES it . she will play as many games as we have time for . I realize the manufacturer has to state a low age of 3 because the balls could be choking hazards , but i think my daughter at 2 would have loved this game too . if your child knows even some colors , letters or counting , this game will be a fun way to learn the rest . i read that cranium is thinking of adding more cards , which we would buy in a heartbeat .
 This game caught my 31/2 year old 's daughters attention right away . It 's not overly complicated so she can do the set-up herself . There are n't too many parts and its incredibly sturdy . Its fun for the grown-ups to play with her because each game is fairly quick . My only complaint is that you can see the position of some of the balls from the side view ... it could be an issue when she catches on .
 I am an early intervention/early childhood teacher and think that this game is great ! My little boy will be three years old in a couple of weeks and he really enjoys the game . It gets a bit tough trying to keep him attending to the real rules of the game , but when he gets tired of `` learning '' , he can put the balls in the holes and use the key to open the doors and find them ! He loves using keys and this is fun for him . I 'm glad that I paid a few dollars more for a game other than the usual board games .
 My husband and I bought this game for my daughter 's 5th birthday and were amazed at how much she loves it ! She is a very kinesthetic kid and does n't like to sit still for long but this game held her attention . Her 12 year old brother even loved playing it with her . Even my 2 year old could match the colors and open the boxes with the key . We have owned the game for only a week and it has been played over and over and over again . We are homeschoolers and I think this game is a perfect compliment to a preschool or kindergarten program .
 My daughter just loves this game . I bought it based on the good reviews on this site ; they are n't wrong . It 's really a fairly simple matching game , but I think the element of surprise -LRB- finding a ball under one of the little doors -RRB- and the treasure chest opening when you win make the game fun over and over again .
 My 5yr old loves this game ! It 's one she can play over & over , sometimes even by herself . My one problem with the game is that the `` doors '' that are unlocked do not have interchangeable cards . By the 5th round of playing , my daughter had practically memorized the board . Being able to change the cards on the doors would make the game much more challenging . Other than that one alteration , this game is excellent for preschoolers .
 good game ... kids enjoy it ... they love finding the hidden balls ... and opening the treasure ... it has two levels so it 's great for all ages
 My 3-year-old son LOVES this game ! He wants to play it ALL the time . It is a great concept and very easy for young children to learn . It is great practice for social skills such as turn-taking and rule-following . However ... there are a few faults . First , the concepts it teaches are very limited . The numbers only go up to four . The letters given are only A , B , and C . There are only 3 shapes - circle , square , and triangle . My son already knows all this so although he enjoys this game immensely , he is not learning anything new . Another complaint I have is about the quality of the game . The cards are very small . The balls do n't always spread out nicely and there is sometimes 2 balls under one door making it difficult to get the door open . Also , once a few doors are open you can see into the other ones making it very easy to peak and see where the other balls are.I DO NOT regret getting this game for one minute because my son absolutely LOVES it and it definitely has it 's merits . I would just like to see the company improve it in the areas I mentioned . Then , it will be perfect !
 My daughter loves this game . It is very well made . I like the way it is contained in the box . She likes using the key to open the doors , and when she finds a ball she lights up with excitement . She does n't get upset when she does n't win because her fun is in playing the game . I 've noticed her playing with the game by herself several times . She makes up her own games with it and she stays occupied for a long time . I 'm very happy with this purchase and it is well worth the money . I got Cranium 's Balloon Lagoon for her for Christmas . I ca n't wait to get into that one .
 This game is a wonderful learning tool for young children learning their letters , numbers , and colors . I was extremely impressed by the game . My 21/2 year old absolutely loved playing this gamw !
 This is a wonderful educational game . My 3 yr . old son got it for Christmas and loves it . The only problem I see is that my son has already mastered the cards that are provided . They need to make interchangable card sets that will give more of a challenge .
 My 2 and a half year old loves this game . It is quick to play and easy to understand . It can be played almost immediately out of the box . It helps if your child knows colors and basic shapes and the letters ABC and numbers 1-4 somewhat , but can reinforce that as well . My son has learned to bend down to spot the balls , but since you still have to get a matching card to open that door , it 's not really much of an issue .
 We gave this to our granddaughter who just turned 3 , for Christmas . After setting it up and playing it for the first time she said , `` This is a fun game ! '' which impressed her mom . She loves using the key to open the doors . If she does n't find a ball , she sighs . She even enjoys playing the game by herself . She can say her numbers and the alphabet , but this is a great game to put the spoken word with a picture of the letters and numbers . She enjoys setting up a new game and saying , `` Let 's play it again , Grammy ! ''
 This game is one of the best I have bought for my almost 3 yr old . She can sit and play it with a friend -LRB- with my supervision for turn taking -RRB- and they can figure out most of it by themselves ! She even explained to grandma how to play . It is holding up to much abuse and use . The kids open doors with their `` key '' -LRB- which she loves to do -RRB- and are looking for balls . Once they find all six and drop them into the collection hole the treasure chest opens . My daughter does n't mind that it opens to the same purple jewel all the time . One time I did remove the purple jewel and put in a hersey kiss and she thought that was great too ! But just finding the balls and matching the cards to the game board is plenty of fun in and of itself . I highly recommend this game for little kids . The nice thing is the cards turn over for a more advanced matching game . I forsee that by age 4-5 she will grow out of it , but with younger siblings still to come I think this game will get plenty of use .
 My 3 yr old daughter LOVES this game . Asks to play it every night . I like that she can `` grow '' with it and use the beginner cards now and then jump to advanced when she is ready . Very simple . Instructions were great . She calls it her `` sour ball '' game because of all the bright , bouncy balls .
 My 3 year old daughter LOVES this game . It 's challenging enough that she is learning , but not too high-level to frustrate her . She plays every night before bedtime . She loves games and this is her favorite .
 My 3 year old loves this game and we play it a lot . She already knew her numbers , letters , colors and shapes so it is n't much of learning tool from that point of view , but it helps with taking turns and being patient . I like the game and that helps a lot since I 'm more apt to play it with her then Candy Land which drives me crazy . I also like that it is a quick game , about 5 minutes to complete so when you say Last Game -LRB- after playing it 10 times in a row -RRB- , it does n't take that long to complete . The only problem with it is that the balls will get lost easily as well as the key and I can already see the cards looking used . But that happens to well loved toys .
 I love this game . It is truly an excellent game in all aspects . It makes the perfect gift for a set of siblings who fall between the ages of about 2-6 . Unlike some classic games -LRB- i.e. Candy Land -RRB- it is fun enough - and short enough - for parents to truly enjoy playing it with their kids . I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 My 2 and a half year old and 5 year old paly this game and both love it . Once your child know A-B-C , 1-2-3 , and colors , it can get rather easy , but my 5 year old still likes to use the key and find the balls and make the treasure chest open at the end . My 2 and a half year old uses it to learn the colors , numbers and letters , so it does what it is intended to do . It 's good because it is learning , but does n't feel like learning , just fun . Also , it just reinforces my 5 year old 's mastery of these things and is fun sometimes to play a game like this so you feel like the smarter one ! Very good game ! Well worth the money for appropriate age group .
 I purchased this game for my four year old . He is very difficult to please and getting him to try new things is equally difficult . I have not been able to interest him in games or much of anything besides trains and planes , which he normally plays with alone . Giving him Cariboo was an attempt to encourage his relational and interactive abilities and to provide a platform for him to engage with the rest of the family . I am still amazed at how he has taken to this game . My five year old also loves it and even my seven year old enjoys playing . Quite an accomplishment to get three siblings of varying ages engaged so peacefully and enjoyably together ! Even our nine year old neighbor has played several rounds with my five year old . It is such a simple , straightforward game , but I think that the simplicity is part of its charm . There is something peaceful about this game and it encourages interaction with each other rather than with just the game itself . It is competitive enough to make the kids want to play again to try to win , but it is quite gentle competition . I am so appreciative of how this game encourages relational interaction within our family . In our family , the educational aspect is not from the standpoint of `` teaching '' something new , but in continually reinforcing the use of numbers and letters and making this knowledge useful for pre-readers . Even though I have played games for young children with my kids in the past , it has always been a sacrifice of love . This is the first pre-school board game that I can actually play repetitively without feeling crazy . But more importantly , that stubborn four year old of mine actually enjoys it . No small feat !
 I was looking for a new toy for my 6 and 5 years old , when we opened the box and started to play , they litterally played it over and over , it is now one of their favorite pass time , i 'm looking forward to see more games of this quality on your web site , thank you .
 I 've never written a review before , but this game is definitely worthy of one . I love to play games with my kids but have had a rough time finding any for my 21/2 year old . He 's not the sit down quietly boy that my six year old was at that age . This game did it though ! It comes out of the closet several times a day . It has taught him a little about rules , taking turns and winning and losing . Plus , he 's learned to recognize some letters and count objects . And , for a boy who loves to bounce anything resembling a ball to not have even once bounced these ... YEAH CRANIUM ! I 'm adding several Cranium games to OUR Christmas list !
 This game is great for bringing the whole family together . It is that `` Happy Medium '' for a family like ours . We have 3 boys ages 10,6 and 4 years old . This game allows for the whole family to play together in a way that allows the little brother to not feel as if he ca n't hang with the bigger brothers . It also is fun enough that our older boys still have fun playing . Actually , they all have taken it away to play together without mom and dad , alone , which has n't always happened with other games , because of frustration because little brother was `` too little '' . This was our first purchase in the cadoo series and it was such a HUGE success that we are now looking for others.I also want to make sure that I stress that the box says for upto 4 players HOWEVER there is NO REASON for it to say that . -LRB- we play with our family of five easily -RRB- Any amount of people can play this game . The game consist of closing the trap doors on the game board so that when you drop the balls in -LRB- 6 balls -RRB- they `` hide '' under the trap doors . Each player then draws a card -LRB- which has a clue like the color red , blue , yellow or a number 1,2,3 , or a letter a , b , c , A , B , C or a shape triangle , square , circle -RRB- then they use the plastic key to stick in the `` lock '' above the matching trap door , it pops open and they look inside to see if there is a ball , if there is a ball they take it out and put it in the area under the treasure chest . When all 6 balls have been found and placed under the chest the 6th ball in makes the treasure chest pop open , so the player who places the 6th ball is technically the winner , but everyone is excited to see the chest open , so there in turn is technically not a loser .
 I am so happy to have found this game . My three-year-old son was often left out of the fun on cottage weekends , as his four-year-old and five-year old cousins would play stratego and battleship and the like , games far beyond his skill level.Then we found Cariboo . He loves it , the time span of each game is great for his still somewhat limited attention span , he learns from it , and his cousins enjoy it , too.I echo others when i say that the major downfall is that they have n't released more cards ... we have played so often now we 'd love to get beyond 3 and C , it 's beginning to get a little tired , but still a fabulous game , and excellent for three-year-olds !!
 I gave this to my just turned three year old son for Christmas and he loves it -LRB- and he has the attention span of a fly -RRB- . We 've given it as a birthday present to many of his friends , and their parents report they love it too . I get the best results when I play with him and hold the cards and the key , otherwise the whole game degenerates into an exercise in opening the little doors . The game is pretty solid but I gave it three stars for durability because the cards can become torn and scattered unless you 're vigilent , and there are balls and the magic key to keep track of as well . It strikes me as a little odd that small children love this game so much -- I mean , who would have thought ? But they do and I highly recommend it .
 I bought this game for my nephews , ages 4 and 2 . It was a huge hit . Even after 5 months they still love playing it . Educationally , it requires basic matching skills -LRB- numbers , colors , shapes , letters -RRB- . This is another great product from the folks at Cranium .
 My 4 year old son LOVES this game . The bright colors and activity involved keep his attention for at least 30 minutes . It 's fun , educational , and interactive .
 This was a favorite game for my two kids . I 'm sorry to hear that it might no longer be manufactured ? Even though my kids have outgrown it , they still want to keep it and love using the key to open the doors.As preschoolers , the idea is perfect . They do n't need to know how to read and their level of learning can be at colors or shapes , beginning letters , or groups of 1 , 2 , or 3 . Finding the balls is a joy to little kids and getting to use the key is super cool . When the treasure box opens , they are thrilled.I would recommend placing your child at the front of the game . Otherwise they can see sideways through the open doors to the bottom of the game and see if there are other balls nearby.They also always wanted to take the jewel out of the treasure chest but it is fixed in place . It would have been cool to have it removable.Sorry to see this game in limited availability but if you see it at a yard sale , pick it up !
 We had this a few years ago for our now seven year old daughter and when we lost it , we were kinda sad , but she had out grown it a bit by then . Well enter new baby now almost two . We play a lot of games with our older kids -LRB- 10 and seven -RRB- and so we wanted a game that the little one can play too . So glad we were able to replace this . She loves it and it is fun for the whole family to play something with the little one . So far we are only using the color cards , but she is getting the hang of it . Thanks Cariboo ! I only wish this game was n't cancelled !
 I am a pediatric Speech-Language Pathologist for a Children 's hospital in Virginia . My kids LOVE this game . It 's durable and fun for all . It helps them to match and name colors , shapes , numbers and simple letters . It also allows me to help them with turn-taking and other pragmatic language skills . I highly recommend this for any early language population and preschoolers , but my own teenager loved to try it out as well !!
 My sons absolutely LOVE this game . They do n't make it any longer , so it is very hard to find . It is fun for the whole family .
 This game is great as a therapy tool . As a speech therapist I use it for my kids who need practice with articulation or increase in expressive vocabulary . Very durable and adaptable with your own pictures .
 We bought this for our son for Christmas after seeing so many great reviews . I must say , we are not disappointed ! He played it 3 times this morning ! It promotes language , color , shapes , number and letter recognition and it 's just fabulous ! Lots of fun . Although he wishes he could actually take the treasure OUT and play with it when he wins . Other than that this game is definitely one of the best !
 This is great for the preschool crowd . A nice variety of things to do to get the result , 2 levels of play , fun reward for getting all the balls , creates excitement to see what is coming next . my daughter -LRB- 4 -RRB- even plays this solo - makes up her own games . I would recommend it to the 3s just learning letters/numbers , 4s who are good with them just fo reinforcement playing a game where they get lots of success with the letters etc. the only complaint is that the cards bend easily . When the kids switch them , they get pretty mangled . Otherwise , love it .
 We purchased this for my son 's 4th birthday . I wish I 'd gotten it when he was three . It has a beginner 's and advanced level , and the advanced level is pretty easy for him as a four year old . HOWEVER -- he loves this game , and it 's terrific at teaching teamwork . With some games we play , he gets mad when I win -LRB- which is a great time to teach him about sportsmanship -RRB- , but with this game , each player is a winner . I wish the company that makes this game would offer an additional set of cards and tile inserts that is an advanced-plus level .
 Bought for my 3 yr old Birthday . LOVED IT . Finding the `` magic balls '' that are hidden underneath each letter/picture and then putting them in a separate shoot and waiting until all 6 balls are found ... the magic chest opens up ! He played with this game by the hours and plays it by himself.Simple concept that little kids love to accomplish themselves .
 Our kids -LRB- 4 & 2 -RRB- love to play this game , and it 's simple enough that they can play on their own . It 's a quick game , so it avoids the boredom factor.Normally , I would have given the game a hit on durability , however , since it includes 6 brightly colored rubber balls which the kids like to play with apart from the game . Because of this , we ended up losing 2 of the balls , which left the game without the ability to open the treasure chest -LRB- the ultimate goal which the kids love -RRB- . However , I sent the company an e-mail 2 days ago asking to purchase replacement balls , and I received a full replacement set of balls in the mail today - free of charge.In today 's environment , it 's very rare to find a company producing such high quality and effective products with such a great level of support to back them up . Well done to the folks at Cranium - now could you please teach the other manufacturers ... ?
 My Granddaughters age 5 and 3 absolutely love to play and stay focused on the game . When something keeps the attention of children this age it 's well worth the money . They also are learning about counting and colors by playing .
 This is a great toy . My daughter has figured out all the letters and pictures , colors , and shapes . She loves it . It 's great fun .
 Another terrific game for children with autism . It was fun for the rest of the kids too . My grandson is 6 yrs . old & had a great time playing the game from the start . It reinforces what his classroom aides are teaching .
 my 4yr old boy with autism loved this game ! We bought him several games this Christmas and he keeps wanting to play this one ALL the time . I think they did a great job designing this game and the colors are attractive . I hope they plan to expand and add additional game cards in the future . Educational & Fun !
 This is one game that really gets the suggested age right ! My three year old twins LOVE this game . They ask to play `` balls '' all the time . They are learning to take turns and share . It also teaches them colors , numbers , and letters ... did I mention that they just turned three . I am really impressed with this game . We have the older version because we used it with my now eight year old , but I am going to buy the new expanded one because I love it that much .
 I am glad I ignored some of the negative comments regarding this game and purchased it anyhow . I know some reviewers thought that there was not much to this game and that kids quickly tired of it . However , this has become the favorite of my 3 year old . We have yet to try the `` advanced pack '' included , and she is still have lots of fun with just the beginner level.Beyond what you are given in this game , there is lots of room to add things on your own . Even for the `` artistically challenged '' parent , with just a few blank index cards , a pack of colored pencils -LRB- or stickers -RRB- and about 20 minutes of your time , you can bring this game to a whole new level . Since the cards just snap into the game top , it would be easy to draw another set that is a bit more challenging or better meets the interests of your child.I also found this game to be a great way to teach turn-taking . Since there is only one key , it 's not possible for another child to jump ahead of their turn.Overall , I found this game to be well put together , interesting for children and has the potential to be expanded by the parent to a more challenging level . The only warning I can offer is that the small balls included are very tempting -LRB- just like superballs ! -RRB- . I would guard them since all 6 are required to open the treasure chest . Thus if one was lost , the game would be useless .
 My 21/2 year old received this for Christmas a week ago . She asks to play this game all day . I think our record is 6 or 7 times in one day . Mom and Dad love it because it is short enough to play `` one more game if you go brush your teeth and get jammies on fast ! '' Although she has mastered the letters , shapes , and numbers parts of the game , she is learning about taking turns and playing games with other people . Instead of having one person win , we celebrate finding the treasure as a team . That helps with the frustration of losing - a lesson to be learned when she is a little older . This is by far , her favorite present of this holiday season .
 My daughter just turned 5 , and she got this game for Christmas . Although she knows all her numbers , shapes , letters and colors , she really seems to be enjoying playing this game . She plays it with her 2 year old brother . Since I showed her how to play , she can easily play with him without my help . Even though she is n't really learning from it , he is , and they seem to enjoy the search for the balls and opening the treasure chest when they find them all . I am glad we got it . We will be adding more Cranium games to our collection in the future .
 My 5 year old got this game for his birthday and it is way too easy for him . His 2 year old brother loves it , though . Yes , I know the balls are a choking hazard . I would highly recommend this game for 3-4 year olds but definitely not 5 and 6 . Although , I liked the reviewer 's idea of closing the doors afterwards . That 's a great idea to extend the life of the game .
 My son got Cariboo as a gift for Christmas 2003 , and shows no sign of getting bored with it ! It 's a fast-paced , fun game that I enjoy playing nearly as much as he does . Incidentally , my 21/2 year old daughter is starting to show an interest in the game , so I see lots more `` Cariboo '' in my future .
 My daughter loves this game !!! She started playing it when she was two -LRB- she is now 3 -RRB- . It is very well made , and I like the way it is contained in the box . My three year old will play it by herself or with her older sister . I do n't have to do anything ! Great time to make lunch or dinner .
 My son received this when he was 4yrs old & loved it . He does n't have any siblings so we would have to play with him but we did n't mind . The game is fun and quick at least compared to other games.He also received a chutes n ladders game and a memory card game that christmas . He enjoyed these also but they take a bit longer to play . The cariboo game was a good game to play before bed and I have to say his favorite , I think that 's b/c whoever won opened the treasure chest to find the jewel .
 I bought this game for my twin three year old boys , and they love it . They want to play it over and over again -- every single day ! Yes , it 's not the most educational game , but being three is about more than learning all the time . It is more of a stealth learning game , and they do love it . The balls are of a size that are easily replaced if lost , you can substitute for the key , and new cards can be made . If my twins have n't broken it yet , that says alot . We have definitely gotten our money 's worth . Not a game for kids to play alone .
 I highly recommend this game for any child three years of age or older . My son , who just turned five , got it this last Christmas and ca n't get enough of it . He can play it with his friends with minimal adult supervision . He loves it when he finds all the balls and can open the treasure . It 's a bit educational because you have to know your color , shapes , and be able to count up to four .
 My 21/2 year old absolutely loves this game ! She already knows her colors , shapes and some of the numbers and letters but never gets bored looking for the hidden balls . I enjoy teaching our daughter about taking turns with others . We 've had so much fun with Cariboo that I bought six more to give to friends over the holidays -- they 're also great to have on hand for upcoming 3 yr . old birthday parties !
 This was one of the biggest hits of Xmas
 My son got this for his 3rd birthday & he wants to play it constanly . Not only is is simple enough for him to play but it also reinforces his basic knowledge of colors , numbers & letters . The games are short & fun & keeps his attention . My daughter who is 6 loves to play it too & she can even play it with her brother without adult assistance since the rules are so simple & easy to follow . The newer versions of this game now have a beginner level & an advanced level . The advanced level is perfect for my 6 year old to play with us so it will stretch out the usefulness of this game for a few more years for my 3 year old son . My only complaint is that the hidden balls are not so hidden once the surrounding doors are opened , then you can see if there is a ball under some of the doors before they have been opened . It is no big deal really but if they could change one thing it should be to conceal the balls better . But overall , this is a great game for families with young children !
 I have a 3 yr old and a 51/2 yr old ... its finally a game we can all play as a family without it being too hard for the little one . They call it the treasure game and see finding the balls as a treasure hunt . My 3 year old knows all his colors and shapes and is learning to recognize the numbers on the cards and corresponding shapes on the box lids ... he loves it . They love to win it and they love that we 'll play it a million times in a row so everyone has the chance . Its fast enough to do a quickie before bed or to sit and play over and over . And because its so fast they know if they do n't find the last ball , they will have another chance fairly soon.My 3 yr old isnt ' into Candyland , etc. . . too much patience is required ... but he LOVES this game ! My 51/2 yr old loves it too and it simply reinforces the stuff he 's learned already which is great ... and he likes to help his little brother too . Its the best game out there for families with young kids as they can all get involved .
 They wo n't even know they are `` learning . '' This game rewards kids quick with the treasure hunt format ! I like how the edition we received for my 4 yr . old has beginner cards & advanced cards . The beginner set allows kids to match letters , numbers , and colors with doors on the game board . Great fine motor skills are used for turning the key for each door ! Advanced cards provide decoding practice , beginning reading skills , advacned counting , etc.We play this game over and over . LOVE IT !
 This is a well thought out excellent board game for everyone ! Each child gets to be in charge of the key which is something kids love . You can play with a mixed age group as some ca n't count yet and older children are bored with simple things sometimes . Every turn is a surprise if whether you get a treasure ball or not and everyone is working together to get the treasure chest . The box IS the game so storage and keeping track of the few parts is a snap . I bought it hoping it would just be more fun than Candyland or Chutes & Ladders as not only were my husband and I bored with those games but my 3 year old was definetely no longer interested . We played it and I immediately bought one for her preschool and all of my nephews . It is now my favorite gift to give for birthdays . Absolutely excellent as a first board game to help them get interested in board games and just as excellent as a 100th board game as it 's got so many tangible parts and is lots of fun . Nice work Cranium . This board game is anything but `` bored . ''
 My kids loved this game when they were 3 and 5 . At 5 and 7 they have definitely outgrown it , since they 've figured out that it 's not too hard to see where the balls are if you look right -LRB- what kid can resist that ?! -RRB- . It was great fun for them to discover the balls , and the highlight of the game of course was opening the treasure chest . For the adults , though , it took a lot of patience to play it over and over again with my kids . But for little ones that enjoy matching/memory games , this is a wonderfully interactive game that is a step up from the classic memory card games .
 The game features several balls -LRB- too big to be swallowed -RRB- that are `` hidden '' in spaces under the gaming surface . The game surface is made of several doors that are covered with a varying number of shapes in different colors . The child -LRB- or parent -RRB- selects a card from a pile and is supposed to select a `` door '' that matches the card . The players are expected to count to four , identify basic colors , and identify simple shapes . -LRB- Example
 I was unsure when I ordered this toy , due to the varying reviews . However , now that we have it in hand , I can say that I definately recommend it . Both my three y.o. boy and six y.o. girl love it . It 's a good challenge for him , and way too easy for her , but the mechanism fascinates both equally . And , even though the previous reviewers were correct in saying that the `` academic '' content is quite limited -LRB- ABC , 123 , red-green-yellow-blue -RRB- , it will be a simple matter to make it more complex by creating my own cards and door covers and substituting them for the factory ones . Soon we can branch out to DEF , etc. , and I can even see putting addition facts on the top of it for my daughter . I 'm surprised Cranium does n't provide supplemental card and door sets . In sum , the toy is somewhat limited in what it can teach , but with a little parental creativity this can be a great teaching/playing tool for a while to come .
 My son received Cariboo for his third birthday . We were able to get it setup and playing within minutes . My son loves this game and asks to play each day .
 My daughters , ages 2 and 4 , love to play this game with their friends ! It has not only helped my two-year old daughter learn the three very basics of 123 , ABC , and red/green/blue , she has also become quite adept at inserting the key into the hole . And when she finds a ball ... whoa ! It is fun for my four-year old and her friends as well ; even though they know the basics , the search for the balls that open the treasure is still the most exciting part . I , too , have ammended the game slightly to make it a little more challenging for them . We have enjoyed this game so much that I have purchased Hullabaloo -LRB- for the same set of daughters -RRB- and Cadoo -LRB- for my nine-year old -RRB- ! We ca n't wait to try them !
 We bought this game because the next `` level '' of cranium game would be cadoo which is ages 7 & up . My daughter is 4.5 and it was fun the first 2 times we played it and then it got boring . Another reviewer had the right idea when they said to make variations up . It helps the game last much longer than if there were none . My daughter really likes the bouncy balls and the key though . Bottom line is that if your kids know their abc 's and 123 's then I would suggest you find another game . It 's a great beginning game though !
 Man , it 's hard to find a good family game these days . If you 've already bought the classics , then there are very few games out there that are n't simply rehashed TV episodes . True , the kids might clamor for a Powerpuff Girls or Dexter 's Lab game , but they 're poorly designed and the gameplay does n't even sustain the kids through the first evening of play.Cranium Cariboo , on the other hand , has enough sound and motion and excitement to keep the attention of the video game generation while still doing some genuine teaching . Granted , it 's not PhD-level stuff , but this is about fun , not homework . We found Cranium Cariboo to be the sort of game that almost always gets taken out of the game closet first , and that 's the highest recommendation our family can give any game -- especially at gift giving time . Enjoy !
 My son played this game all day ! The television never got turned on ! Levi was as excited to play this game with us as by himself . He played it over and over again . I 'm sure the initial excitement will wear off - but every visitor to our home is sure to be offered the Cariboo challenge!Other good points -- there is not a lot of set-up involved to play this game . The game is fairly self-contained -- the pieces tend not to stray too far .
 My 5yr old loves this game ! It 's one she can play over & over , sometimes even by herself . My one problem with the game is that the `` doors '' that are unlocked do not have interchangeable cards . By the 5th round of playing , my daughter had practically memorized the board . Being able to change the cards on the doors would make the game much more challenging . Other than that one alteration , this game is excellent for preschoolers .
 My two and half year-old loved this game from the moment we opened the box . She played it over and over again , squealing with glee everytime she unlocked a door with the key and found a ball . I do agree with one of the previous reviews , it would be nice to have interchangable cards . That would increase the educational value of the game . I still say this game is great !
 This game was given to my children as a gift when they were 5 and 2 . We 've had it for almost a year and they both love it . Having a beginner and advanced set of cards helps stretch this game for a longer usability period . This is also one of the few games that my children can -LRB- and WILL ! -RRB- play independently together . They share the key , take turns , cheer each other on and have fun . They -LRB- and I -RRB- love that they can play this game together without mom . AND , the games are short enough that I will often stop what I 'm doing to play this . It 's also short enough to hold my two year old 's attention through an entire game . I could n't be happier.The only snag we hit was when the game was left down low for a while and the kids started playing with the balls as toys . Within a week , half of the balls were lost . Hearing about Cranium 's great customer service , I emailed them asking them how to order another set of balls . I just heard back from them and they are sending me a new set of balls free . Now THAT is great customer service ! I am very impressed and will be putting more games from this great company on our Christmas list !
 You have to love a game that only has a 4 step How-to-Play instruction card.My 8 year old got this for his birthday . It 's a fun game that all three of my kids can play ALONE 3,5 & 7 -LRB- the 5 & 8 yr old help the 3 with her counting -RRB- . I only wish it included more letters and numbers in the cards and board -LRB- why I gave it a 4 instead of 5 stars in the educational field -RRB- . It would be nice to be able to mix up the squares as well . I think I 'll get the Cadoo version for the 7 year old to play with friends and for all of us to play but this one is great for the kids to play by themselves . They love the fact they can set it up and play without Mom and Dad !!!
 My not quite 21/2 year old son has many fixations , especially holes - dark holes ! This game is his dream come true , while we are n't utilizing the cards just yet , he can not get enough of dropping the balls in the holes , unlocking the door with the key , and finally revealing the treasure . I disagree with the non-interchangeable card comments . Whether your child memorizes what is on the doors is irrelevant - it 's matching the card to something and being rewarded with the possiblilty of finding a ball that makes it fun . Not just for the kids either , we love playing with our son too . It is just a well thought out , well made game that will be a hit for a few years . As it says on the box - ages 3 to 6 .
 This is a review of the children 's game , CariBoo , by Cranium . It requires no batteries , which is great . It has two sets of cards for either Beginner or Advanced levels of playing , which is also nice . It 's ideal for preschool-age children . The skills required include simple counting , matching colors/shapes/letters - even in the ` Advanced ' level . However , the fun is in hoping to find a Treasure Ball under one of the Doors , so older children often enjoy playing this with a younger child . I would n't buy this game for anyone beyond kindergarten-level , although , as an adult , I have n't gotten tired of playing it yet . =o-RRB- One game takes only 5-10 minutes to play , which goes by fast . -LRB- Much speedier than Candyland ! -RRB- When you remove the lid of the box , you find the bottom part of the box - the game itself - already assembled . =o-RRB- There are three holes along the top of the game board to drop six bright rubber balls . They roll around and randomly settle under different doors , in shallow pockets . It helps to jiggle the game slightly , to make sure each ball found its own pocket to settle in . You need to play this game on a hard , level surface , because otherwise the balls can be easily jarred from their pockets . Even then , sometimes a ball wo n't settle into a pocket , and when you open the Door you see two balls crowded there . We just consider that a Special Bonus.If you want to play the Beginner Level , you 're ready to play now . The youngest player goes first . She draws a card from the Beginner Deck , and it will either be a Letter -LRB- A , B , or C -RRB- , a Number -LRB- 1,2,3 , or 4 -RRB- , a Color -LRB- blue , yellow , red , or green -RRB- , or a Shape -LRB- circle , square , or triangle -RRB- . No reading is required for either level of this game.In each door , a card-insert shows a picture . -LRB- You would have to flip over the card-inserts to play the Advanced Level . -RRB- For the Beginning Level , the card-inserts each show a picture like three red round Cupcakes , or one green square Alligator . If you drew a C card from the Beginner deck of cards , you can choose any door that has a C -- picture . The pictures are all clearly labeled , so nonreaders just match the beginning letters which are bold and capitalized.The player inserts the tip of the key into a little hole above the door , which makes the door pop open . Then you look down in there , to see if a Treasure Ball happened to settle underneath that door . If so , the player pulls it out and drops it into the hole/chute along the right side of the game board , which leads to the Treasure Chest . -LRB- Nothing happens yet . -RRB- Play continues , and as balls are found , they are all dropped into the hole/chute leading to the Treasure . The player who finds the last Treasure Ball -LRB- of six -RRB- is the Winner . This last ball must be pressed into the crowded chute , which pushes the line of balls to press a hidden lever which makes the lid of the Treasure Chest slowly open . The Treasure Chest has gold glitter and a large plastic gem that does not come out . It 's just exciting to see the Chest open . That 's the end of the game!For the Advanced Level of play , the deck of cards have either an uppercase/lowercase set of letters -LRB- Aa , Mm , Oo , etc. - printed in four different colors -RRB- , or a numeral from 1 to 10 -LRB- printed in four different colors -RRB- . The player can choose to open a Door with a picture of that many objects -LRB- 8 strawberries , etc. -RRB- or if the label of the picture includes the Letter he drew -LRB- does n't have to be the first letter -RRB- . OR , they can open a door if the picture is the color of their printed letter/numeral . The game moves fairly quickly , and does n't have to be played competitively . A child could play alone , or with one player drawing the cards and the other player using the Key each time , etc. . It could even be played alone.Our preschool daughter LOVES this game and begs to keep playing it over and over again . I highly recommend it for FUN , and developing quick observation skills - although there is no time-limit , the excitement of possibly finding a Treasure Ball motivates the child to quickly count sets or seek matching letters.Great game !!!!
 I highly recommend this game for the 3-5 set . Actually , even my 6 year old is enchanted by the game . I should add that it is too easy for a 6 year old and wo n't hold their attention for long . Better for 3-5 year olds . Game focuses on basic shapes , colors , counting and abc 's -LRB- just a-b-c actually -RRB- . Using the provided manipulatives -LRB- key and balls -RRB- are good for fine motor skills . Great graphics , self-contained game board , kid-sized manipulatives and very limited parts all make this a winner . This game is so much more entertaining , educational and better made then any other game I have seen for this age group .
 My 3 year old son received this game for Christmas and he positively loves it ! I was beginning to think that a game did n't exist that would be both easy enough for him to understand and fun enough for him to play , but here it is.Basically , you draw cards with a number , shape or color , match them with the ones on the board and open the little doors with the magic key . There are rubber balls under some of the doors and if you find all of them they will open the treasure chest , which is how you win the game.We 've played this game as a family and all of us had fun . It 's also the only game that my 3 and 6 year olds can play together without help from a grownup , which is great if I have work to do . My son -LRB- who 's normally a very active person -RRB- loves opening the little doors and will sit for hours playing quietly by himself , which makes this game worth every penny and then some.The only problem I 've found is that my son managed to pop one of the doors out , but it was easy enough to pop back in and it has n't happened again.All in all , this is a great game !
 I have 2 boys ages 41/2 and 3 -LRB- in 2 weeks -RRB- . This is the first game that they will sit and play with each other w/o an adult playing with them . It is easy enough that they can play a game and when it is over they can get it ready for the next game . The games are nice and short , usually about 4 to 6 minutes.My 41/2 year old said he loves this game because he loves to find the treasure -LRB- the rubber balls -RRB- . I highly recommend this game for children around my kids ages.It is well made so I expect it to last until they get too old .
 My three year old girl likes this game . She also enjoys playing by herself.I wish it included more letters , numbers and colors to make it more challenging for ages 3-6 . I also noticed that one of the door does not close properly .
 I was disappointed the first time we played Cariboo . I expected more from Cranium especially for ages 3-6 . My kids ages 4 and 6 were bored with it after 1 or 2 times playing it . Not only that , after they changed the cards from basic to advanced twice , the cards became bent and now do n't fit on the doors very well.With that said , my two year old loves it and will benefit from learning colors , shapes and basic counting and letters . Bottom line , if your children know their shapes , colors and letters , this game is not for you . It is good for children ages 2 to 3 and possibly early 4 's . A better game for ages 5 and 6 -LRB- and some 4 year olds -RRB- is Blink , a card game that teaches shape , color and number recognition . It is fast-paced and actually fun for parents , too ! -LRB- unlike Cariboo -RRB- It is our favorite family game and is half the price of Cariboo .
 I have eight children ranging from 18 to 4 years of age . They all look forward to playing Cranium together , even if the little ones need help . Some of my children are very artistic but not super spellers and others have the opposite strengths , so they have competitive edges in different parts of the game.Cranium is a great purchase for families and I am always interested in this company 's latest offerings . However , since Amazon posts reviews of all of the company 's games together , it would be very helpful if reviewers stated which game they are commenting on .
 We received this game for our four year-old last year and he loved it . He turned five not long after he got it and his brother turned two . We were able to use this game in different ways for both of them to enjoy.The only complaints I would have are that the balls are easily lost and that the cards are very small.That being said , our whole family enjoys playing this game , although our older son quickly grew out of it . He enjoys Cadoo more . The younger one learned his numbers very quickly using this game and he still enjoys playing with it.I would recommend this game for ages 21/2 - 4 .
 We received this for a gift for my then 3 year old . It was so much fun . My kindergartener loved it and so did my friend 's 18 month old . The kids pick a card and match the letter , color , shape with one of the doors . When they find a match , they use a key to open the door to see if they can find a ball . If they find the ball , they put it in a special hole . When enough balls fill that hole , a treasure chest opens . It looks made to have a non-competitive feel , with all kids working together to open the chest . However , competitive kids will find a way to compete , and my daughter decided the way to win was to be the first to open the chest . Younger kids like the 18 month old do n't pay attention to the cards , they just poke around looking for the ball , but I could tell even she had the right idea.Pros : + educational , teaches letters , numbers and colors + can be played by one player or multiple players + two difficulty levels to provide appropriate challengeCons : - do n't lose the balls or you wo n't be able to open the treasure chest-cards on doors can fall off easilySUMMARYExcellent preschool game for toddlers through kindergarteners . Learn through play !
 I bought and played this game with my 2.5 year old niece . She loves it and asks to play daily . It is great for teaching her colors , 1 , 2 , 3 , A , B , C , and shapes . She does not understand the concept of numbers yet so she struggles with those . However , she is getting much better daily with matching the others letters , colors , and shapes . I look forward to trying the advanced card set -LRB- included -RRB- when she gets good enough .
 I read reviews before I bought this game , and I took into consideration that my 3 year old might get bored since he already knows his colors , shapes , and numbers for well over a year . However , he had so much fun with this game ! He played over and over . I also remember reading that reviewers felt their children were n't excited about the treasure chest opening after the first few times the game was played . Well , to keep the game going I wrote a message on a little piece of paper and put it in the treasure chest without my kids knowing , at first it was an easy note that said `` look in your sock drawer for a surprise '' and while they played I put a fruit roll up in their sock drawer . The next note said `` Look in your toybox in the dump truck '' and I put stickers . Then I would make it more of a treasure hunt -LRB- to go with the theme of the treasure -RRB- `` look in your suess book '' then the note in the suess book would say `` look in your cereal bowl '' etc. until they were searching around the house . It was fun !
 This is a fun game that is contained in the box -- just lift the lid -- much easier to set up than most board games . However , this game only covers the first three letters of the alphabet , the three primary colors , numbers 1 , 2 and 3 and three basic shapes . If your child already knows these concepts well , they will get bored with this game as soon as the novelty of the game 's design wears off . Expect the small balls , tiny cards and plastic key piece to get lost . It 's an expensive game because of its innovative design , so ask for it as a gift.Note to the game designers
 We got this for my 3 year old for Christmas and he loves it . He loves playing it with daddy and me , but he also enjoys playing it by himself . My son does know his alphabet , shapes , numbers , etc. , but he still requires `` direction '' in most games -LRB- like Candyland and Chutes and Ladders -RRB- . This one he totally `` gets . '' He has a pretty average attention span for a 3 year old boy and this game works well for that because it takes about 5-10 minutes to complete the game ! He can stick with it to the end . Like most preschooler games , it does get very boring -LRB- for adults -RRB- very quickly , but I really enjoy playing a game with my son that he thoroughly understands and does not have to be guided through .
 What a great game for your Pre schooler . My Son can not get enough of this game . I love the fact that it really makes the kids think and make choices . The cards have either a color , number or shape on them . The child has a number of windows that match the card . After choosing one they use the key to open the window and see if there is a ball . Finding the balls is so much fun for them . We close the window after opening it so that it also makes them remember if they already checked that window . You put all the balls in the treasure hole and when all six are found the treasure opens.Another great thing about this is that your child is able to play by himself . My Son often plays with the cat . Definatly a great toy for 3-4 year olds . 5 year olds will still like it but will find it less engrossing .
 I recently purchased this toy for my just four year old son . He knows his colors , shapes and letter names but he is getting some basic number recognition and concept skills while playing this game . My five year old daughter likes playing with him as well but her favorite part of playing is making up adventures about how they are going to find all the balls to open the treasure . She has even made a treasure map for her and her brother . This game allows them to use their imagination . My favorite part of the game is that my two children can play this game by themselves with minimal supervision . We have many , many games and this is the only one I have that my four year old can play and enjoy without an adult supervising .
 My 4yr old daughter got this for her birthday , and she loves it , it 's an easy game that the whole family can do together . It teaches colors , shapes , numbers . We recommend it for anyone who is looking for a game that doesnt have small pieces and is easy enough to understand for small children to play .
 This is my 3-year-old 's favorite game . It is not super challenging for her , but that 's OK . Some of the games out there for 3-year-olds are actually fairly difficult to play , with complicated rules that are hard for young ones to comprehend . Cranium Cariboo is simple and straightforward , which means no frustration for me or my daughter . When I recently saw them on sale at Toys R Us , I stocked up on the game for birthday presents for my daughter 's friends !
 I purchase this game for my 4 yr old grandson because of the reviews on this site . He and his friends , and his 3 yr old sister love it ! Despite being so young , the game is designed especially for little ones with almost no attention span ! They sit and play , follow directions , and have a great time . It is one of their favorites . Mom & Dad love it too , because even they have fun when playing it . Thank you for the reviews . They are such a help when I look for that special gift .
 My 4-year olf son LOVES this game but it really needs more of a challenge . The concept of the game is GREAT and lots of fun for him but it is not at all challenging . Supplemental cards would be so helpful !
 This is a great game . I bought it for my 31/2 year old son - and he wants to play it all the time - he even wants to take it to day care to share with his friends . I 've tried other traditional kids games - Hi-Ho Cherryo , Candyland , Chutes 'n Ladders - to teach him game etiquette , and this has been the best by far . I would , however , like to see more letters , numbers , colors , and shapes . My son , on the other hand , doesn ' seem to mind .
 My son loves all things pirate like , treasure hunts , etc. . So this game 's idea of unlocking a treasure box is fun for him . It is simple enough for him to play with an adult -LRB- we got it a few months before he turned 4 -RRB- , but I 'm not sure if he 's able to do it alone or with another child yet . You basically draw a card and open a secret compartment that corresponds to your card -LRB- for example the card says `` A '' or `` 2 '' or has a circle or color on it ; Door have things such as 2 red airplanes in the shape of triangles , so they can be chosen for their shape or color or number or letter ... -RRB- It has a more advanced version for when he is ready for more variety than the basic ABC/123 's . Inside the compartments one will sometimes find a rubber ball , and if so , that ball is placed in a track on the side of the board . When all balls are in the track the treasure chest opens up and reveals gold sparkles and a purple plastic gem . We 've had a lot of fun playing this game , so I 'd highly recommend it !
 This is a great toy for my 3 year old . With the new booster pack , and the ability to change for any letter and numbers to 10 , this is even more educational . Finding the ball under the door is a bonus , and keeps the kids guessing . My daughter learned most of her letters and the numbers 1 - 10 from this game . Even my 6 year old will sit down and play with her , which is hard for him to do with a lot of games . This one can be played by the whole family , and teaches even when it is another players turn . Another great hit from Cranium . *** For those who have the older version with only A B and C cards , contact Cranium , via their web site , and they will send you the `` booster '' pack , free of charge .
 We received Cariboo as a Christmas present about 2 years ago and it 's been loved ever since . My son -LRB- 5 at the time -RRB- played often with his little sisters , and when my youngest reached 18 months old , she would play along , too -LRB- with guidance -RRB- . -LRB- The balls are choking hazards for really little ones . -RRB- While the doors can come off , they are easy to put back on , and I recommend storing the balls inside the gameboard , ready for the next game , rather than in the little area provided , as the balls do n't stay there very well , but I have to say this is one of my favorite games , especially as my son still enjoys playing it , and as it is more of a co-operation game rather than a competition game.Also , we gave one to my son 's kindergarden class that same year , and it quickly became the favorite game for all the students , so much so , that the teacher had to create a schedule for when each table could play it!Cariboo is a fantastic game !
 My daughter received this gift for her third birthday . She has mastered her colors and her shapes , which allowed her to play the game without serious frustration . It became clear that she was definitely challenged by the counting ! She gets such a thrill when she finds a ball , that I ca n't help but laugh . I do agree that once a child has mastered the color , shape , number and letters - that this might not be anymore fun . But , until then we are having a blast ! I highly recommend it for ages 21/2 to 4 . Perhaps it would be a good idea if `` upgrades '' to the squares and cards could be purchased to replace the cards on the doors , to grow with the child .
 I bought this game because it was requested by my childs speech teacher . The game is a must have for little ones . I have changed the pictures to make the game more difficult . getting the chest to open at the end is the greatest thing .
 Essentially , I would say that Cariboo is a gamed geared for three and four year olds . It 's fun and educational . Children love the balls and using the key to open up the surprise boxes . And for the right age range Cariboo will allow children to learn and practice their letters , colors and numbers as well as learn how to take turns . -LRB- It 's amazing how hard that concept can be to learn - lol -RRB- Other points of interest -- this game is NOT noisy , and it is not one of those onerous games that older children and adults avoid like the plague.Four Stars . Only good for a short while , but it serves it purpose in allowing children to learn and practice their number , letter , color , and turn-taking skills . In our experience , a game that adults and older children do n't mind playing .
 My 4 year old son , an only child , got this for his bday ! It is so AWESOME that he can be entertained playing A GAME BY HIMSELF ! or we can all sit down and play as a family ! It seems to never get old ! He does like to replace the balls with small toys for some variation though ! I personally feel this is a must have for all children ! Perfect price , great fun , fantastic to learn by , and so much more !! Happy gaming !
 We bought this game for my oldest child when he was three -LRB- he 's now 6 -RRB- . He loved it . Amazingly enough we never lost a piece of this game . Just recently my 30 month old unearthed it from the games closet . It has become his favorite game . He can do the colors and shapes without help but we still have to remind him about the letters and numbers . He will play this game five times in a row without stopping . My six year old is happy to play it with him and it will actually keep both boys entertained long enough for me to start supper and other such chores . The only problem is we wish it had expansion packs like other Cranium games . It would n't be that hard to change out the pieces on the board itself .
 awesome game for teaching basic game-playing skills along with the obvious numbers , colors and beginning letters . highly recommend this one .
 I got this game for my 3 year old son this Christmas . It was a hit from the beginning . The game keeps him entertained , because he never knows where the balls will be and he loves seeing the treasure chest open at the end of the game . It 's great that there are no winners in this game , which teaches young players about teamwork . An added plus is that my 17 month old daughter also loves this game . Of course she ca n't identify all the concepts the cards ask her to look for , but she has fun helping us unlock the doors and she gets really excited when she finds a ball . Sometimes we play the game without the cards , so that she can really participate . Both kids just take turns unlocking the doors once the balls are hidden and they have a blast . I also got this game for my 31/2 year old neighbor and she played the game non-stop for over 1/2 an hour when she first opened it . Bottom line is it 's simple , fun , and educational .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old and 21/2 year old two weeks ago . It has clearly proved to be one of my more brilliant purchases . We have played this game every day since . Although it is not too challenging for my 4 year old , she loves to find the balls , especially the final one that opens the treasure chest . I typically dread playing most of their games with them , but Cariboo is a fun game -- who does n't like a treasure hunt ??? The other nice feature about this game is that it takes only 10 minutes to play , which is the right amount of time to keep my little one 's attention . While it reinforces what my older one already has learned , it teaches my younger one some new concepts . I think this game is a winner !
 Cranium Cariboo is fabulous ! My son received it for Christmas , and our family has played it nearly every day since . It 's an easy and fun game for the little ones , and they can do it on their own , too , but it 's more fun to be there watching them match the color , number , letter , or shape on their card to the doors on the board . If they get too exuberant and pop a door off , it is fairly easy to snap it back into place , so I 'd have to say this game is durable . They also provide a nice tray to store the cards , key , and balls in , though we 've found it 's easier to store the balls inside the game itself . I really think this game is one of the best educational and fun games I 've seen .
 My daughter is 2 years , 4 months and she received this game as a Christmas gift . It is FABULOUS ! She takes it out and plays with it every day . The recommended age may be 3 , but if your child knows shapes , letters , or colors , then he/she can play it without any difficulty . We are a `` gaming '' kind of family -- we like to try just about anything out there . A lot of them are so dreadful -- not at all challenging -- so she plays with them once or twice , and then loses interest . Plus , as a parent , it 's torture to have to play a silly , too easy game with no educational value . Sure , we get tired of Cariboo after a while , but it is probably the best game out there for this age group . We would also recommend any of the games made by Brainquest .
 My almost 3 year old got this game for Christmas and just loves it . The concepts -LRB- letters , colors and numbers -RRB- are simple enough that he can even play with his friends -LRB- no adult participation required -RRB- ! It is definately one of his favorite new toys .
 My 21/2 year old received this game for Christmas and absolutely loves it . He takes it out at least once a day to play . The manufacturer 's recommended minimum age is 3 , this site recommends minimum age of 4 , but my I definitely do n't think it is too old for my son . If you child knows his/her basic colors , shapes , capital letters -LRB- ABC -RRB- , and can count up to 4 objects , there 's not reason to wait - and it really is fun !
 I got this for my kids after reading some reviews , and I have to say it was the most played with toy on Christmas morning ! My 7 yr old , 4 year old and even the 2 year old just loves this game ! I would recommend this game to all !
 My 4 year old niece loves , loves , loves this game . I 'm not sure she 's quit playing it since Christmas . And adults do n't seem to mind it either . My one and only reservation is that it might be a bit to simplistic for the average 6 year old ... I guess I 'll find out in a couple of years when my niece turns 6 ...
 My 3-year old daughter loves this game , however I do n't think it would hold a 6 - or 7-year old 's attention for long .
 We got this game as a Christmas Present . We now drag it where ever we go ! My kids LOVE this game . It 's fun for kids and adults . My kids are 5 3 , they both can play - which is great at this age . It 's very education , has been fairly durable , although we have had some issues with a door breaking -LRB- It was an easy fix however -RRB- . My kids BEG to play this game and we 've had hours of fun . I highly recommend this game . Makes a great birthday or christmas gift . We 've had it for over a year and it 's still a big hit
 I ordered Cariboo for two sets of grandchildren . Both found the game highly entertaining and stimulating . The mother 's loved it too . My order through Amazon arrived in Houston in good time even amidst hurricane Ike .
 Our 2.5 year old loves this game ! Educational and fun . Can be modified to make it easier for younger kids or a bit more challenging for preschoolers .
 I bought this for my daughter who is nearly three and she loves it . It is alot of fun and very educational . She is loves to use the key to open the ` doors ' and to put the balls in the slot to try to open the treasure chest . One of the good points is that you can finish the game in about 10 - 15 minutes - which is a big plus . I would highly recommend it .
 This is a great game simply because it is quick and easy . We play it over and over and over at my daughters request ... and I do n't mind . I can only take a limited time of Candyland and the such . She will even play by herself for a good length of time . Yes , you can see the balls , but you need to get the card to open the door . Yes , it has colors , numbers and letters - good reinforcement but it is n't a `` educational toy . '' The cool thing is that you get to stick a key in a hole and it opens . Simple fun ! And when you get all the balls the treasure opens ! It 's like magic to a 3 year old ! Mine is enthralled . The only bad thing is that the balls do not travel into spaces as well as it seems like they could ... I do shake the box around to ensure they fall under separate doors .
 I bought this game after playing one of the other cranium games . My two boys have loved it !! It is a very simple format which is great for beginner learners and it has some hands on as well . It teaches colors , counting to four , shapes , recognizing groups of 1,2,3,4 and letter recognization , only the first 3 though , A , B , C.I have yet to convince my kids though that it is about group effort and working together as a team .
 My son is 2 and loves this game . It holds his attention and he wants to play over and over . It is a great learning game and just plain fun!I love to see how excited he gets when he gets a ball . He also is learning how to take turns which is the best part !
 Surprising how much the kids like this one . Was not expecting it , but I am always looking for ways to ` reach ' my boy who has autism . His therapists said it was a great motivator .
 To play this game you draw a card and match the card to a card on the board . The cards on the board flip over so you try to find the balls underneath . When you find a ball you put it in the slot on the side and when you find all of them you can pop the treasure chest open . It 's very different and it 's fun too . It 's easy enough for my 3 y/o and it has 2 sets of cards one is easier than the other .
 This is a great game for 2 to five years old . They have so much fun using the key searching for the balls and making up their own versions . The two year old is not quite into reading the cards yet , but with her big 5 year old brother , she attempts to do so and he reads the cards to her and helps her along . I highly recommend this game . It is a great beginning following the rules of the game or not .
 My daughter first played this game at a friend 's house . She was 21/2 at the time and enjoyed opening the doors with the key and putting the balls into the holes . She was not interested in the cards or playing by the instructions . She was exploring.Now she 's 31/2 and has her own copy . She still enjoys the game very much . Sometimes she plays by the rules and uses the cards , reviewing numbers , alphabet , and shapes . Sometimes she prefers playing alone , opening doors and putting the balls into the holes . Her newest twist is to put her finger into the glitter in the treasure chest and decorate her -LRB- and her mother 's -RRB- face.For little ones , it is a good game for learning to take turns , as well as learning numbers , alphabet , and shapes . It is also good for simple dexterity and concentration . If you teach your child to hold the key with the thumb , index , and middle fingers , it is a precursor to holding a pencil properly.I have n't made picture , phonics , math , or word cards yet to fit the door slots , but it seems like that might be a fun next couple of steps to increase the challenge and learning potential of the game .
 My kids ADORE this game ... ages 3 and 4 . We 've played it with friends ages 1 and 2 as well and the rules are just modified . The kids all love seeing the treasure chest open every time . I wish there were more cards that I could get for the game just to advance it a bit , but I can also make some . A great purchase !!
 I wondered how fast my nephew and niece were going to get tired of playing the game and whether we would finish . To my surprise , they loved the game , and wanted to play more and more until I stated `` no more '' . Great for children under the age of 7 years old . Over 8 years old I would expect they would get bored too easy to play .
 I was disappointed to receive the old version of this game . My daughter is three , and mastered the whole thing in two days . I do n't think that Amazon should be selling the version without the whole alphabet and numbers one through ten . Also , Cranium is no longer giving away the expansion pack so unless you want to purchase the updated straight from cranium -LRB- cheaper btw -RRB- it can not be fixed yet .
 I bought this for my 3 year old son and he really likes it , but my 5 year old autistic son absolutely loves it . Many autistic children love to open doors and he has already played it over 50 times this week . He already knows his colors , numbers , and letters , but he enjoys the excitement of finding the balls and getting the treasure . It works great for teaching autistic children turn taking and playing with others in an environment conducive to learning for them . Great Game !
 We got Balloon Lagoon for Christmas , picked up Hullabaloo with a gift certificate they got , and then , because I loved them both so much , I picked up Cariboo while I was grocery shopping . This one is probably my favorite out of the three , although they are all fantastic ! I ca n't wait till the kids get older so we can buy the other ones!I bought this for my just turned 3 yr . old & my 41/2 yr . old . First of all , playing the begining level is great for my son . He knows his colors & can count to ten , but this game help reinforce theese concepts & teaches him his number & letter recognition . It also gets him to practice his fine motor skills.For my 41/2 yr old daughter , we play the advanced level . She can already recognize upper & lower case letters & numbers , but this is , once again , great practice . And , finding the letter `` a '' in any part of the word , not just the beginning letter , is a great way to get the kids beginning to read.What I like best is that no matter what level we are playing , my daughter `` teaches '' my son . She helps him find the correct door to open when he is having trouble , and even tells him the sounds of the letters when they draw a letter card . I also love that they can play this game without my assistance . They will also play alone if the other child is busy . This game can be played as a solo , or with many people.The kids love this because it is a `` treasure hunt '' . What kid does n't like hunting for treasure?This is also a great `` teamwork '' game . If your kids have trouble with teamwork & are too competitive , you do n't have to tell them that whoever is the one to put in the last ball that opens the treasure wins . You play as a team . And when the treasure opens , the team won !
 I bought this game to help my 4-year-old son learn his letters . I 've bought other similar games recently and they all turned out to be duds -- too boring , too much like school . But this game ... my son absolutely loves it ! He loves the whole treasure hunt theme and unlocking the little doors with the special key to find the hidden treasures . We took it to a playground today to play , and half a dozen other little kids flocked to our picnic table to watch -LRB- and would not leave :--RRB- -RRB- The girls especially seemed to like the beautifully colored balls and the big gem inside the treasure chest . Lots of fun and learning for boys and girls . Two skill levels makes the game last longer too . A great bargain . Highly recommended .
 My daughter loves this game . I got it for her when she was 3 and now that she is 41/2 its getting too easy but she still likes to find the balls and use the key . I noticed that the new version comes with two sets of cards and called Cranium to see if I could get a deck of the advanced set and they said they would send them out for free ! I 'm not even paying shipping ! I love their customers service ! We own Hullaballo also and it is a big hit with her friends . We are getting them as gifts for several people this year .
 Cariboo is a simple , fun game that sharpens children 's basic skills such as counting and identifying shapes , colors , and letters . My daughter has become a counting genius -LRB- well , maybe just a maven -RRB- since receiving Cariboo for her third birthday a few weeks ago . It truly makes learning fun , which is especially valuable for feisty toddlers like mine who may resist being taught in a more direct manner . I also like the fact that there 's no decisive winner or loser -- it 's literally the luck of the draw that determines who opens the treasure chest -- so everyone gets to cheer for one another .
 My 31/2 year old loves this game . I was not sure if it would get boring since it 's pretty simple and easy , but it really appeals to her and she loves to play it . I am really glad I bought it for her , because it keeps her entertained , and is just the right amount of time to hold her attention . I would recommend this for the age range of 3-5 .
 Hi , I 'm Charis , and I 'm 11 . This costume perfectly fits my 5 yr old sister , Gabriella . The tu tu settles quickly . It 's not itchy for her either . I rated it 4 stars for educational because it helps you learn Ballet . The top is a LITTLE low . It 's about 2 inches below her neck . I 'd highly recemend it for any little `` Bella Balerena '' fans . She also really wants to look like the other balerenas on the show . I put her hair in a ballerena bun , and Gabriella looks soooo cute !
 My daughter is 31/2 and is in the 50th percentile for both her weight and height . The tutu fits her perfect with some room to grow . I figure by the time she no longer fits it , the tutu will be trashed from too much love -LRB- as all of her dress-up clothing tends to get . -RRB- I 'm actually very happy with the tutu . She LOVES it and has been wearing it daily . She 's even worn it outside on the swingset , galloped around in the woods with her brother , and attempted to climb the yards chainlink fence wearing it . It still looks great!Yes , the netting does stick up rather abruptly . But we 've actually had a good laugh over it because it makes the costume look all the more cute . I imagine over time it will `` calm '' down a bit , lol .
 My review was the same as all the other concerning the badly fitting tutu and poor quality VHS video . But then I looked up the manufacturer online and contacted them . Spinmaster replied to me within a day . They said the sizing of the tutu was done in Australia and that it did n't work for the US market . they asked me to send the items back for a replacement of a larger tutu size and a new VHS since the one I had showed bad tracking marks after only 2 viewings . Now , I did have to pay $ 10 to ship it to Canada but considering ; I bought material and tried to alter the tutu myself -LRB- which did n't fix it -RRB- and I did n't have the receipt to take the items back myself , and that my daughter will be thrilled with the tutu that fits , it was worth the $ 10 .
 These linking rings are awesome and they work just like I have seen other magicians perform . They do come with instructions and are well made out of steel or something . I was able to perform within minutes and amazed my family .
 Ignore the knucklehead who thought one of the rings was broken.I bought these rings at a magic shop about 5 years ago . Yes , at 4 inches they 're small . Yes , they 're heavier than the $ 500 professional grade hollow rings . No , they 're not locking . However , for a first set of rings to learn on and to do close-up magic with , they 're great ! The included routine -LRB- if it 's not there , just call your vendor or the manufacturer - they 'll send you a free replacement -RRB- is just right to get you started with the basic linking/unlinking moves , and has a nice , workable patter.I have found that they are just right for doing close-up magic for kids , and are fully capable of doing all of the same tricks people do with bigger rings -LRB- except for hanging them around your neck ... -RRB-
 Ordered these for my 10 year old . I would definitely recommend . The listing says that there are 4 linking rings . There are actually 8 . There is one `` key ring '' , 2 single rings , a set of 2 permanently attached rings , and a set of 3 permanently attached rings . This assortment gives a lot of options for performances.They are smaller than some of the other ring sets that we 've seen . I think this is actually a bonus . My son is able to slip his arm in and out of them without any issue . He is working hard on his `` showmanship '' and I think that larger rings would make this more difficult.I do not understand the other reviewer 's complaint that these can break . They seem very sturdy . I can see my son using these for a long time .
 Had to order this toy on line because the three we found in the stores were all broken already . The Mace was snapped off of one and the other two had broken elbow joints . Based on this , I would assume that the one my son has might not last too long -LRB- He 's 7 and pretty rough on toys -RRB- . Having said that , I think the toy is low priced for its size and what it does . The likeness and sound effects are fabulous ; and my son is crazy about it !
 This is just a awesome figure and being a big figure collector from the best companies including McFarlane , Sideshow Toy , Hasbro , and among others but Toy Biz is argueably the best and these Lord of the Rings figures show it ! This Cave Troll figure is outstanding ! He looks just like he did in the film and his action feature is great and he is loud ! Becareful with his face though because it is rubbery and his mouth moves . I think this is for people 13 and older.LOTR fans , do n`t pass this up no matter what because this is sure to be a big collector ` s item soon !
 EXCELLENT LIKENESS . GREAT USE OF SOUND AND ACTION FEATURES . STURDY CONSTRUCTION . IN SCALE WITH THE OTHER FIGURES FROM THIS TOY LINE . EDUCATIONAL VALUE ?? WELL , IF SEEING THE MOVIE OR BUYING THIS TOY GETS YOU INTERESTED IN READING THE BOOK UPON WHICH IT IS BASED , THEN YES IT HAS EDUCATIONAL VALUE . HECK THAT IS WHY HARRY POTTER IS DOING SO WELL RIGHT ? I ENTHUSIASTICALLY RECOMMEND THIS TOY AND THE BOOKS IT WAS BASED ON . FORGIVE TYPOS
 ITS A WONDERFUL TOY DONT GET ME WRONG VERY DETAILED AND EVERTHINGJUST COULD USE A STRONGER PLASTIC
 Well , I 've actually never owned another cave troll doll before , but this one is pretty neat . There 's just something about the way his forearm bounces a little when he slams his hammer that greatly amuses me . It shows that the designers paid attention to details . What fun !
 the cave troll is a preety good figure its not the best deluxe creature in the world.it is fun to play with but it is not bendable.but if they made the balrog before this it could of been a lot better but there is no balrog yet.moms this is a great present but is hard to play with so go out and get this toy !!!
 On durability
 This toy truly embodies the malevolence of the cave troll . As a bonus , he roars whenever he feels like it , even if you have n't pressed the levers in days ! Very cool toy .
 IS FANTASTIC !! IS GREAT !! IS VERY REALISTIC ... THE SOUND IS TERRORIFIC
 And what fun bedtime is now ! My guys -LRB- 2 and 4 year olds -RRB- love acting out the activities . The Pilly Winks are delighful friends to spin , march , hop , quack and snuggle with . I sent the Pilly Winks pillows and book along with my kids to my sister 's -LRB- their aunt -RRB- for a sleepover and it made bedtime easier for her , too . I especially liked that the whole activity does n't take a long time ... but is a special time . Very cute .
 We love this product ! Our 4 year old was ; to say the least , a difficult child to get to bed . She knew all the excuses and every night turned into a hassle just to get her to sleep . Then we were given Pillywinks as a gift.Bedtime now consists of reading one book -LRB- instead of 10 -RRB- and fun activities that seem to use up that excess bedtime energy children seem to have . She sleeps with all the pillows and now the only problem we are having is getting her to let her little brother sleep with one . Maybe a Pillywink version regarding sharing would be good ?
 My one and three year olds beg to play Pilly Winks at bedtime . Before they know it , they are tucked in and I am on my way back downstairs for some quiet time ! It was just as big a hit when my six year old nephew came to visit . Makes bedtime a pleasure !
 This is very creative . Okay , so the flow of the poem is not smooth . My toddler loves it ! The first time she did not appear too interested . The 2nd night she demanded it .
 Item was exactly what I thought I was getting and was priced well .
 I played Ricochet Robots at my friends house with three to four people . I liked the game so I decided to get my own copy . I do n't usually buy many games because most are for three or more people . I really like that this game can accomodate two-players . My husband does n't enjoy playing board games quite like I do , but he likes playing this game as much as me . It 's a great brain massage that lasts about 30 minutes .
 Ricochet Robots is a simple-to-learn , difficult-to-master puzzle game . I first played it with a number of friends while in college , and got hooked.The basic game mechanism is what some gamers refer to as a `` sliding statue puzzle '' . If you 've ever played a Legend of Zelda game , you know what I 'm talking about . The status on the board can be moved in any direction , and continue to move until they hit a wall or obstacle . By moving all of the five colored statues on the game board , you try to accomplish the objective , which is to move a specific colored status to a specific location.To change the game , the target locations are randomized every time you play.This is a great puzzle game for small to large groups of people , and it 's easy for people to walk in or out of the game once they know how to play.If your group likes the type of game that really makes you think hard , this is the game for you .
 My college-age daughter wanted this for Christmas and it was hard to find at a reasonable cost -- had to order from ENgland but that weas NOT a problem . Quick shipping , no hassle and the game is really super . A great mind workout .
 Ricochet Robots is a tremendous thinking puzzle presented game style . The object of the game is to `` solve '' the most rounds , involving guiding four hard to maneuver robots to targets points on the board.The board is a grid of squares with various short segments of walls and a variety of color coded symbols distributed throughout . Actually the board is a combination of four such pieces , all double sided , so the orientations a placements of the obstacles change from game to game.The four colored robots are placed randomly on the board . A robot can be moved in any unblocked direction , but will not stop until it hits an obstacle . This is considered one move . With the robot in it 's new position , it or another can be moved , keeping in mind that the first robot is now a new obstacle others can run into.Each round begins when a token is flipped over showing a colored symbol . There will be a match for it somewhere on the board . The object is to , IN YOUR HEAD AND WITHOUT ACTUALLY TOUCHING OR MOVING ANY ROBOTS , figure out how many moves -LRB- moving any robot , one at a time -RRB- it will take you to get the matching colored robot to that symbol . Once someone thinks they have an answer they call out their number of moves . The rest of the players have a minute to come up with their own `` bids '' -LRB- which ca n't match each other -RRB- . Then the player with the lowest bid of moves shows that solution and claims the token for the round . If he ca n't do it the next lowest bid tries , and so on . Once a correct solution is used , the robots stay where they are and thus new starting positions are established each round . At the end of the game the person with the most tokens wins.Ricochet Robots is n't exactly light fare - some of my friends wo n't play too often because of the heavy visualization and forward thinking required . But it is always very well received when they are in the mood to play . While the knots you tie your thoughts into looking for solutions are n't simple , the concept is and that makes it easy to get casual gamers interested . And since it can basically play however many people you can squeeze at the table , it 's a great game to have on hand no matter the group size.Easily accessible but mentally taxing , Ricochet Robots is a fantastic game that sharpens intellect and , perhaps more importantly , is a ton of fun as well.Highly recommended .
 This game is one you will either love or hate ! The challenge is the ability to visualize moves . This may include moving more than one piece to achieve your goal . Then you have to remember what those moves were in your mind if your number of moves are fewer than the others playing . Be prepared to think when playing this game !
 I give this toy three stars for learning , but that is only because it does n't have facts for you to learn like `` Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego ? '' . This game does , however , teach you how to think about things in different ways . Without this skill , the player is doomed to lose.I was introduced to this game with the description , `` It 's everyone 's turn , all the time . '' This was enough to pique my interest , and I am glad that it did . The point of the game is to maneuver a robot onto a targeted square on the board in the least number of moves . The trick is that the robots can only move in straight lines forward , backward , left , or right , and they can not stop until they hit something else.The trick , oftentimes , is to use more robots to maneuver the targeted robot onto the targeted square . The difficulty is in getting trapped into thinking that this is always necessary . With surprising regularity , it seems that a 23-move , three-robot solution is all you can find , until someone points out a five-move , single-robot solution.With the addition of house rules -LRB- like color-specific walls , which come in this latest version -RRB- , additional obstacles , dead squares -LRB- where the robot gets stuck for X number of rounds , etc. -RRB- , this game has virtually endless replay potential . The game even has the potential for handicapping players by not allowing them to use one robot for each round or by limiting them to bouncing off of at least one wall , etc. , making it more fun for players of different skill levels.My wife , who is not a gamer like me , even enjoys this game , which speaks to its broader audience . Finally , it is important to note that this is a great party game , able to be played by as many people as can see the board.A truly great family game , and indispensable for those with family game night.Harkius
 WOW ! I love this game ! There are a lot of great games out there these days , especially with the new European style games becoming more available in the US . Even amongst all these games , Ricochet Robot ranks up there as one my favorite games of all time . This is mental stimulation at its best!I have to admit that this game is not for everyone and I have a hard time finding people to play this game with due to its brain-draining nature . It does not have the strategic or tactical depth of chess , but it is on par for mental stimulation.The best way to describe this game is ; a MENSA logic puzzle in a board game .
 This is a terrific game to help develop your forward thinking . Each round is actually a logic puzzle that you must solve by using your brain to determine the smallest sequence of moves to complete the board . Players `` bid '' against each other by claiming they can solve the board in a certain number of moves and the one with the lowest bid must display their solution . There is a time element involved in that once the first bid is shouted , an egg timer is flipped and the other players have a brief period of time to state their own bids if any.The game helps develop the ability to think ahead and visualize a sequence of actions . Some boards may only require a sequence of 3 moves while others might take 40 moves .
 I highly recommend this game . Be warned however that this game is n't for the weak minded . The goal of the game is to find a path from your robot to the target before your opponents do -LRB- or you can race against a timer if you want to play solo -RRB- . This involves keeping a great deal of information straight in your head -LRB- such as visualizing the path your robot is taking as well as counting the number of moves -RRB- . I 've seen a great number of people be frustrated by this game.But if you 're willing to challenge yourself this will provide hours of fun . I think it 's a great way to sharpen spatial perception skills so besides being fun you 're actually becoming smarter by just playing .
 This game takes some getting used to and is not for everyone . Children will find it frustrating , and some adults might throw it out the window . This is the kind of game that you might hate the first time around , but after putting it away you will be drawn to pull it out again and give it another crack . There is no limit to how many can play this game . It takes about 5 seconds to learn , but can take hours to complete . Great fun !
 I 'm a big fan of board games , and specially of Ricochet Robots , and have played it since the first edition years back.Got a hold of the second edition -LRB- with gates -RRB- and like it very much , so was going to get a few copies for my friends/family . The picture in here is of the 2nd edition -LRB- blue box -RRB- but the actual product sold is of the 1st edition -LRB- maroon box -RRB- , so it 's not a big deal , but something to note since the gates makes a big difference to the play!Still , fabulous game , one of my favorites of all time . For a detailed game review go to http://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/51
 This game is so much fun and it has so many different set ups . I really gets your thinking spatially and with sequences . I would not recommend it for younger kids -LRB- under 12 -RRB- as it can be a thought intensive game . It is not complicated because there are not many rules , one just has to have the ability to think spatially and remember long sequences . I would definitely recommend it to a friend .
 This game is amazing . One would think staring at a board -LRB- mostly -RRB- silently for an hour would be dull , but for those with a penchant for puzzles , an eye for logic , or a generally analytical mind , this is one of the top 5 best games.The board comes in 4 pieces with two different boards on each side , making for many many combinations to make the challenge a little more interesting and different every time . I highly recommend this game , I think it 's great for kids and adults .
 Ricochet Robots is more of a competitive puzzle game than a true board game . Each person can compete to find the lowest number of moves to get the robot to the target . As a competition it can be a bit strife-inducing but it is a quality game . Endless fun and never runs out of new puzzles .
 I ca n't say how much fun I have playing this game . It looks weird because 5 people are standing around the board just staring at it for a while and then belt out `` 17 '' . Other people in the office often laugh.We play three pieces at a time . Try it for a little extra challenge .
 I enjoy this game because it expands a specific kind of lateral thinking , and any number of people can play . One downside is that because it is pure puzzle-solving , the most experienced players will almost always win . However , there is a check against this making it boring for less experienced players
 Bead Scene is great fun ! It 's interesting how the beads go up the wire , with music . Bead Scene has taught me that by moving the bottom surface , with a spiral of wire , you can make beads go up the wire . I had never thought you can do this with beads .
 My girls are 3 and 5 and this is fun and easy for them both to do . You will need to by more string !
 I bought the Girl Zone Bead Scene for my 9 year old daughter . She really likes it . I think it is really neat . The only bead thing is that we can not find the refill kits any where .
 I order two of the Girl Zone Bead Scenes for my two neices . They love them . They were able to operate them on their own . We are already looking for the refill kits .
 Great gloves !!! I had no idea that reebok made big kids gloves , they are hard to find . I give them an A + .
 This is the best toy for baths , playtime in a pool or just to play size order with other duckies you have . My 2 year old niece had to have one after seeing my 8 month olds duck . -LRB- I even play with it -RRB- . Rubber ducky , your the one ...
 My son loved this ped board ! Since it comes with pegs at different lengths he was forced to use different hand grips to get them in the slot . We used once everyday and after 2-3 weeks I saw him go from a palmer grasp to a pincer with the smaller pieces . It sounds like a lot of work and not too much fun , but my son would get the box and bring it to me so that he would sit and play with me . Everytime he finished putting all the pegs in he would clap at his own accomplishment . I would recommend this product to any parent .
 It was a gift for our daughter , a high school librarian . We agreed to one game , but continued until the wee hours . Hilarious !
 This game is loads of fun to play , especially when you get in 2nd and 3rd rounds . It is amazing how you can think of the word without giving many clues at all . Great for couples !
 We have played this game many times , and I 've bought it as gifts for several people . Great fun with 6 or more players . Highly recommend it !
 This game is one of the most fun I have ever played . At first , when I explain it to people who have n't played before , they say things like , `` That sounds too easy '' but it 's not as easy as it seems.It is tremendous fun . I recommend this game to everyone ! I 've played 3 times , and every time I have played , I laughed so hard that my stomach muscles were sore for the rest of the night!The only problem I had was a few repeat cards , and if you shuffle the deck ahead of time , you might not even notice the repeats.Note that it is not a short game , I do n't know exactly how long , but at least an hour . It 's great for parties , and game nights . We played it for my sister 's bachelorette party , and all the girls loved it . That 's not to say that it 's a girl game , I have played with guys who loved it too.It 's a great game , and you 'll get a lot of great laughs out of it . When the night is over , you 'll feel wonderful !
 This game is amazing . College students , this is where it 's at ! So much fun and there 's no stopping the insanity !! I would reccomend this game to everyone , it 's great for parties , entertaining , sitting around with friends , whatever . Totally amazing !
 Time 's up has 3 rounds and it 's great family fun . It 's not for small children - they wo n't get the references , but for a `` game night '' it 's great fun , provides lots of opportunities for laughter , makes you think on your feet , we really enjoy it . It 's one of my family 's favorite games .
 This game is fabulous . I just spent a week on mission trip playing it with a bunch of junior high and high school students . Every night more and more kids wanted to play . We had multiple games going on in different areas . It does n't matter if they had never heard of the person on the card -LRB- Jackie Gleason is not a familiar name for today 's teens -RRB- because they found ways to break the name down and act it out . Hysterical when you finally realize what they were trying to get their partner to guess . I highly recommend this game !!
 This is one of my favorite games . It is actually a bit hard to convince people to play it , because the rules seems a little crazy the first time you try to explain them . The deck consists of cards with the names of famous people on them , some current , some historical , some fictional . For example you may have a round with Gomez Adams , Tom Selleck , Princess Leia , Abraham Lincoln , Helen Keller , Claude Monet and Mary Poppins . Quite a random assortment . You divide the cards amongst your group of friends , so each person gets a preview of part of the deck . Then each team takes turns trying to get their teammates to guess who is on the card , getting as many cards as you can in a minute , until all the cards are gone . So for Princess Leia , you might say `` Carrie Fisher 's character from Star Wars ! '' or Abraham Lincoln could be `` President that emancipated the slaves ! '' That 's round one . If you do n't know who the person is on your card , you can also use clues like `` First name is the same as your best friend from high school ! `` Round two , same set of cards , but this time you can only say one word . Such as `` President ! '' or `` Lightsaber ! `` Round three is charades . And that 's where I have a hard time convincing people to play this game . I swear it is super fun . Do n't be intimidated by round three . You can also hum and make noises , so for Princess Leia you could make a lightsaber noise and pretend to sword fight . For Mary Poppins you could hum `` A Spoon Full of Sugar . '' Helen Keller you could cover your mouth and ears . Be creative . It 's really not as hard as it sounds , and it can be really silly and fun.It 's a great party game , and can be easily adapted to a large group of people .
 I love Time 's Up ! It 's simple and fun . You take a stack of cards , each one with the name of a famous person , and try to get your partner to guess the names . You play three rounds . The names are the same each round , but the rules change . One of the things that makes it so much fun is that all of the really , really bad clues the first round become the best clues later because those are the ones everyone remembers . You 'd probably have to play it to know what I mean , and I recommend that you do . Buy it now and start playing . It works equally well with four or six people .
 Played this game with friends one night and family another - not sure which was more fun the actual questions or everyones answers and presentation of clues . Great FUN . Already thinking about purchasing the additional answer cards .
 This game is so much fun . You will laugh and laugh . You do n't have to know a lot of facts to play it as you can give all kinds of hints to sound out the names phonetically . In other words if the name you 're trying to give your partner is `` Jimmy Buffet '' you could say , -LRB- if your name is Jimmy -RRB- `` What 's my first name , '' and for the last name , you could say , What do you call a food line in a restaurant where you serve yourself . They would say `` buffet , '' but then you would say , `` Pronounce the last letter . '' After that if someone else has that card , all they would need to say to their partner is `` food line '' and they would get it . It 's a game of memory , mime and excitement . I highly recommend it !
 This is a great game for adults -LRB- ca n't imagine how kids would play since all of the characters on the cards are historical and/or pop figures -RRB- . This game gets very competitive , and also challenges your knowledge of political people , movie stars , musicians , cartoon characters , historical icons , you name it . I would highly recommend this game as it does n't require much setup , and does n't need additional props . Very fun !
 Our family played this game on Christmas Day and had a blast . I laughed until I cried at some of the charades . It 's a great educational game in that you have to remember -LRB- or learn -RRB- historical and other famous figures . Can be a family game but also recommended for teens and adults as a party game . I would highly recommend this game .
 This is a great game . We are not a big game family but my son came home from a friends house saying he loved this game . We got it and we love it . We invite friends over to plan it both adults and children . It is one of those games that both parents and children love . It really makes family time fun
 I bought this having no idea what it was . It 's ended up being the tried and true game we pull out when we have friends over . It 's played in teams of two so it 's perfect for couples . So absolutely fun !!! Before we start we go through the cards and weed out the people we do n't know . It makes it a little easier . Times Up and Bohnanza are the two games that everyone wants to play when they come over . Definitely worth your money .
 The box says that it 's for 12 + , but I find that more often than not , this game is for adults . I bought this game two years ago because that evening , I was hosting a party and needed something to spice things up . I had no idea what it was really about but the directions seemed interesting . Needless to say , we had a blast that night and every other time that we played the game.The game proceeds in three rounds and played with teams . The object of the game is to try to get your teamates to guess as many famous people as you can . The people range from authors , poets , artistis , musicians , actors , even fictional characters . The first round , you can say and do anything . The second round , you can only say ONE word and pantomine the rest . The last and hardest round , you ca n't say a single word . Everything has to be acted out.Yes , it 's not a totally orginal idea and yes , there will be famous people whom you 've never heard of ! Do n't let that stop you though ! Even if you do n't know who the celebrity is , there are ways that you can still get your teammates to guess them . Also , there is a little booklet that comes with the game that explains who everyone is/was . In short , whenever we play , I laugh so hard my sides start to hurt and my cheeks start to ache ! You 'll find your friends -LRB- and even yourself ! -RRB- doing the zaniest things !
 Hyterical game . Each round gets funnier for everyone and the time limit makes you laugh even harder . Describing some of the famous people listed in the game , at first you think is easy , but you 'll be wrong when it comes to your turn . Whoever conjured up this list of famous people , celebrities , historical figures , etc. is a genius . This is a fast moving game that will make you laugh and for ... . can you beat that ! This will be great for Thanksgiving and Christmas time gatherings .
 I was invited to a Time 's Up party a few months back and I was skeptical that the host could have a party that was anywhere near as great as she was claiming . Turns out , she underestimated ! This is a fun game that can be used for so many different ages . I play with my friends and with my family -LRB- of two parents , myself a 20 year old and my 13 year old brother -RRB- . Even though we have different ages and knowledge banks , we can all play the same game and have so much fun . I would be hard pressed to find a game that tops this one .
 I bought this game to take on a trip we were taking with another couple . At night people would congregate around the outdoor bar . We got several people to play and we had so much fun ! From that night on while we were there people would gather at the bar to play Times Up . It 's a great game and good for alot of laughs ! I do think it is an adult game as by the 3rd round the gestures can get a little obscene for kids !
 Describe Rush Limbaugh using any word you want . Now try to do the same thing in one word or better yet no words , think you can ? If so then you are ready to play Time 's Up by RNR Games , the game that has you winning by collecting the most names in the three rounds.Following the easy directions , you deal out 40 cards between the players , make sure every player has the same number a cards , pick either the yellow or blue names and begin the fun . While the games ages are 12 and up , some of the names may be a little advanced for the younger players.Round one you can use any word -LRB- s -RRB- to describe the name but you ca n't pass . Round 2 1 words clues gives you 1 guess per clue and passing is allowed . Round 3 is the best of all , with pantomimes and noises , again 1 guess per name and passing is allowed.You get 30 seconds per team per round ; you can change this to more time to add even more fun . Also the number of cards dealt out can increase for even more points . The game is broken down into 8 categories from Artist to Writer and you have easy to hard names . RNR Games has done it again !
 Brad parks , Phil Esposito , Mark Messier , Steve Vickers , Tomas Sandstrom , Marcel Dionne , Adam Graves and Wayne Gretsky all have what in common ? First they all play hockey and secondly they all played for the New York Rangers.Describe Rush Limbaugh using any word you want . Now try to do the same thing in one word or better yet no words , think you can ? If so then you are ready to play Time 's Up by RNR Games , the game that has you winning by collecting the most names in the three rounds.Following the easy directions , you deal out 40 cards between the players , make sure every player has the same number a cards , pick either the yellow or blue names and begin the fun . While the games ages are 12 and up , some of the names may be a little advanced for the younger players.Round one you can use any word -LRB- s -RRB- to describe the name but you ca n't pass . Round 2 1 words clues gives you 1 guess per clue and passing is allowed . Round 3 is the best of all , with pantomimes and noises , again 1 guess per name and passing is allowed.You get 30 seconds per team per round ; you can change this to more time to add even more fun . Also the number of cards dealt out can increase for even more points . The game is broken down into 8 categories from Artist to Writer and you have easy to hard names . RNR Games has done it again !
 Time 's Up is fun , easy to learn , and educational . If you need a good laugh every once and a while , this is the game . My friends and I can play it over and over and it never gets old . The better you play , the better the challenge and the bigger the fun . I also like the reasonable cost . -LRB- ... -RRB- Definitely buy it for yourself and your friends !
 Every holiday I buy a new game for the family . This one is definitely one of the best . It got our family five star approval and that does n't happen very often . The concept is so different that when you read the directions it is hard to believe it will work !! Believe me it works and your family will be roaring with laughter . We did n't know the exact identity of all the people so in some instances we may have rewritten history but that just makes it even better . We played this into the wee hours ... be prepared.Another good thing about this game is you have to pay attention to what is going on all the time . So there is no down time for any players . That is really important with my family !!! Get ready for a great time !!! Hopefully soon more cards will be added as a refill to this game .
 We had a dinner party and closed with this game . It was a huge success . Everyone loved the simplicity of it , and I learned a few things too !
 My family and I love this game . We play whenever a bunch of us get together ; we 've played with as many as 20 people before . I think we only played ONCE with the actual game , though . Once we learned the rules , we started making our own game cards with famous people on them . Each person writes 8 names , and then we still do the elimination just like the game rules suggest . This creates an extra challenge , as my brother always inevitably goes with a theme -LRB- all baseball players , or shoe designers , etc -RRB- . You have to get really creative with your clues.This game only gets better and better with each round , and when you make your own game cards , its constantly new and exciting .
 This is a plush Woody doll holding a flag . He 's filled with polyfill and plastic beans . Quality made by Stuffins .
 This is a darling plush toy and the perfect addition to my classroom . The hermit crab is secured with velco so he can move in and out of his home . The picture does n't do the hermit crab justice - he is much cuter !
 My friend got me this for my birthday since I love hermies ! Its sitting on my dresser . Great plush toy , I reccommend it !
 This little guy is adorable ! Beautiful colors , and he 's shiny / sparkly . I only wish his little hermit body was longer and curled deep into the shell , like a real crab 's . He velcros in / out of the shell , and his little body is so short I feel like he might fall out sometimes . But he stays secured so it 's fine . He 's always smiling ! : -RSB-
 Ever had a soft , snuggable hermit crab ? Here 's your guy . The sparkly shell is adorable . Ned more words for this review so Love !
 My daughter wanted this stuffed hermit crab . She is 6 and she adores her Hermitie , as she calls him . The toy is well made and he is adorable . Much cuter in person . Even I find myself taking him in and out of his shell ! Perfect for children and hermit crab lovers of all ages : -RRB-
 I bought this crab a couple years ago and I loved it then and I still do , but I noticed that the shell did n't look like the picture and the shell 's bright blues and yellow-browns faded a LOT over these past couple of years . Otherwise , it 's wonderful and I enjoy the velcro aspect of the crab and the shell ! It 's very interactive and great for everyone !
 Plush henry is perfect . The size , color . Great . Made very well . This would be an outstanding educational tool . This is great for all ages . I 'm 55 and collect sea creatures both plush and figures . This is among the best . I highly recommend this for everybody . Fun and enjoyable
 I am an elementary school librarian . I ordered this hermit crab plush for an Eric Carle display . It matched the illustrations in the book very well . The children loved the display .
 This toy is made well and is of excellent quality . Well worth the cost . Detachable from shell . My daughter loved it .
 Just like the Toa , if you get all of these little guys you can combine them to create the `` Turaga Nui '' or Special Priests -LRB- Nui meaning special and Turaga Meaning preists -RRB- . On the back of the boxes they come in there 's a picture of the Turaga Nui , but it does n't tell you how to make it . I have a website here that shows you how to make the Turaga Nui in case anyone is wondering . -LRB- ... -RRB- These guys are fun to play with seperately too . If you pull down on a lever that sticks out of its back you can move its arm up and down . It 's one of the easiest bionicle toys to make . HAVE FUN !
 This is a great toy !! The best lego sets I have seen yet , I have three boys ... so I have bought a lot of lego sets over the past 17 years . Other sets fall apart easily , they are fun to build but you really could n't play with them . These little guys are different ... they hold up . When dropped by my seven year old the only thing that fell off was the mask . I expect to be buying many more of these .
 I like these little dudes . They 're educational because you have to build it yourself , and also it helps boost your creativity level , when you build your own thing . ... I still think these sets are entertaining . I think these are reasonalbly priced , cool toys.If you want your kid to have a good quality toy that will be proved to be played with frequently , get this ! I highly recommend them . Have fun !
 Each Turaga is a leader of one of the villages of Mata Nui . They also each keep the legend of one of the Toa . These little guys also have their own masks you can collect . After you collect the Toa , get these little dudes !
 these toys are amazing!you should get them ...
 A very cool and some what educational because of the character development in the online mata nui game
 Now , the Turaga are often overlooked because they do n't really look interesting . Well , that 's not true . What 's nice is that they have a simple design to them , which should take no more than 3 minutes to build . The main feature is that by pushing a stick down in back , it 'll make their left arm move up and down . That arm is also the one that holds their special staff . -LRB- The picture Amazon.com provides is n't accurate , but I 've noticed that with other Bionicle toys . -RRB- The only thing that concerns me is that Whenua 's -LRB- the dark gray , short one -RRB- head keeps falling off since it 's not put on very securely .
 when i put in the title i really meant it turaga do rock my favorite is matau .
 Well made , albeit a tad small.It does include the `` inside '' arch supports to hold the blocks in place until you put the keystone in.Good toy .
 This is a pretty good kit for demonstrating how the Roman arch works . There were more pieces than we had realized , once it was in front of us . The arch does go together well , and the instructions are well done and easy to follow . The blocks are a little lighter weight than we thought they would be , so they do move around easier than the heavy wooden blocks we have , but since most people wo n't be doing this kit with a three year-old , it is n't a huge deal . The Roman 's were amazing engineers for their time , and this kit is one way to bring a little Roman study to life .
 Your kids can do this again and again -- it gets built level by level of blocks , with wodden arch supports to build the archway , which get removed to create a freestanding arch . This is a very neat project .
 I bought this microscope for my daughter , age 5 , to answer her questions relating to how things grow or how people get sick . Explaining bacterial or viral infections and cell mitosis just is n't the same as showing it and giving a point of reference to understand the microscopic world . Now she has that point of reference and her wonder at the microscopic world has just begun.This microscope came with 5 excellent slides that show plant and animal cells and insect parts.We looked at salt , rice , sugar , hair , onions cells and root tip cells which further amazed her.The quality of this microscope is amazing for the price . I used very expensive microscopes in several of my classes -LRB- i.e. bacteriology , embryology -RRB- and the lenses of this microscope rival the expensive ones . The stage dos n't have a left / right , forward / backward adjusting wheels on it so you have to manually move the slides around . But the price for the quality makes this microscope one of my daughters favorite gifts .
 Received in excellent condition , quickly ! Grandson loves the microscope and I hope it serves him for many years . For the price the quality was quite unexcpectedly good !
 When I received this microscope , the light bulb was shattered and I had to replace it $ 3 . I think the reason being not enough packing bubble was used . It only surrounded the box on three sides , which left the one side and top and bottom unprotected . I think this is the best microscope for the money , but the packing could have been much better .
 I got the microscoe 3 days after i ordered it when i got it was very cool i really hated science but now i love it . It includes 5 slides of stuff like frog blood cotton etc. . I thought it included blank tabs and you put your oun stuff on it but you cant this is a great first microscope !!!!!!!!!!!
 We are using this microscope as amateurs - for general curiousity and eventually for homeschooling - and it has been just wonderful . It is also much easier to use than I remember my high school microscope being 25 years ago.This scope is easy to focus and use -LRB- although I hesitate to let my 6 and 8 year old focus it at 40x due to the risk of cracking a slide -RRB- , and it has bright lighting , crystal clear images , and sturdy metal construction !! I initially balked at the price tag , but after the kids received an inexpensive scope that was terribly frustrating for them because they could n't get a clear image -LRB- it had a mirror underneath that you had to move to reflect light -RRB- , I decided to purchase this one.This is such a timeless gift . And $ 100 spread across the next 10 years and three kids is really quite a good value !!
 We purchased this for my son for his birthday . For a child 's microscope , it is a very good value . However , as a child 's microscope , it is n't as sturdy as I would hope . The eyepiece had come off relatively soon out of the box . The first time it happened , we were able to screw the piece back in , but the second time it happened , something broke it in . We are still able to use it , but have to balance the eyepiece in the microscope while viewing.It comes with a dust cover , which is very handy to keep clean and nice.A recommendation is to find a place with extra slides , as this only comes with a few prepared slides and any inquisitive child will lose interest in those quickly -LRB- and if there is n't anything new , may lose interest in the microscope itself quickly -RRB- .
 I bought six of these for my fifth grade classroom . Great instrument for the money .
 I ordered this for my son for Christmas . He is thrilled with it . Easy to use and it seems quite sturdy . Works on batteries so it can be used anywhere . Plan to try our rechargeables but have not done so yet . The coolest feature is that this microscope is also lit from the top . That means you can use it as sort of a high-quality magnifying glass , too . You are not limited to looking at things that can go on a slide and be looked `` through . '' You can put a penny or a fingernail or a piece of your sister 's hair on there and see it magnified greatly ... Which is exactly what we were all doing on Christmas morning.This included a few slides and an instruction booklet .
 I am a cell biologist and use microscopes daily in the lab . This microscope was purchased for my six year old son as a birthday gift . It gives bright and clear views with three objectives -LRB- 4x , 10x , 40x -RRB- , and it is easy to manipulate for a six year old . It has clean simple outlines and a very steady structure . It 's a real microscope and great buy at that price .
 My wife and I wanted to get something for our son 's 9th birthday that would be fun for him , but also something that would keep his attention . I do n't know why I thought of a microscope , but after it came to me , it seemed like the perfect thing . I have no knowldedge of these things and do n't have an education that exposed me to them . I started searching for one that was affordable , but of good quality . I know something about glass and how poor glass will make it impossible to see anything . I read the reviews here on Amazon , and zeroed my choice to this microscope.Yesterday , he opened his gifts and this is what he 's focussed on . He 's been using it all day yesterday and today . We 've looked at dozens and dozens of slides , with each new one being something to look forward to . We 've just found Rotifer in our bird bath water , and have printed out pictures of them online to compare to what we 're seeing on the slide . It 's amazing to see them move around , then being able to see the organs inside of them and learning what they are from the pictures we 've printed out.I know the microscope says it 's for 11 year old kids and above , but I do n't think there should be an age restriction . He loves it , and it 's turned into something that we 're all having fun with.As for the actual microscope , it 's well built with very good glass . It 's easy to focus on what we are looking at . The image is very clear and the ajustments are such that it 's easy to get it just right . The light is good , and there is a wheel that allows more or less light to come through . Some of the leaves we 've looked at are better with more light , others are better with less light . It really helps to have that option . I was also impressed that it came with an extra light bulb.For the money , it 's an awesome gift that has already changed his life and how he looks at things . I ca n't think of wanting anythng more in a gift for a child.Eddie Walker
 I 've bought several other inexpensive microscopes to do some examinations at home.I breed dogs and frankly need this for breeding purposes.I can not express how much better this product is that any others I 've tried.The microscope is easy to use , extremely sturdy -LRB- most of it is NOT plastic -RRB- . It does n't tip , has an electric light which gives MORE than adequate lighting . The focus knob is large and easy to use -LRB- altho it does shift a bit occasionally -RRB- . The images seen have exceptional clarity.It only comes with a few sample slides -LRB- which are SUPER to look at -RRB- so you might want to purchase some blank slides and stains , etc , separately.If you 're looking for a really good , inexpensive microscope for an adult or child 's home use , this is your best choice !
 so far so good ! just received the microscope in the mail and tried it out . a very nice little microscope for the money . i used microscopes quite a bit for my undergrad and graduate degrees and this one worked very well for a personal scope . i read the reviews carefully before investing in this for my daughter and so far , my expectations have been met . the box indicates that a dust cover is included . i did not find one in my package ... i 'm assuming that the seller will rectify this small issue and it in no way impacts my rating of the scope 's performance . i was pleasantly surprised to see that it comes with an extra bulb for replacement . again , a very nice piece of equipment for the money ... i would not go any cheaper than this . i 'm satisfied with the purchase .
 It 's not a toy , it 's a real microscope . It 's well-built , operates very nicely and is well worth the price . I think it 's perfect first microscope for anyone who 's interested in science . My only complaint is that there are no blank slides included along with the prepared ones . That said , you may want to buy blank sides at the same time you order the ` scope . Then learn and enjoy !
 we are using this to evaulate our breeding dogs semen prior to shipping via fedex . With this , we evaluate number and mobility . This helps us to ensure a sucessful litter of puppies .
 All Metal construction , decent objective lenses , integrated light source , fine and coarse focus knobs , a small specimen kit , and a very good price all add up to make this an outstanding purchase for the budding scientist.This microscope would do well in a high school lab or even as a solid backup in an undemanding college lab.I bought one for a twelve year girl , and she has no idea how to use it , but she 's willing to try , especially since we know it will WORK unlike the plastic garbage being sold in the sub-hundred dollar range.This is a good buy .
 I have boughten 3 previous for my kids and all have been a huge disappointment . i got this based on reviews and it is great ! durable not crapy plastic . works like it should my kids final got to see one work and what suppose to do . my daugher now looking for things to put under the microscope .
 First , I 'd like to thank all the parents that took the time to write a review on this product . I really wanted to get my son a microscope , but did not know exactly what to look for . Your reviews helped me immensely . We were not disappointed in the quality of the item . It 's well-built , sturdy , and powerful . Our seven year old son was impressed that he could operate a scientific instrument . He was eager to collect specimens from our garden and view them `` close-up '' . The five slides it comes with are fine as an introduction as to what can be seen with this tool - right out of the box . Do n't forget to invest in a good slide making kit . That 's when your child real educational adventure begins !
 I did read most of the reviews and had some reservations about this microscope . The microscope arrived within the promised delivery date and all screws and parts where they were suppose to be . I 'm very happy with the overall microscope , my son is nine years old and seems to enjoy it very much .
 Was very pleased with our purchase . Our 11 year child drove right into Christmas morning and it is still not broken ! I could n't be happier . It is not cheap looking in any means . All he wanted was a microscope but I did n't want to dish out big bucks in case he did n't use it . So I went with a medium value and feel like we got so much more .
 The Microscope is a great product . It is sturdy , has a built in light source and three magnification levels . This product makes a great gift for someone who enjoys looking and investigating things .
 Our 7-year old grandson loves this ... the only problem he has is that his parents love it just as much so he has to share it with them ! :--RRB- It has proven to be a quality microscope and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking .
 I purchased this microscope as a way to learn how to do fecal exams on my goats . The microscope is a nice starter scope , easy to use , etc. ... Optics are clear , but the higher magnification is fair . The table has a little play in it , so the user must watch placing any downward pressure on it while viewing -LRB- while moving slide around while looking around the slide -RRB- - the downward pressure will cause the image to go out of focus .
 Easy to use and high quality construction . The 5 sample slides are nice . Focusing the higher objective lenses takes some practice and careful hands because the slide has to be really close to the lens but to close and you can damage the slide and lens .
 This micoscope was chosen because of the other reviews I read . It was for my 12 yr old granddaughter for Christmas . It arrived ahead of date promised . Everyone in the family is thrilled with the clarity . My daughter-in-law even commented it 's as good as those she used freshman year in college . I highly recommend if you 're looking for a good microscope that is n't a `` toy '' . I also purchased additional slides that the whole family is enjoying .
 My son -LRB- almost 8 years old -RRB- received this for Christmas this year . He has been asking for one for about a year and I purchased this one . It seems well made and comes with a few slides . It seems to work well and for the money I think it is a good investment for a child interested in science .
 My 12 year old son absolutely loves this microscope . He spent the entire day looking at slides -LRB- and so did I -RRB- ! Definitely a good buy and worth every penny !
 I think that this is an awesome deal . My 10 year old was so excited to recieve and use this . It has so much to offer . It will take her thru high school . What a great product and value for the money !!!!! My First Lab Microscope MFL-02
 For the cost of this microscope.It is a very effective microscope.And easy to use.I use for running fecal 's on my goats.And will let all other goat raisers.Know this is the microscope to get .
 I am a chemistry professor and I was sceptical that a microscope for under $ 100 could be any good at all since I had several of them when I was a kid that were marginal at best . Often buying a kid a microscope or telescope that is marginal can result in turning them off rather than sparking their interest , I have and use microscopes in my lab that cost from $ 1000 to $ 10000 and so I know what a good optical system looks like . This little microscope was an amazing value . There is not much plastic and the optical quality is quite acceptable . The built in light works very well . How they can make a microscope this good for under $ 100 is amazing to me since you could n't even buy one objective for most instruments they sell to labs for this price . I strongly urge anyone to not spend less than this on a microscope and go for this one ! The only small criticism is that they could have had a few more slides in the box or some diatomaceous earth to keep the kids busy until summer when we can collect pond water etc. .
 After testing a cheaper `` kid 's '' microscope for my nephew , we ended up returning that one to purchase this one . My husband , a biology teacher , likes the design and features on this model . We also purchased a slide preparation kit from a science supply company , however the 5 prepared slides included with the scope were enough to get us started . From our own experience , we agree with the chemistry teacher - buying a cheaper scope -LRB- which claimed to have higher magnification -RRB- would have only led to frustration for the child when he attempted to view the slides . Everything on this scope was clear . This was a good value for the money .
 After pouring over dozens of microscopes to possibly buy our 8-year-old daughter for Christmas , we found this one with the few , but good , reviews on Amazon . We were not disappointed . I know nothing about chemistry and have never used a microscope . We had this out of the box and running smoothly within 10 minutes . The instructions are very simple and the quality is exceptional . I have heard that poor quality plastic microscopes often dissuade children from pursuing science because they are so frustrating and disappointing . This one is great . It comes with five slides that show up really well . They are fascinating to look at and we spent all day gathering other items to look at . Our daughter likes science even more , and now she 's anxious to take the microscope to class to show her friends . She 's used it many times since Christmas and has n't grown tired of it . I think she 'll enjoy it even more when summer arrives . Some of the slides , such as frog 's blood or mosquito head parts , sound gross , but they actually are unexpectedly pretty and colorful . Although it is supposed to be for children age 11 and up , our 8-year-old had no problems with it . The microscope is sturdy , nonfussy , and should hold up fine with any older child that would n't knock it off a table . I have never rated a toy higher than this one . Highly recommended !
 This microscope was a great fit for our small private school ; we bought 2 of them and they leave our former econo-models in the dust . The microscope is sturdy and well built and has weight to it so it 's not sliding around . While there are n't separate `` coarse and fine '' adjustment knobs , the adjustments are sensitive enough to easily focus as needed . It comes with 5 premade slides and a dust cover . Only thing I 'd add would be some basic cleaning -LRB- lens -RRB- paper and a catalog for replacements or accessories ; for example , light bulbs.But for high school Biology , we could n't be happier with our `` find '' . Try finding a decent microscope that 's more than $ 20-30 , but less than $ 150 ! This one fills the gap nicely .
 This was purchased for my son 's 13th birthday . I had looked at microscopes in the $ 25-50 range , figuring it would get beat up quickly , so why spend very much . A store had one of those cheaper ones set up , and I was very disappointed in the brightness and distortion at the edges , and it felt cheap . So , I jumped up another notch and purchased the My First Lab microscope for 90 bucks . For about twice the price , this thing is 100 times better ! It is very bright and completely free of distortion . The eyepiece is easy to look into with a wide field -LRB- compared to some where it was impossible to hold your head still enough to peep through -RRB- . We 've looked a all sorts of things , but the most fun is to put a few leaves and a sprinkle of dirt into some water , let it sit a few days , and then look at a drop under the scope . Little critters swimming everywhere ! My kids ca n't get enough of it .
 My 10 and 8 year old daughters have no trouble operating this durable , easy to use microscope . And the magnification is excellent !! They are forever looking at whatever they can find in the house , from ladybugs to onion skins . It uses a light bulb instead of a mirror , and even at 400X it is very clear . I was worried about the amount of cash I was spending on what was to be just an educational `` toy '' , but was NOT disappointed ! This will be useful for a very long time .
 This is a very good way of giving your kids a direction towards learning . My kids are 5 yrs and 8 yrs old . They loved the microscope . I also brought prepared slides on Amazon . Now almost every saturday / Sunday me an my kids see the micro world . We have a drawing-board on which I draw a rough diagram of what we see . We also brought plain glass slides and plastic cover slips from a local store . We routinely dissect plants / leaves etc. . My kids bring back dead insects and we watch their wings , legs -LRB- My kids first thought it creepy but started enjoying the unseen -RRB- I recommend this product
 I got a plastic microscope for -LRB- ... -RRB- , -LRB- ... -RRB- , and it was a piece of junk . It was all plastic and did n't work properly . We returned that one , and saw this one on Amazon with all of the great reviews , and decided to get it.It has very nice picture quality and is all metal . It is n't all that expensive either considering the quality it is . The only downer is that it does n't have blank slides . It does have some very nice prepared slides though .
 When I recieved this telescope for my Birthday , I was very excited !!!! When I began to use it , I was n't disapointed at all !! This so called `` toy '' I very good for education and fun , it is also very durable.Before I recieved this I got a cheap one from the `` Toys R ' Us '' . It claimed to be very high magnified , and to work well.I tried it and was very disapointed , there was no metal and when you changed the slide , it did n't change the picture !! I immediately returned it.This microscope has worked perfectly . It has perfect focus , and some cool prepared slides . If you are looking for a fun , educational , affordable Microscope , This is for you . On this microscope , there is a ton of magnification and there is almost no plastic !!! It is perfect for anyone 10 + .
 I bought this scope for my granddaughter 's Christmas present , and it is impressively built . Unfortunately , right out of the box , the head was loose , -LRB- but was fixed by tightening the three deeply recessed set screws with a jeweler 's screw driver , even thought at first glance it appeared they were missing . -RRB- , and to make matters worse , the bulb had blown during a factory test , and not replaced . So , if you are planning on buying one of these , get a spare bulb , which has no part number on it , so I am giving it to you here , and write it down , ... 15T7/CL/DC . Shop wisely , because these bulbs will range anywhere from $ 1.50 to $ 10.00 . The microscope was excellent otherwise , and had high quality optics , and great `` seeing '' . The light source is excellent , and is the best I have seen in an affordable microscope . It made me want to buy one for myself ! This is definitely the one to buy if you want an affordable microscope , and I would recommend you spend the extra $ 40.00 or so over the cheaper ones to upgrade to this one .
 We 're very happy with this microscope . It is made exceptionally well and is as good as any you might find in a high school setting .
 I bought this recently and am happy with it . Several points :1 . It arrived promptly , but padding was on three sides of thebox , with one side unpadded , so that shipping was n't perfect .2 . The box only has a US address , and does not mention `` Made in China '' which can be found only on the bottom ofthe microscope .3 . There were only five slides , and 2 page handout -LRB- manual -RRB- , I would have expected a better manual and explanationsif it was meant to be use as a toy by new comers .4 . -LRB- ... -RRB- .5 . I consider the electric light a non-essential , sincethe table lamp also allows lighting from top forobject not a slide .6 . I realized later , I paid 10 % tax + 10 % shipping , so a localstore might have been a better deal.In summary , it is a robust no frills medium power microscope.But it cut corners on the manual and essential accessories.I am sure every kid who got this as a present will haveto figure out how to get accessories -LRB- and how is he/shesupposed to know which ones are essential ? -RRB- . Unless theyuse it as a supplement to school work . I wish there wasmore choices in this range -LRB- ... -RRB- on Amazon , since itis a convienient place to buy , and I reviews for thisproduct convinced me my money was well spent .
 Microscope - My First Lab -LRB- Purchased on 12/09/2007 -RRB- This was an excellent purchase . I have been very pleased so far with the results . We bought the microscope for our five-year-old daughter for Christmas , 2007 . We want to expose our daughter to as much as possible science at a young age . I am a medical student and I have a B.S. in Biology so I have a lot of experience using a microscope . But I believe if you have limited experience using microscopes you will enjoy using it.While our daughter is young she is very bright and patient . I gradually introduced her to the scope . After a few hours she was able to place the slides on the microscope stage , focus the lens , and change lenses . The scope comes with five prepared slides which are great . Wish there were a few more.We also purchased a `` lab prep '' kit which came with slides , slide covers , and many other extras to help in making your on slides , as well as with five more prepared slides . We went around the house last week collecting different things like insects from our light covers , her hair and hair from some of her dolls , onion skin ... etc. . We looked at them this week after the slides dried and it worked great.In summary , I highly recommend this product . It is well built and very user friendly . If you have never used a microscope before , I would suggest asking a friend who has some experience to get you started.Hope this helps
 Great starting microscope . We are a homeschooling family that has alot of hands on labs and this works fantastic for that application . Much sturdier than I expected . I was very pleasantly surprised when I opened the box !
 Made very well . Worth spending the money ... daughter has had this out a few times since Christmas . Looking forward to more learning with this.Great Educational Gift !
 My son and I recently purchased the My First Lab Microscope for my 7-year-old granddaughter . Shipping was fast -LRB- arrived before the expected delivery date -RRB- , and the product was received well-packaged and in excellent condition . All described product details -LRB- dust cover , 5 prepared slides and an extra light bulb -RRB- were included in the box . During our weekly phone call last night , my granddaughter took great pleasure in explaining the platelets in blood and how hairy the legs of a fly really are . She 'd seen these things on the prepared slides through her new microscope , which she described as `` AWESOME ! '' . She has already assured me that she wants to turn her bedroom into a `` lab '' , and that she 's got a `` do no disturb '' sign for her bedroom door . I was thrilled to hear how excited she was to see this new tiny world and , from what I understand , the microscope was extremely sturdy and should last her many years to come . We 've supplemented the microscope with orders for microscope books -LRB- to provide her with ideas for preparing slides -RRB- , a slide preparing kit and further prepared slides . This was a very rewarding purchase , and fun to accessorize .
 I got this scope for homeschooling and to be able to do fecal testing on sheep . I have yet to make my own slides but my four year old and I enjoyed looking at the five pre-made slides that came with the scope and they were fun.The microscope is well made , heavy and sturdy , and seems almost as good in quality as ones I remember using in high school biology classes . The light is bright . The knobs seem to be good quality with smooth action . The unit comes packed in a solid foam brick inside a thin box , so the packaging protected it well for shipping . It comes with an extra lightbulb , five ready-made slides , and a thin manual -- it describes the parts of the microscope , but it is not a guide to how to use a microscope properly.The metal bottom ` foot ' of the microsope seems to be a heat sink for the bulb -- it gets quite hot after a few minutes of use.I would recommend getting a few more slide sets or a slide making kit with this , and some kind of book about microscope use and slide making . The kit it comes with seems to be a ` best of ' of the slide kits this manufacturer makes . Would be more fun to look at things in our actual surroundings or come up with some projects.Nice item !
 I purchased this microscope for my daughter 's 4th birthday . The product description places the age range at 11 + but this scope is perfect for young children with adult supervision . After just a few uses my 4 year old is now able to bring the larger two magnifications into focus on her own . I am pleased with my purchase and consider it a great intro microscope that will serve us well for years to come . This microscope reminds me of the ones I used when I was in high school .
 Santa brought this microscope for our eight year old daughter who is a bigfoot enthusiast . Do n't ask . Anyway I was not sure she would dig this , since she never asked for one , and honestly she did not know what a microscope is . Christmas morning it was a hit . She loved looking at the premounted slides , and found them exciting . She asked , `` Can we see germs with this ? '' When she learned she could she wanted to make slides of germs . -LRB- bacteria -RRB- . It has red and blue staining to do gram staining . WOW , reminds me of when I took microbiology class !! It also has more lens paper than you would ever need.My daughter now collects bigfoot evidence in the woods behind us and looks at it under the microscope . Her search team have compiled enough evidence and they officially announced to their second grade class that bigfoot is real . I love that this toy aides with her < strike > weirdness < / strike > creativity and imagination .
 It is durable ... having two toddler boys , it has been put through some tests . It has dents and dings , but keeps on `` popping '' . They are surprised every time ... STILL . Great buy .
 This is an amazing wing zero and anyone that is a fan should get it without questions and also with the price why would anyone complain . Like seriously it is a 9 dollar kit and you should be happy that you can find this classic old model and if you want you could paint it to give it a darker color if you want to but it is not necessary . Plus people should not worry when looking at the pics of the model the pics are bad and they model looks way better than those pics .
 I purchased this Gundam Wing Zero kit at 1/144 scale recently and I must say if you are a die hard Gundam fan who wants a ton of detail and posable action this is n't the kit for you . I definitely see why it is classified under the toy category because it -LRB- 1 -RRB- is n't very articulated , -LRB- 2 -RRB- is n't very big , -LRB- 3 -RRB- it is n't very deatiled . These 1/144 sacle kits should not be confused with the much better 1/100 scale and Master Grade kits which are also sold on Amazon.I own the 1/100 Red Gundam amd the Gold Amatsu.That said , I can still honestly admit that this is a very good kit worthy of any Gundam fan 's collection . I personally bought the kit to chop it up and use it to make a custom Zero Wing Gundam Girl . The human parts I 'm sculpting from polymer clay.I also have the 1/144 Epyon kit which I will probably do the same thing to.If you want an easy build and simple enjoyable Gundam model then by alls means buy this kit ; but if you want a lot more detail and articulation then fork out the extra cash and buy a Master grade or 1/100 scale .
 As advertised , this is a model kit . there is some assembly required , but for the price , It 's very good . As for the other customer review , that person must have been a special kind of stupid to buy a model kit and expect an action figure .
 This is exactly what my son wanted and is very satisfied with this product . Even after it takes a coup , e of falls it is very sturdy .
 this gundam was just amazing . i loved it . i suggest everyone to buy it if you are a gundam fan . this gundam has great articulation except for the fact that part of the wing falls off often but it is nothing to worry about since you can easily put it back on . the head is a little loose but it does n't fall off so do n't worry about it . as i said before i suggest that you buy it
 My 8 year old daughter earned this toy for good grades . She worked hard to get it and loves it very much . She and her buddies play outside for hours and get lots of exercise .
 I got this scooter for my 9 year daughter a year ago . She never have any problem with it . Is fun , she uses many time and never got broken . I will give A + .
 My daughter had one of the these dolls a couple of years ago and it was lost . She loved this older version better than the brighter new version of the doll . She LOVES it and sleeps with it every night .
 This is a Christmas gift , therefore I do n't know how durable this will be . All I do know is my 3 yr old will LOVE it !
 This toy has held up wonderfully well under the near-continuous and not-so-gentle use it has gotten . The box is quite sturdy and the tune is satisfyingly loud and clear . That is , satisfying to my granddaughter , not necessarily to her mother after hearing it for the better part of each day . It has become one of my four-year-old granddaughter 's very favorite toys .
 bought this for a present for a baby shower , the mother was having twins and I wanted a unique gift . I bought the `` Humpty Dumpty '' one for the boy and this one for the girl . The only bad thing is that is plays `` Pop goes the weasel '' instead of Mary had a little Lamb . Still a great gift .
 I purchased the item for my 2 yr old granddaughter who loves the jack in the box . I paid for expedited delivery which was as much as the item cost and it took 5 days for delivery of the item . Upon contacting the company 4 weeks ago with a promise of a response , I have heard nothing . Next time I buy a jack in the box it will not be from these people .
 I purchased this toy to place on top of the diaper cake I was making for a friend , and it worked out GREAT !! Shipping was fast . Item looks just the picture . Overall I 'm very satified .
 My 6 year-old daughter just loves all of the Fashion Polly Pockets , and this was a great addition to her collection ! She also has a large Barbie collection , and when I asked her which one she liked better she said `` Polly Pockets ! The outfits are easier to get on and off ... you can hold more than one in your hand ... you can use your imagination and make playgrounds out of blocks ... . and they are easier to clean up and you can fit more on the shelf ! -LRB- But she warns that dogs really like to eat the small pieces ! -RRB-
 I bought this toy for my 4 yr old daughter for xmas and she loves it and I love how it folds up for storage . I think all of the Fashion Polly products are great , and very easy for her to dress . I think they need to come out with more boy dolls and bigger style packs for them.This toy is great !
 I have over 30 polly pockets . I loved the mall because its so much fun to do the hair , serve drinks , and just look around . Anyone would love these Pollys . This is a must have !
 When my cousin got this for Christmas , we played with it for hours . That 's how fun it is.It was really easy for us to take to other rooms because it folds up and has a handle.I 'm eleven and even I love Fashion Polly . I think this is a great toy . If you are considering getting this toy for a child , GET IT ! They 'll have fun with it for hours at a time . It lacks educationalism , but kids get enough of that from books and school . This toy is worth the money and is a good investment for a child .
 This Polly mall is a very good idea because it fold up and it quite compact . I love Polly 's and am really fond of the mall . I play with them a lot and I really enjoy them .
 My mother bought this for my 4 yr old daughter - and started her obession with fashion polly , and this styling mall is her favorite . This was bought as a christmas present and we still have it - unbroken , not ripped , torn or damaged in anyway ! which says a lot when it comes to my kid .
 I have many polly toys and this was the perfect addition to the group . I had a great time changing their Hair and clothes styles .
 My 31/2 year old daughter loves this toy and all fashion Polly 's . I was concerned about all the small pieces . She keeps close track of them and spends hours playing . I even find myself enjoying the dolls with my daughter . We have had a few outfits rip , but not a single problem with the dolls . The mall is very cute , and comes with two dolls . It has been hours of fun at my house !
 My two little sisters whined until they got this toy and after about 7 months they do n't play with it that often . It is n't very educational but it seemed like they did enjoy it a lot . However when you buy this you have to buy more clothes and dolls to fill it and have more customers ! So this will not be the end of your child 's collection , more $ $ $ to spend ! However if your girl likes Barbies or dolls of any kind , this is a fun thing to have !
 I really like this set . The colors are vibrant and varied . TheJumbo Magnetic Letters and Numbers Setwhich includes 40 uppercase letters , 40 lowercase letters and 36 numbers and operations , are large enough so my child can play with it , and he wo n't be able to put the entire thing in his mouth . He loves this set ! In my experience , the magnets are very sturdy , they do not come off , and they stick well on the refrigerator and on magnetic boards . They do not slide off . You may want to check on other sites for the best price .
 The Jumbo Magnetic Letters & Numbers are great ! I love how big they are . They are deffinately not a choke hazard like the other small ones we had.The magnets worked great on our magnetic dry erase board!I highly recommend this product !
 Unfortunately I had to return this puzzle because it was not what I expected ! I wanted a puzzle that had different sized pieces along with each piece being a different shape . I found that this type is more enjoyable for me to do , rather than this one that each piece was the same shape and size . The seller did give me a full refund minus the shipping and handling , for which I am thankful.So I would rate this seller and this experience a very good one , a # 5 in my case .
 this is the cutest little guy you would EVER see . he is one of my favorite webkinz.once you get the secret code and type it into the website , he looks really cute on the website , too . for me , he 's also a mini pillow !!! GET THE GOOGLES !!!!!!! I guarantee , you will treasure this litle guy FOREVER !!
 Not sure if it 's the name or what , but I just think Googles is terrific ! Its beak & feet are super soft and the rest of it is that white ` hair ' that is great to snuggle with ! My daughter loves Googles ! I think the concept of Webkinz is great too !
 This is the second Webkinz animal that my 7 year old son owns . He was given the first as a gift and begged for a second one . He uses and plays on the web site frequently , and I have not had any problems with inappropriate material on the site . The main purpose of this product is to get you to use their website.The fur has gotten a little dirty , but it is white . It says that it should not be washed , but I put it in the washing machine and it survived fine . It is well made for a stuffed animal .
 This is my daughter 's second Webkinz and she loves them both ! During the day , they sit right on top of the computer where she plays the on-line games , and at night they are tucked into bed with her ! She is 8 years old , has other friends to `` invite '' over on-line , and is already planning her next purchase ! Just a really great product for kids !
 The whole line of webkinz is a cute concept to add to the traditional stuffed animal . Each animal comes with a secret online code to enter so that the owner can `` adopt '' their pet and create a profile for it . Then they can play games to earn bucks to buy and furnish and online home for their pet . They play games with it , feed it and talk to it to keep it healthy and happy . My kids all love theirs and are having a blast earning rewards for their online buddies .
 The ratings are actually my daughter 's . I will add that she has n't put this down since it arrived in the mail . The Platypus was larger than I expected and the quality was very good .
 A + IS MY SCORE TO YOU . THE PRODUCT WAS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION AND MY GRANDSON LOVED IT . THE SERVICE WAS FAST AND E-MAIL COMMUNICATION WAS CLEAR AND TO THE POINT .
 The webkinz googles is SO cute ! Ever since I saw it I have always wanted it . When I got it , and showed it to some of my friends , they said , `` You are so lucky the googles is so cute ! '' And I agreed . Online it is still cute ! It waddles like a duck and is so cute . All the people I know call it a duck , but it is actully a platypus -- frankly the cutest platypus I 've ever seen . Any person could like it
 I have no complaints about this product . It currently resides in my lab and everyone plays with it . Thank you .
 Kids love the webkinz and I enjoy watching them learn how to manipulate the computer , budget money , answer school subject questions , etc. .
 I got this webkin for my husband because it reminded me of a mascot our fraternity had called a schmoo . He was thirlled and loved it .
 Another Webkinz my daughter HAD to have !! Webkinz is this latest craze within her friends . We 've ordered many online and purchased a few in the stores ... they are always very high quality.With Amazon ... we 've always received our order very quickly .
 Well it happened , my girlfriend and part of her family are addicted to buying webkinz ! So i bought her this one , Googles , and scored some boyfriend points , j/k . Anyways this guy is really soft and nice to hold . Only problem is it 's hard to sit him up straight without him then falling face first . Though he is still an awesome webkinz to have -LRB- even though i do n't know anything about the online part . . -RRB-
 Webkinz is an online experience where your plush pet comes to life . I own a Googles named Quackers & a Hippo named Susie . There are so many things to do in Webkinz World . You earn Kinzcash -LRB- Webkinz World 's currency -RRB- by doing trivia , playing games in the Arcade & Tournament Arena -LRB- in the Tournament Arena you can play with other players -RRB- , doing a job in the Employment Office , hunt for gems in the Curio Shop -LRB- where you can also buy things . You can meet friends in the Clubhouse , & you can buy items in the W Shop , Curio Shop , & Code Shop -LRB- you need to buy Trading Cards to buy something in the Code Shop . Webkinz is taking care of your pet . I do n't like any of those Giga Pets & Littlest Pet Shop DigiPets . If your child is not familiar with the computer or just do n't want them to get addicted to the computer this is not for you or them . By the way , Webkinz is not just for children , there are adults that do it too in their spare time . If you would like to read my review on my Webkinz Hippo type `` Webkinz Hippo . `` Thanks for Reading !
 I love this Webkinz so much ! :-RRB- It was my 5th Webkinz , and I noticed it seemed to be mare durable then my first , the lil ' kinz frog . -LRB- maybe the fabric -RRB- My younger brothers LOVED my Googles and took him everywhere and where always asking `` Can I play with him today ? Please !! '' , so we knew that this Webkinz was a keeper . If you have n't ever been on Webkinz world , it is a very appropriate website for those of any age . While there are just plain fun games , there are also educational games that help you type , spell , and so on . Having to feed , clothe , earn money , buy stuff for there pampered little kinz helps them learn how to take care of something and how to handle money , or `` kinzcash '' . Overall , I give this coolio product a 5 out of 5 .
 The Googles Webkinz is one of a kind ! They are very cute with their white fur . They are sooo cuddly and fun to hug !!! This one is not like any other webkinz . It 's a made up critter and looks like he is a platypus ! They are the cutest webkinz !
 I love all of my webkinz.I am -LSB- ... -RSB- and I have 41 ! There is not many that I do not have.I really want a tiger.I think webkinz are a safe and fun place to play.I do n't think the webkinz are durable because my Cheeky Monkey ripped .
 I THINK THIS TOY IS VERY CUTE IT IS MY TENTH WEBKINZ . AND I ALSO HAVE THE PINK GOOGLES TOO , AND IT HAS SOFT SKIN ON THE BACK , AND THE WHITE ONE HAS SPIKY SKIN ON THE BACK.MY PINK ONES NAME IS patti.MY WHITE ONES NAME IS GIGGLES . IM PLANNING ON GETING THE BLUE GOOGLES AND NAMING IT destiny THAT IS ALL I HAVE TO SAY .
 I 'm 14 years old . When I first saw Webkinz , I thought that this was another thing that ganz was doing to force kids to buy their products . Then , when I was 13 , I saw this stuffed animal on a shelf in a restaurant called The Old Mill . It was the google -LRB- but I did n't realize it was a webkinz ! -RRB- so I bought it . I was so happy with my new purchase I thought he was adorable ! Eventually I realized it was a webkinz , and I logged it onto webkinz . I totally loved it . Webkinz is so much fun , and it 's adorable . A bargain for 15 bucks !
 I have 4 boys and the all love webkinz . We live a little distance from our family and some of our best friends , but we bought them webkinz too and now my kids can connect with them and it has been a fun experience .
 King Puddleduck II joined our home and has travelled extensively with us now . He joins a large collection of other stufed family members !
 This googles is great !!!! At first I thought it would be like a platypus , but after I saw it I found out that it was much much better ! It has velvet flippers and is very cuddly.Even if you are not much for stuffed animals , it is worth it just To go to * Webkinz World * . I very much recommond this toy !!
 My granddaughter loves this . With the help of her family , she named it Elizabeth Bing Yahoo .
 Overall , I think the white Googles is a perfect choice . It has a lot of character and is absolutely adorable for every age !
 I bought the Googles Webkinz for my daughter and she LOVES it . I was impressed with its condition when we got it -- sometimes getting plush animals through the mail does n't go so well . The Webkinz Googles duck is really cute and cuddly . I have NO regrets at all about this purchase .
 I got this for her 11th birthday . This is our 3rd webkinz toy purchase . Her first webkinz was when she was 10yr old . They 're all very good quality and you get 1yr membership online so the toy owner can play games with others online . The website is also educational where the owner needs to take care of the character pet by taking the pet to school -LRB- a variety of courses of varying levels available -RRB- , taking the pet to work -LRB- a variety of job selcetions available -RRB- , feeding , buying furniture , etc. . It 's a lot of fun for the kids . An exceptional value for the price of the toy .
 My son & I searched all around for a Webkins Platypus . It was a manager at a Target store that suggested that we check online . We found Amazon to be very easy to use , simple to locate the Webkinz we were looking for & actually after shipping costs were added cheaper than all of the local stores ... Webkinz Googles
 Webkinz is one awesome invention ... and yes , they are educational , they have quizes based on each of the 4 core subjects -LRB- language , math , science , & social studies -RRB- catagorized by age groups , they teach responsibility -LRB- on a small scale -RRB- because you have to take care of them -LRB- feed , clothe , keep them healthy -RRB- , it teaches about money because you have to earn & spend `` kinz cash '' . Not to mention how cute and fun they are .
 My grandson loves this animal , it goes with him everywhere , the web site is wonderful and educational . So much fun . I wish they had things like this when I was a kid .
 I have a googles and I love it ! I also have a baby one . My friends all love my googles . My googles has been on my bike and is still in good shape . It 's snount has faded a bit . I really like to play with my googles online too . I have 14 webkinz and this one is still my favorite so , buy the googles !
 We received this 2 days ago as a gift and my 2.5 year old loves it ! He has asked to play several times each day . The bears are a thick heavy plastic and the bear bingo cards are thick and sturdy although only cardboard . We 've only played the easier version -LRB- where you use colors and sizes rather than numbers -RRB- because he is n't old enough to identify numbers yet . He loves even just playing with the plastic bears , although they are choking hazard size so we only play when his baby brother is sleeping . In general we have found learning resources to be a big hit ! The perfect combination of fun and educational .
 My son is 21/2 - he got this for Christmas . He loves it . He loves to set it all up and call me - `` time for lunch , Mommy '' . It is great for learning different food names and he can feel proud that he is doing something nice for Mommy . We pretend like we 're eating and it 's a good way to teach sharing and communication . He did crack the plastic on the basket - but the food items are indestructible .
 Play food is fantastic ! My 2.5 year old daugther loves it . She loves this set - she is able to take her favourite teddy or doll for a picnic outside or on the carpet in the lounge room . She likes to put things on plates , help teddy eat them and pretends to eat herself . It helps her to recognise food , learn their names , their colours and shapes . She likes to carry everything in the basket , or set it all up on plates like at dinner . Playfood is a great toy to have around the house for imaginative play and indestructable . This is a toy that will be played with !
 I recently bought this set for my daughter to add some words to her vocabulary -LRB- she is 17mos -RRB- and she is still gumming toys and the paint -LRB- ? -RRB- came right off the apple on the first day . I thought about returning it . I like the realistic size of them and her being able to recognize the difference of an apple and tomato . I also have a 3 year old so I will just use these with him for awhile instead .
 My 3 year old son and 18 month old daughter both love this toy . Out of all their christmas presents , this is the one that they play with every single day . They love to prepare dinner for my husband and I every night . Hours of entertainment .
 Bought this for my toddler whom loves to go on picnics with older sibling . The food is so realistic , I keep picking up the chips off the floor before realizing they are not real !! Very sturdy and fun .
 My 21/2 year old loves this picnic basket full of play food . He enjoys bringing me food to `` eat '' and then cleaning up the mess . The pear looked so real , he actually tried to take a bite . I also bought a set of dishes to go with the food which takes his imagination to a different level . My son is very active and it is very hard to find toys that will interest him ... this is one of those rare finds .
 I purchased this for my 4 year old to use with her play kitchen and she loves it . Good quality toys , seems like they will really last . She used to have plastic play food and those did not last , these are made of a more rubber-like material . Very pleased with this purchase and will definitely buy more of this brand in the future .
 My 2.5 year old granddaughter has had great fun with this and her 10 mo. old brother loves the food !
 Fun toy food & basket for little kids ' picnics . The picnic `` blanket '' is very small , but otherwise it 's a great set . Good variety of foods included .
 My two daughter got this set and another similar one about a year ago and they are both fantastic ! The food is realistic looking . If there is one laying on the floor , sometimes I have to do a double take ! All the neighborhood kids play with them , too and they are still in excellent shape . They still look like the day we got them . Even the 11 and 12 year old neighbors love to play with these toys -LRB- with the little ones , of course -RRB- :-RRB- I think they are worth the price !
 Very sturdy , sharp , compact , perfect for small jobs . I would highly reccomend this to anyone who wants a small pair of scissors .
 My son was very excited to receive this toy as a gift for the holidays . He loves it and fits in with his other military vehicles .
 This is some nice entry level games that we were able to play with our five year old daughter today . A lot of fun for us !! I also love the fact that they come in this nice tin . The downside ... . the durablilty of the cards and boxes . They are super cheap and thin . My daughter has sweaty palms and each one of her cards was wet ; even when you were mixing them . She was also bending them very easily.This is a nice set because in each box there is the directions , the cons are the actual cards durability . Give it a try at this price .
 We received this as a gift for my 6-year-old daughter . She likes to play the games with her friends and we even bought a set for one of them b/c they liked it so much . Offers a nice old-fashioned way to pass the time , and it 's great for travel , as the case holds everything . A really nice alternative in today 's world of electronic everything .
 We purchased this for our daughter for Christmas and we have enjoyed playing these card games with her ! She loves them ! This is a great product and great for teaching young children to play these classic games . Love that the cards come in a tin so it 's all very organized ! Highly recommended .
 To be honest , we only purchased this set for the War Cards . A local restaurant had this tin on one of the tables to entertain the kids until the food arrived . My 5 year old just loved the war game . He would search the entire restaurant looking for the 1 tin with these cards . Eventually , I went on a web search to find a set for home use.My son has not lost interest in these cards -LRB- granted it is probably related to his continuing interest in knights and dragons -RRB- . He is always looking for someone to play with him and will even entertain himself playing against the imaginary `` bad guys '' when no one else is available . Even after a few months of use , he is so proud of these cards that he used his kids camera to take photos of each of the cards.The cards have been remarkably durable given the abuse they have taken . We have not had any issues with them.If your child is interested in knights and dragons , this is a great game to keep them interested in learning numeric quantities . The bonus is that he is teaching his 3 year old brother to understand `` which one is the bigger number ? '' .
 I bought this as a present for my five year old girl . We had been playing `` Go Fish '' and `` Old Maid '' with regular cards , and when she opened this present her eyes lit up . The cards are surprisingly sturdy , but by no means measure up to regular playing cards , but more than acceptable . Bye the way , I paired this up with a `` Little Hands Card Holder '' , almost a must .
 Great way for pre-scoolers to learn card games . helps them improve memory and interactwith others . i would recommend this to parents with busy children .
 kidz cards in a tin i bought for my little cousin and she loves them she says she likes that they have a tin container that she can store her cards in and does n't have to worry about loosing any of them .
 It 's a great combination of card games and I enjoyed these as a child and will play these with mine . I love the combination .
 I bought this because he came with 4 separate card games . The games separately cost more at local stores around me so this was a bargain . I dont know how educational this is though , I mean yeah you learn matches and pairs but other than that , I dont see much educational use out of this product . Overall , the cards are holding up pretty good .
 This came today and it was a great day for games , it rainedall day . Our grankids age 5 and 3 , my husband and me playedgames all day long . We had so much fun it was a blast . Thesecard games were a big part of our fun . They are well made andwill last a long time . As with anything you have to take goodcare of them , but they are not delicate . They are regular cardsize . The price is great and I love the storage tin , it has extraroom so you can add other goodies .
 This set includes 4 card games that my 4 year old was able to pick up quickly and 2 the my 21/2 year old was able to learn . The cards are a little flimsy , but they are just fine for what we use them for . Overall , we found this set a bargain and would recommend it to families looking for some quality family time .
 Bought this product for dementia residents at a skilled nursing facility . The beads are Colorful , easy to hold and manage while stringing and I love the different colors and shapes which is great for a sorting activity . I would recommend this product for anyone working with the elderly for its ease of use and durability .
 My kids are 4 and 2 and they love this toy . Soft foam are good for little hands . There are 2 laces , so my kids like to make them into necklaces . It is a little pricey , but it is worthwhile for our family . We do n't find it smelly -LRB- as another family claims -RRB- . I can imagine the toy may get smelly if the little hands are sweaty and we immediately put the toy back into the box . Fortunately , that does not happen to us since my kids do n't sweat very much .
 This was a gift for my niece . She loved it . She cheered when she saw what it was . Just the right size for young children .
 The food is fun to play with and is very realistic looking , but each piece is a little big for pretend eating . Love the basket that the food comes in .
 bueno juguetes para la ni & ntilde ; a de bonitos colores y diversidad bueno juguetes para la ni & ntilde ; a de bonitos colores y diversidad
 My mom bought this for my daughter to go with her kitchen , grocery cart and cash register . The food is colorful and it a wonderful size . The basket is sturdy . I 'm happy my children have this item .
 What can you say about these items . Great for kids , a good product , fast shipment , I am satisfied . Thanks again .
 This product is really nice and educational item . it has a wide colorful collection of vegetables and fruits . I recommend this product for kids from 2 - 5 years .
 This is a great set of play food . VERY durable -LRB- i.e. wo n't be flattened with a little one chewing or stepping on it -RRB- . It looks realistic too . The basket it comes in is also good quality -LRB- not cheap like other play food baskets -RRB- . Highly recommend spending a little bit extra on this play food vs. buying cheap . This holds up !
 This is well worth the money ! The items look realistic , extremely well made and pretty solid . My nearly 2-year-old can be rough on toys , but these are holding up great - no dings , no scratches , and they do n't collapse . He loves playing with them and the little basket they come in is nice . These only item that looks a little weird is the celery .
 This set looks better than I could 've imagined . The pieces of fruit and vegetables look very realistic . My almost 3-year-old grandson loves playing with this . Excellent !
 Play food - marvellous stuff . My daughters love it . They use it for tea parties , to learn fruit and vegetable name/colours/shapes . They pretend to go shopping , they love to pile everything in the basket and just carry it around . They feed fruit to their teddys and dolls and to me . There is so much you can do with play food - they use their imagination to play the game and I no longer find food missing from our fruit bowl or vegetable crisper in toy boxes!All the fruit and vegetables fit in this basket and can be easily carried around . The fruit and vegetables are made of strong plastic and have held up quite well despite being thrown , stood on , chewed and thrown in the bath . Easy to wash in warm soapy water to keep clean .
 I was very pleased with this toy . The veggies , with the exception of the lettuce , are life sized . They are durable , realistic and colorful . My 18 mo. old daughter put them to use right away , naming the veggies and fruits and then feeding them to her doll.I am very pleased with this product . Out of all of the pretend food that is out there , this is the best that I have seen by far .
 Do n't get me wrong-I LOVE THIS TOY !!! -LRB- and so does my 18M old daughter -RRB- but I did notice that a few of the fruit pieces were less durable than others . Specifically , the pear arrived to me already crushed -LRB- made from very thin plastic -RRB- and the banana seems like the next one to `` deflate '' . But most of the fruits are made from much thicker , stronger plastic . The basket is adorable and the fruit and vegetables are very realistic looking . Even without the pear , it provides my daughter hours of fun !
 Very realistic looking food , I was surprised at how true to size the food was . My daughter enjoys playing with the food and shopping basket every day . She received them as a gift when she was 20 months . There are no choking hazaards that I can see so I disagree with the mfr 's rec age . The food is very durable too .
 This is absolutely the best play food ever ! The pieces are so realistic , they 're better than the ones you find in craft stores . The hard plastic is great for all of life 's hard knocks and the basket is perfect for hauling them all over the place .
 I removed the strawberries as a choking hazard , and my 18-month-old LOVES to play with this toy , is learning to name the fruit , and carries the basket everywhere .
 This is a great toy ! The fruit is very realistic . In terms of durability , they are pretty good but are crushable if a child is rough enough . My little boy loves this toy in the bathtub too . The only thing I do n't like is that the fruit pieces wound up all over the house and we just ca n't find the apple !
 This is a wonderful product ! I bought this for my daughter when she was 1 year old and she plays with it constantly ! The food is very realistic and actual size . It 's by far , the best play food I 've seen . It 's a little pricey but definately worth it .
 I purchased this play food for my son who is 18 months old . I was pleasantly surprised when it came . I thought some of the food would be small or made from thin plastic and would not last long . I was wrong . All the pieces are made from a hard plastic that seems very durable . The only small pieces are the strawberries so if your child likes to put stuff in their mouth it might be a good idea to take these away from them . I was also impressed with the quality of the little shopping basket . It is very sturdy and well made . I highly recommend this product and brand if you are looking for something that will last .
 This was actually a gift for a little three year old , for her new kitchen , she enjoys them very much .
 I have purchased many of the Learning Resources Food Baskets . They are all AWESOME ! They look realistic and are high quality . Best play food that you can buy !
 Bright and colorful and came in a well constructed shopping basket . I bought it for my two year old granddaughter who received a play kitchen for Christmas .
 I have tried several different kitchen food sets , but my kids always manage to ruin them with in a week or so . I bought this because I thought it looked like a nice set and I figured I 'd replace it in 6 months when my kids destroyed it . WOW , was I ever wrong ! These things are practically indestructible and they are worth every penny ! We are in the process of redoing our play room and I will be buying a couple of the different sets they offer .
 We bought this set for our 15 month old daughter for Christmas and she loves it . She plays with it every day and pretends to eat all of the fruits and veggies . The pieces are pretty true to real life in size and color . I love that it comes with a basket to store everything as well . I was definitely not disappointed .
 Saving this as part of Christmas but from what I can tell it is going to be a huge hit - seems to be great quality and realistic looking - highly recommend
 So far this product has proven to be a good learning tool and durable for our 15 month old . We also got him a shopping cart and he walks around the house with the food in it and will take the food out & put it back in . The quality of the food is what I like best , it 's large and very realisitic . Some other reviews I 've read of other play food complained about the food not being durable and being small and cheap looking , this is a good set and does n't look cheap at all .
 tHE FRUIT AND VEGETABLE BASKET IS GOOD SIZE , SOME OF THE FRUIT IS SMALLER THAN I WOULD HAVE LIKED BUT OVERALL I AM HAPPY WITH THIS S ET
 My son and nephew started fighting over getting to go shopping when this one got opened Christmas morning . Great set , and lots of variety for pretend play in the kitchen .
 We bought this for our granddaughter who is just shy of two years old . Once she opened it on Christmas she spent the next hour picking up , arranging and trying to name the different fruits/vegetables . She has a little brother who is six months old so if she forgets to put them up right away he is in no danger because they are baby friendly . Great gift for an age when they are as happy playing with boxes as expensive toys .
 My 3 grandsons love this line of toys . They have all 3 of these and even play store . adorable game play
 Nice items to teach the kids about at home . Reinterated at the grocery store . The items are sturdy thick plastic .
 This was a Christmas gift and my niece loved it . There is n't a lot of fruit in the basket , but the fruit is so real looking plus it has the basket that you can carry around ...
 My grand-daughter loves to carry the basket and uses it to store various things . She is learning to identify fruits and vegetables . I recommend this item .
 These are some of the best made fake food products that I 've seen . Very realistic looking . The kids love playing with these in their shopping cart and register .
 I sent this to my niece for Christmas . I was told the fruits were life size , came with the basket , and was a really fun set . I 'm glad she liked this !
 We purchased two sets of these , one for our granddaughter who is 2 and one for the church nursery which cares for children birth to 30 months . The previous reviews spoke to the sturdiness of the items . Our desire was to have fruits and vegetables that were realistic and sturdy enough that the children could not bite into the pieces . The items are made of a firm plastic that meets that criteria very well . The basket is great for visible storage and the &#34; dumping and filling &#34; process that toddlers enjoy so much !
 The toy is a great addition to a kids kitchen , but it also is just a fun toy for the kiddos to play with . And the basket is after toy and storage bin .
 Bought this one among many other Learning Resources food sets for my kids play kitchen and grocery store . Durable , cute , fairly realistic and easy to clean . There are n't many pieces of food for the price but the cute basket kind of makes up for that .
 I bought this for my little boy , since he loves to pretend about food.But I found it only held his attention for a short time . I like the basketfor storage , and the veggies look real . But he started to throw theround shaped veggies around the house , calling them balls , and Iguess his age group is not getting the concept here . So I have putthis toy away , at least for a while .
 We have owned this product for over five years and it 's incredibly durable . I have four daughters and they play with this set on a daily basis . Both the food and the basket are in like-new condition . The food is so life-like I have sometimes mistook it for the real thing and wondered why someone brought food in the playroom ! :-RRB- This product should last you for years . I like it so much , that I purchased a few more similar sets for my girls for Christmas this year . This is highly recommended .
 Bought for my granddaughters `` kitchen set '' & grocery store ! They love them ! I love them . Learning Resources makes the best play foods ! They are very realistic looking and very well made . This comes with an assortment of veges & fruits . Do n't think the whole basket is full though , like I did . There 's a false bottom in it and the basket is about 1/2 full . But it is a well rounded selection of fruits & veges . They are good size too !
 My 23-month-old loves playing with this toy food ! The basket has also been a lot of fun for her ... She often picks it up and announces `` I go to Whole Foods ! '' ~ The first time she said that I almost died laughing !! Then she trots off and puts the food in her basket and brings it to her play kitchen to `` make a meal '' . I also use this toy to practice colors and names of fruits & vegetables . I put all the foods in the basket and say , `` which one is red ? '' and she pulls out the tomato . Or , I 'll pick one up and ask `` what is this ? `` The pieces have been very durable so far .
 I gave this to my 18 month old daughter for Christmas and it has been one of her favorite things ! But more importantly , I love it because the shopping basket is a perfect storage container for the food . It is just the right size for a toddler to carry on her own , too . Love , love , love it .
 I got two of these - to go with kitchen sets my mom got my neice and my nephew . And I was sooo pleasantly surprised when I opened the box and saw these baskets . They 're a really nice size - perfect for a little kid and seemingly good quality . -LRB- I did n't open them because they 're for Christmas -RRB- . The fruits look very realistic and I could n't be happier with this purchase . And , I 'm kinda tempted to get something else from this brand - what a great buy !
 This basket of fruits and veggies is fantastic . They are very durable -LRB- my daughter has chewed on them , thrown them , and even stepped on them and yet they go right back to their original shape -RRB- ! We bought this basket in conjunction with a shopping cart and my daughter plays with it daily . She loves to pretend she is shopping and can name all of the fruits and veggies in the basket -LRB- she just turned two -RRB- . Great buy , definitely worth the money .
 My 15 month old loves these . They are lightweight -LRB- since they are not wood -RRB- , so no owies when he bops his friends or siblings in the head with the apple . They are very realistic and a good quality . The plastic is sturdy and does not dent . The basket is well made , the handles do not pop off .
 My goddaughter uses it with other playfood and cooking sets and loves it . This being wintertime she spends a lot of time at home playing and so far it works well for all ; -RRB-
 My grandson enjoys his toy kitchen and his shopping cart - this is a fun addition so he can ` shop ' like Mom and have food for the refrigerator and pantry . Pieces are large , colorful and well made . Other than the dog trying to slink off with the head of lettuce it is a great addition .
 lots of fun , large enough for her to play with , reminds her of the store that is at the Science Discovery
 My daughter is not easy on her play pretend food and these have withstood her worst treatment . They are good in the way that they teach her about healthy food choices -LRB- or so I hope -RRB- and how to use her imagination when we go ` food shopping ' together for certain foods . I like them and would recommend them .
 this is a great toy for the kids to play with , they learn about the vegetables and get a carrying basket also . the handles are a nice small size for the kids ' hands .
 These `` food toys '' are great for a small child 's shopping cart and play kitchen . They are also a good tool to teach little ones about different foods .
 Most of the fruit and veggies look real . 2 yr old loves them . He loves loading and unloading them into the basket . Bought to go with our kitchen and shopping cart . He now knows the names and colors of all the fruits and veggies . I like this set much better than the small plastic sets you can buy . They have been stepped on and driven over with ride on toys and they all are still in great shape . The basket is really cute .
 I ordered this for my grandchildren so they could play grocery store . It has provided hours of fun for them .
 My Little one year old grand child just loves her veggies and plays with them all the time . Great toy !!
 LOVE these . They are darling and durable and provide tons of fun in the toy kitchen . The basket is great for clean up time too !
 My 2 yr old niece LOVED this toy ! She is always dressing up and wanting to go `` shopping '' - now she has real items to `` buy '' . The fruits & veggies were very durable , realistic , and easy for her little fingers to handle . The basket was too cute.Great price ! I saw the same item being sold for twice or even three times as much from other stores and sellers.I would highly recommend both the product and the seller .
 Was pleasantly surprised by the quality for the price . Nice large items for kids to play with . Looks quite real too . Prefect for the purpose . Make believe grocery store for children ages 2-5 yrs .
 This looks very real . We are very pleased . The only think I do n't like is the handles move with difficulty . Perhaps that will improve over time .
 Hi . Let 's start off with Big Show . Good but still has his hair . 4/5 . Eddie Guerrero , looks realistic . 5/5 I was dissapointed with Kurt Angle . He looks so young and looks like he has lipstick on . 3/10 . In overall this is a good toy . 5/5
 Oh , man ! I 've been waiting for this for like ... years . Alright let 's start with Show . He looks good overall execept that he still has hair.But he 's still cool . Angle . . wow . His attire is disapointing because most people were looking foreword to the blue one.Though red is o.k , I was looking for the blue attire . But not looking at the attire this is the best Angle ever . Oh , it 's true . And for Eddie ... well , nothin . We 've seen this before.Anyway a good 3 pack . Keep trying Jakks , you 'll get one right soon . So long .
 I love this set this is the best Big Show ever . This is one of the best three packs I have ever seen .
 Did not think much of it but got it because we did not have any balls for him to play with . He was about 7 months old when I got it . He liked it right away . He puts his face on it . Pushes it away then crawls to it . He bites it . He hits it and makes it jingle . He loves watching us throw it around . I would also recommend the soft ball with the tabs if you can find it as I see that he loves all tags on anything we buy him .
 This is a good first ball , especially because it has a bell in it to get little ones attention .
 It is gently jingly , very soft and does n't advertise anything ... perfect for a little one .
 These are great all around scissors . Not cheap crap , but not carbide awesomeness either . They are not meant for using in a sweat shop , cutting all day , as they will hurt your fingers eventually . But they are smooth and sharp enough for cutting decal sheets . I knew I could have gambled with trying cheaper ones but I figured these guys would have a good product , and they did . Not much else to say about scissors . .
 Raised at close proximity to Manhattan , you can not help but to savor foods from all parts of the world ! I have been sure to teach my twins to eat a wide variety of foods from different parts of the world , aside from their own diverse cultures , so it is only befitting that they play in the same manner ! They were delighted to be able to `` cook '' some of the different foods they know and love . I also love hearing them explain what the foods are and where they 're from when they have friends over for playdates !
 Great quality play food ! Only issue is that most items are too big to fit in the toy pots and pans for kid kitchens . But very realistic looking !
 As always Learning Resources brings pretend play to life ... the only reason I gave this set a 4 star rating ? I wish there were 2 of everything ... the single shrimp ... or single cake ... makes it hard to serve up a crowd . -LRB- But to be fair i knew this when ordering -RRB- ... the information that came with the play food is really interesting too ... tons of fun facts regarding where each item is served up in the real world and even some recipes to make at home ... we plan to use this info to take my daughters imagination to the next level ... I would def recommend !
 The food items are made of soft plastics , so very little chance of taking out an eye.Food is n't labeled on what it is such as hotdog , red , lettuce , etc. she has a shopping cart and a picnic basket and a table . Plays with it all day long . Will need to teach her the names .
 I own a daycare and I am always trying to find new ways to teach young children about other cultures . The multicultural play food meets that goal . The children love playing with it during pretend play .
 This toy is one of the softest , cuddly , toys ever made . The Color and fabric is wonderful . Facial features are great .
 I ordered this for my daughter and she just loves it . All her friends think it is the cutest thing and she gets many compliments on it . It was shipped fast and is very soft .
 got it for my birthday . very cute , stands by itself , looks exactly as pictured . love love love love love the cute little thing !
 I love this Llama ! I ca n't sleep without him . He is soft and very huggable and just the right size . I would buy this if I were you .
 Then why are you even here . This llama is so soft . I have 3 in this collection IIRC and all are the same material and just as cute as the last . I love them so much and only wish they would make 1 or 2 more : D
 This was a good buy . Arrived early . The material is soft , and dare I say , cuddly . Seems well-made . It 's about the right size -- as big as a medium sized teddy . And it 's light . My 18-month old took to it quite easily . Did n't think it 'd stand up on its soft legs , but was proved wrong . No reason for complaints . If you 're in the market for a llama , this is the one to buy .
 I bought this for my 16 year old daughter and she just loves it ! It sits on her dresser .
 Cute , soft , and a perfect little gift to those outside the norm of teddy bears and puppies .
 The toy is adorable and lovable . Once you touch it you do n't want to put it down . It is like touching soft silky fluff .
 This darling plush animal may as well be a replica of one of my cute llamas , Texas T ! How fun to have him in the house with me ... . This is such a cute and oh , so plush an animal ! It is not only darling to view but it feels wonderful to handle . He is big enough to be seen from across the room , but not so big that he is a problem to find a place to keep . I am delighted to add him to my home . I would reccomend it in a heartbeat .
 Believe it or not !! We received a thank you note from the teenager for whom we purchased the llama . She collects llamas and thought this llama was extremely plush and soft . Additionally , she thought he/she was very realistic looking . Anyway five out of five
 I bought this gorgeous little llama for my boyfriend for his birthday . It was a great reminder of our llama trek . He looks just like the llama my boyfriend walked with . He is very well made , beautifully soft and stands on his own .
 I have a collection of little llamas , some stuffed , some stone , some woven . This particular llama has been adopted by my kitten . She attacks it everyday and then snuggles with it . It 's held up remarkably well , and is only now becoming ripped at a seam on its back after very rough play where it is literally being bitten , clawed , and pulled on every day.Of all of my stuffed llamas in my collection , this is definitely the softest one . It 's hair is a strange texture that I ca n't place , and instead of being a solid mass of fur it 's many little wisps . I 'm not sure what it is exactly , but it 's very soft , which is probably why my cat was drawn to it .
 I love this little alpaca , it 's so soft . He stands up , too . He 'll just be standing there looking at you like `` Hey , whatcha doing ? ''
 Very soft and adorable stuffed llama -LRB- although we say it 's an alpaca -RRB- . The legs are weighted with bean bag stuff so you can stand him up . My daughter loves it .
 He was perfect for my llama loving niece for Christmas - although wish he were a little bit bigger than he was
 I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas . Its small , fluffy , and i like how it stands on his own . I ca n't wait for him to open it up . He 's adores llamas < 3
 I bought both this and the Liam Llama -LRB- also sold by Douglas Toys -RRB- and this was definitely the better of the two as far as color , design , and softness . My only complaint about this llama is that the second I pulled it out of the box , a few of the strings came loose . Overall a great toy , but you get what you pay for as far as quality .
 I love this llama more than anything else in the universe ! It has nice shaggy fur and stands up on its own with sturdy legs .
 The two main reazons I like this toy so much are realistic detail , and a suprisingly high amount of flexability.This toy is especially fun if you have any Dragons toys , also made by Mega Bloks , because you can have the brave knight slay the terrible dragon.His arms legs and head have magnets holding them in place , elbows , and knees have snap-in joints , and hands and feet have ball-joints . I shure hope my review has been helpful to you and that you will buy this toy like I did .
 This toy is awesome . It sticks together perfectly . There eyes light up when you press a hidden butten on there head . I like stuff that you put together . The ages say 4-8 but when have they ever been right about the ages lol . I am 11 and this thing is still cool . Each one comes with a weapon and a shield . Great to play with if you got those dragons inside of eggs -LRB- also made from this company -RRB- . I hope this was a good rating . Hope this helps you .
 Truly wonderful toys , these 4 different magnetic knights . The designs are great , The armor and limbs stick nicely -LRB- and not too tightly -RRB- to the body thanks to the magnets . The eyes of each knight light up spookily from under their visors with the press of a hidden button on their helmets.These toys are easy for kids as young as 3 or 4 to take apart , put back together and play with -LRB- nicely demonstrating the principles of magnetic attraction -RRB- and the designs and paint jobs of the different armors will please even a 9 or 10 year old.Each figure comes with a weapon , a sheild , and a metal base with some collectible card game-esque stats on the bottom ... but , kids are just gon na play with these guys . A lot . Highly recommended .
 Okay , so they 're fun . I 'm 28 and recently finished the set for my son -LRB- he 's 4 -RRB- . He got 4 of them for Christmas , and I bought the last two this weekend -LRB- the two with the portal sets -RRB- . Hey , I actually bought a complete set for myself , too . :D So , a few things ... First , the quality of detail is quite well . The hiding of the buttons on the helmet was obviously well thought through , and the attention to detail is amazing -LRB- okay , other than Warfang and Drachnid , and Paladar and Valtheran are identical , other than a different paint scheme and weapon load out -RRB- . Secondly , the magnets are good . Quite strong , other than the feet and head , as someone has mentioned.Durability of weapons leaves a bit to be desired , however . The plastic they were crafted from , though durable , still does n't flex very well and you 'll find yourself forcing some of their weapons to fit in their hands . Be careful with those or they will break.Now , my other complaint is the stat card plates they come with . Each one is given a set of statistics representing attack , defense , armor , weapons , etc , but nothing to do with them . Now , when I first saw them , my question was , `` Is this to a game of some kind ? `` All in all , great product . My son has a blast with them . Not only playing , but rebuilding them , switching pieces here and there , etc. . I recommend them to friends who have kids my sons age .
 This guy is great . The magnets that hold his arms and legs on are quite strong . The ones on his feet and to attach his head do n't seem to hold quite as well . The light up eyes are cool and it even comes with batteries . Everyone in my office is jealous and now I feel that my cube is protected when I go home for the evening . Kids may like this toy as well .
 HPI Servo Gear Set - SF-2 , I bought this product to control my toy because it had the previous sweep , excellent product
 This toy is very cool . I like it a whole lot . It 's very articulated , properly priced , ornately designed , and , best of all , is held together with magnets . The joints that are magnets have rubber greaves where the magnets meet , so that they do n't slip . These figs do n't fall apart on me . They never have . Accesories are weapon , shield , tin card/base , and sholderpads . Well worth their price , any kid is gon na love one of these . Look up their names on the web for pics , since amazon has no pics yet . Get one of these , and you , or your child/children will be playing with these for a looooong time . And , the packaging doubles as a carrying case . Is n't that smart ? So just get one .
 Truly wonderful toys , these 4 different magnetic knights . The designs are great , The armor and limbs stick nicely -LRB- and not too tightly -RRB- to the body thanks to the magnets . The eyes of each knight light up spookily from under their visors with the press of a hidden button on their helmets.These toys are easy for kids as young as 3 or 4 to take apart , put back together and play with -LRB- nicely demonstrating the principles of magnetic attraction -RRB- and the designs and paint jobs of the different armors will please even a 9 or 10 year old.Each figure comes with a weapon , a sheild , and a metal base with some collectible card game-esque stats on the bottom ... but , kids are just gon na play with these guys . A lot . Highly recommended .
 I forgot to mention , but the heads also have a really nifty light-up eyes feature . Just get one .
 Mag Warriors are the best thing since Legos ! Drachnid has really cool eyes that light up when you press a horn on his helmet . He carries a powerful Wind Scythe and he has 15 points of articulation . He is well made and all in all this is a really cool toy . Only one problem -- Amazon does n't carry all the Mag Warriors . They are missing six . I hope this review was helpful to you .
 My son has trouble getting the pieces together . Many of the joints are not magnets . I prefer the roseart magnet men .
 I HAVE A QUESTION . WHY THE HELL DOSE IT SAY KID KASH ?!??!!!?!? IT SHOULD NOT SAY KID KASH BECAUSE NEITHER OF THEM IN THE PHOTO IS KID KASH !!! AMAZON CAN YOU PLEASE FIX THAT . AND IF YOU DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO HERES WHAT YOU DO ... . YOU SHOULD CHANGE THE NAME TO WWE CLASSCIC SUPERSTARS UNDERTAKER VS MANKIND . THATS WHAT YOU SHOULD DO BECAUSE LIKE I SAID BEFORE NEITHER OF THEM ARE KID KASH . ANY WAY HERE IS MY REVIEW FOR THIS SET OF FIGS . THE UNDERTAKER LOOKS PRETTY GOOD . HE HAS HIS LONG HAIR AND I AM ALSO GALD THAT HE HAS ALL OF HIS TATTOS . ON THE SIDES OF HIS TIGHTS THERE ARE 4 SILVER XS . MANKIND IS A GREAT FIG TO . HE HAS HIS LONG HAIR AND HIS MASK COMES ON AND OFF . ANOTHER COOL THING ABOUT THE FIG IS THAT MANKIND IS MISSING HALF HIS EAR JUST LIKE IN REAL LIFE !!! THIS IS A GREAT WAY TO REMBER THE HELL IN THE CELL MATCH THAT UNDERTAKER AND MANKIND HAD AT KING OF THE RING 1998 . THIS SET ALSO COMES WITH A TABLE . BUY THIS SET .
 My son received this as a birthday gift and he loves it . He is still a bit small to ride it -LRB- he 's only 18 months - 32.5 '' tall -RRB- . Another inch and it will be perfect . For the time being , he will just push it around the house . This product -LRB- and Alex toys , in general -RRB- is very well constructed . It is also visually impressive . We are looking forward to years of fun with this toy . This horse also rocks more than most , but not enough to be unsafe .
 I bought this toy to use for the kids attending and ESL class with their parents . Our ESL class is for native Spanish speaking people in our community . It turned out that everyone loved working with it . It was practical and fun for the entire class . As long as you do n't lose the pieces , it is plenty durable . The only downside is the lack of enough letters and words for more advanced students , but it is n't intended for adults . So it worked very well for our beginning students .
 We got this for my son for his third birthday and he loves it . It is very durable and well-made , more like the sturdy toys of my youth -LRB- think the 1970 's -RRB- than the cheap plastic toys of today . Also , it is very easy to assemble - requires no tools and takes just a few minutes . Just a warning - this garage is bigger than I anticipated , which was not a problem , but just be aware - check the dimensions if space is a consideration for you . The only complaints I have , and they are minor
 At a sale price , this would be a great deal . At full price , I do n't think it is worth it . It is a wonderful idea . My son owned this for all of 2 minutes when the string fell off the elevator and the ramp broke . I was able to fix the elevator , but the ramp will need glue of some sort.Also note that this is NOT one piece . It is actually 3 pcs that just sort of sit together .
 This toy does remind me of toys from my youth -LRB- circa 1970 -RRB- . Good wood construction and practical funtion . It can also be used with many different types of cars ... even Matchbox , Brio or Thomas the Train . It really leaves a lot to the Child 's imagination , which is great ! And no batteries are required!Assembly was really easy!The few downfalls are minor ... When the item is assembled you can not just pick it up as one unit to move it to a different locaiton , it comes apart . It should also have ramps that come down from each floor , rather than having to use the elevator to get down to the first level ramp.I highly recommend this toy and am pleased with my purchase .
 This was a gift and I was pleased with the product . Just what I wanted !
 I bought these for my sons birthday party grab bags . I have never seen him so ecited . They were exactly what I needed !
 I have many Mega Bloks dragons . This is one of my favorite dragons in my collection . It roars when you push the crystal button on his armor . I like the armor on his chin . It can be removed . It comes with a mini tower that includes a torch , flag and an Odaku warrior that has a shield and an ax . The shield and ax can be removed . I hope that this helps you to make a decision about buying Stendahl .
 I just thought I would at least mention Thoron , even though this is n't his review . Both dragons are almost the same . Anyhow , back to Stendhal . Stendhal is an amazing specimen of a dragon toy . He roars with just one push of the stone set into the armor on his chest , his wings can be removed with no trouble at all and are completely posable just like his tail , he has some sort of jaw armor that can be removed at anytime , but stays on as if it were welded to his jaw , and lastly , the articulation of his arms are fabulous-his wrists go in a complete 360 motion -LRB- except for his left arm which is slightly inhibited by his wrist armor -RRB- and his hands bend at the wrist joint . His upper limbs also bend at elbow and shoulder joints , which , using the shoulder joints , the arms can be pulled away from the body . My only two complaints are that Stendhal 's jaw keeps falling off whenever I make him battle too violently or if I put too much pressure on it sideways while I turn his head , and that if you bend his tail too far to one side very close to the base of the tail , it will threaten to come off . Other than that , Stendhal is a great dragon to own and I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
 This Amazon review prompts me to rate this `` toy '' however this is not a toy to be played with , this is for HO model train layout details . This product adds great detail around my model train station .
 This card game is fairly easy to pick up , but without a manual from a starter deck you would n't be able to figure out how to play . One box can get you at least half of all the cards in the game since it was canceled a short while after this was brought over from Japan . The cards are not too durable , but the amount of thought put into each game makes up for this in amusement . This game can be seen as a cross between Yu Gi Oh and pokemon cards since you have `` trainers '' and their `` followers '' . Before buying this , I recommend a starter deck just to see if you like it and to learn how to play . Also , if your a fan of the television series than you might enjoy this card game more or less depending on the circumstances .
 This is an ingenious part that all HO collectors should have . It is a working gate , but it 's not electrical . The gates close on a pressure sensitive switch It 's great for all ages .
 In case you 're wondering , this crossing 's lights are not operational , and there are no sounds of any kind . It simply connects with other E-Z Track rails , and off you go . The gates are lowered when the train passes through and pushes down on the panel between the rails . The system is entirely mechanical , and quite delicate - not for small kids . It does n't work very well with light trains - engines can actually lose contact with the rails and stop -LRB- usually only a problem when going slow -RRB- , while light cars can get quite easily derailed -LRB- esp . if they 're last -RRB- . I would not recommend it for unattended operation , unless you weigh down all the cars . Also , it works better on a smooth surface rather than carpet -LRB- slide a sheet of construction paper underneath -RRB- . Overall , a nice , fun addition to any set . My crossing came in green , not yellow .
 I love this product . I 've read the negative comments , but I do n't see what the deal is . I 've owned this product for 5 minutes & already I 'm playing with it . It 's a lovely addition to my collection which I 've recently started . It works best if you run the train at the highest rate of speed . The gates do n't work as well if the train is slow . Overall , it 's a great , fun , exciting & entertaining product . It 's extremly easy to assemble . For the most part this does come in one piece except for 4 small pieces which are nothing to put on . It would be nice if this made a warning sound for when the train approaches , in the process of crossing & for when it has cleared crossing . However besides that , it 's still an awesome item to play with .
 An excelent complement for my boy 's track , the only complain is the car weight is light the barriers wont rise much .
 This is the favorite part of my grandson 's train set . Moving parts are very delicate though . Bought this item to go with the Bachmann Santa Fe HO train with E-Z tract . Only wish someone would have told me that I needed to purchase two straight pieces of E-Z track to attach to the set . My grandson could n't use it until I bought those pieces . According to a 7 year old , `` It 's the best part of the track ! '' Thumbs up !
 Good price and on time delivery - The crossing works well after it is properly adjusted -LRB- the arms operate by the weight of the cars passing over -RRB- The `` X '' of the crossing fits into a small hole in the base and come loose easily . A drop of super glue fixed that , and they have been a fun addition to the train set .
 We are building from a basic track . This is a great addition . Strongly recommend this item . Great for my kids to get excited about .
 Somehow I thought this was powered by the rails , but it 's not.It is `` gravity '' powered by the weight of the train . Lighter cars cause the gates to bounce back up . Also , the lights are only decoration and do n't blink.It 's a nice unit , and it was fun to have around the christmas tree , but I should have looked closely at what I was getting and set my expectations accordingly.The piece is the standard length , so I just had to get another straight piece for the opposite side of the track -LRB- not included -RRB- , and it was easy to assemble onto my existing train set.It works as advertised , the gates close when the train is passing .
 This was sold out everywhere when it was first released several years ago . Nice to find it at a good price online .
 This crossing ca n't be used on a curve ; however , I was able to get use from it on my layout . It is very basic with a low price . You might consider Bachmann 's actuated RR Xing if your crossing is on a straight section of track . I used one on an N Scale layout and it worked beautifully .
 one of the most realistic crossing gate available good scale it fits in right where i had planned it to go only one litte bug light standers have to be glued in
 this piece really goes and fits well with our train looks amazing now that I have completed our christmas village for 2012 . would recomend this item to anyone who has a train layout or working on building a train set layout
 Son is train crazy ! He really likes these with his Amtrack set we also bought through Amazon ! He uses it with his toy cars and unfortunately , there have been some train derailments in our house due to bad drivers but he always has an ambulance ready to help as well as police : -RRB-
 This is a nice product and it looks great on my HO model train layout . I give it 4 stars because I do n't think the paint job is as nice as those I have seen with other brands like Woodland Science which you can also buy from Amazon . After reading several review posts for these types of products , the same negative theme that I see is that many consumers are buying these items as `` toys '' since Amazon markets these products as `` toys '' which I believe is misleading and causes much disapointment for buyers and may cause negative product reviews for these items not knowing what there intent is . The same theme that I see is that consumers are mad or upset because they are small , or you need a magnifying glass to look at them or they are not big enough to be played with . One review complained that the product does not state the size . However when you see the size scale of `` HO '' -LRB- which is stated -RRB- this is an indicater that the product is for `` HO '' scale model train layouts and that these products are made and designed for details for model electric train railroads where these HO scale figures , vehicles and buildings are used to match the size of a HO scale electric train . I think if Amazon were to try to market these items as HO scale scenery details for those in the HO model train hobby or any other hobby related to using these figures for their detail work , it may avoid many disapointed customers who purchase these items who think they are purchasing `` toys '' for their kids .
 This is a nice and well painted product and it looks great on my HO model train layout but I give it 4 stars since the paint job is not the best compared to other figures I have purchased from companies like Woodland Science also available on Amazon . After reading several review posts for these types of products , the same negative theme that I see is that many consumers are buying these items as `` toys '' since Amazon markets these products as `` toys '' which I believe is misleading and causes much disapointment for buyers and may cause negative product reviews for these items not knowing what there intent is . The same theme that I see is that consumers are mad or upset because they are small , or you need a magnifying glass to look at them or they are not big enough to be played with . One review complained that the product does not state the size . However when you see the size scale of `` HO '' -LRB- which is stated -RRB- this is an indicater that the product is for `` HO '' scale model train layouts and that these products are made and designed for details for model electric train railroads where these HO scale figures , vehicles and buildings are used to match the size of a HO scale electric train . I think if Amazon were to try to market these items as HO scale scenery details for those in the HO model train hobby or any other hobby related to using these figures for their detail work , it may avoid many disapointed customers who purchase these items who think they are purchasing `` toys '' for their kids .
 We own all the mag warriors and my five-year-old thinks they 're a blast . You can interchange their body parts , each of which have an attack/defense rating , allowing room for alot of creative play . The downside is that two of the weapons broke almost immediately , Paladar 's and Drachnid 's . But they are still so much fun that my son does n't really care .
 These tools made by MIP are the best hex drivers available . I used these for 20 years on my RC cars and have purchased some to be used in our manufacturing area because of their quality . If you are looking for a hex driver purchase the MIP/Thorp ones and it will be the last ones you buy because they last forever .
 I bought this because my 35 year old Sullivan Starter finally died . I could probably fix it , but the old Sullivan also did not have enough torque to start my twin cylinder engine - this new one is outstanding , and easily spins the twin , and it got a lot of use the first day breaking in the Saito I had on the bench .
 General Store was new and bargain priced ! Husband loved the detailing on this building .
 These were perfect for my waterless snow globes . It was hard for me to picture the scale - they revere a little smaller than I first pictured - I thought that they would be a little big , but I was wrong . Where they are all different sizes its hard , but they were perfect and everyone loved their snow globes .
 These little guys are so cute ! I love them ! I am going to use them to top my husband 's birthday cupcakes for decoration !
 The open sided platform is difficult to build . Very hard to get the roof supports to stay erect without leaning .
 I purchased this toy as a Christmas gift for my nephew . He loved it . I have heard no complaints from his parents .
 This is an outstandting toy to play with . The sounds and lights are just spectacular and there is n't a better feeling in the world than to have the ultimate weapon of a Dark Jedi in your fingertips . This toy is wonderful for just hoarsing around , but do follow the instructions not to jab people with it . If you get too vigorous in your dueling , the blades may bend a bit . Overall an excellent toy !
 My brother and I love sword fighting each other , but we usually fight with sticks that break after 10 seconds , give or take . So I bought this double-bladed light saber and my brother bought the Qui-Gon Jinn light saber and we 've been having a blast ! The plastic on this toy is unbelievably durable , so you can hit the other light saber as hard as you want and it 'll last . There is one fixable flaw , however . This has been stated many times , but I have a solution . The on/off button that controls the strobe lights and sound is right in the middle of the handle and can easily be pushed off when fighting . To fix this , I simply looped a string twice around the underside of the on/off and reset buttons and taped down the excess string . It takes more force to push down the button this way , but when your fighting there wo n't be enough force on the button -LRB- s -RRB- to push them off . I gave this toy an educational rating of 2 stars because it is educational in the art of sword fighting , but we do n't exactly use this knowledge in everyday life , unless of course you are a jedi ;--RRB- .
 This is truly an amazing toy . Being a Star Wars collector , I do n't usually play with my toys -LRB- mostly they are for display -RRB- but I just ca n't help myself . In no time , you may be mimicking Maul 's moves in front of a full length mirror , which is exactly what I did!I was led to believe that the blades will extend at the press of a button . However , the sword was engineered to extend when you flick the handle . No big deal but I thought I would be cooler if they extend by the pressing the button . Instead , when you press the on/off button , you get the charge up and charge down sound.The blades do not contract fully . Further , the workmanship on the handle is not that good -LRB- molding lines are clearly visible -RRB- . So , if you intend to use it as a display piece , you 'll be slightly dissappointed.The best thing about the sword is that it lights up upon contact and makes the cracking sound -LRB- like in the movies -RRB- . Back in the early 80 's I used to have a lightsaber . The blade was hollow . When you swing it , air will flow though the blade and this generates the humming sound . So the harder/faster you swing the sword , the louder the hum.Not so with this new lightsaber though . The hum is constant and how you swing the sword will not affect the sound intensity . A minor negative point.At this price , you definitely ca n't lose . Despite the above complaints -LRB- which prevented it from getting the full 5 fun stars -RRB- this is a toy that every Star wars fan should have . The obvious plus point is the contact sounds.So collectors , take it out of the box and have some fun ! It 's time to kick some Jedi butts !
 I 've bought several `` light sabers '' for my son over the years . This one is much more durable than any of the others . The others broke often or part of the saber kept falling off . Cheap plastic.Well , this one is still plastic , but thicker . Sound effects , but no light until one of the `` two beams '' from either end of the light saber hits something , like another saber . Then it lights up and the sounds change to combat.My son could not be happier . He 's had it for several months now and it still works beautifully .
 After Vader 's and Luke 's lightsabers , I was eagerly awaiting Maul 's and Obi-Wan 's . Well , they went and made Maul 's alright , which is this review , but made Qui-Gon 's instead ? Another green saber ?! Jeez!Anyway , Maul 's double bladed saber is slightly different from the previous sabers in that it does n't have the same battle clash noises or light up like the others , which really irked me . Otherwise it looks great on my wall with the others ! .
 The Star Wars Episode I Darth Maul Electronic double bladed lightsaber is a hit with my twelve year old and with us , his parents.This item was on his birthday wish list and I had no trouble saying `` yes '' as the price was fabulous -- ... . It was shipped right away.What you first notice is the lightsaber 's size -- it 's over five feet and has double red blades , each measuring about 21 inches . When you turn it on to start battling , there 's a cool sound that signals you 're ready to battle . Once you hit your target the light sabers flash and the lightsaber seems to growl.This lightsaber is my son 's first choice when he 's battling with his friends . It uses two `` C '' batteries which seem to last a long time.Thumbs up from the parents . Cool toy . Cool price .
 this toy was great I have to say that this is one of a kind and is a great one to own if you are a star wars fan the only thing that I do think they should have done while making this was make it light up but the flashing strobes are coolthe durability is good if you dont hit it to hard but It will break if you hit to hard the educational value on this is none because I maean how educational can a toy lightsaber be ? and the fun of this toy is great if you have a good imagination you will have hours of fun with this toy .
 As soon as my granddaughter got it she was so happy . My son and daughter said they were so pleased with its looks , sound , light and how well it was made . So I just had to order another one.You know its hard to just stop at just one . And with the new movie coming out , we are one step ahead . I thought that the price was so low that maybe it would n't be made so well.Boy ! was I wrong . Thanks !
 This toy is cool . it is easy to break stuff though , and to get it broke -LRB- espescially in the middle -RRB- . it 's too easy to turn off in battle , because the buttons wre in the middle.don ' t get it wet . Ive gone through 2 lightsabers . The blades are good . Sounds are Awsome . I always fight in the dark . Cool toy ! Anyway , good for kicken ' jedi tusshy , and thats what i goota do now .
 This is the bessssssssstttttttttttttt ever toy i have everplayed with it is grrrrrrrreeeeeaaat I never had a better toy I couldnever find it any were so I had to pay -LSB- extra -RSB- for it . Take my advise even if it 's made out of plastic it feels like the real thing . I like how it light up it amazing buy it . It 's a great deal . END
 I love all kinds of lightsabers , especially the double-bladed one . I could n't wait to buy the new one with the battery-guard ! But frankly , I was n't too impressed with what I got . The blades are way too short , and another REALLY annoying thing is the little buttons on it . You 'd think if you had a double-bladed lightsaber , you should be able to spin it around like Maul does ... not with those buttons constantly getting pressed . I finally just took them out . It 's fairly durable though , but I would hesitate to recommend it .
 I must say that the detail on this saber is amazing . however , there are quite a few problems , being the blades being good , but not excellent in terms of resistance . Other one is that there are two functional buttons , one that toggles on/off and other that only turns the toy off , and both are in the way of the hands , so the saber turns off very often . Mine has broke in the middle of the handle , and I think that it was a plastic problem , but in all , it is a great toy . I am looking forward to buying a new one to replace mine .
 This toy is da bomb man you got to get this it is cool how it has a clip to hang on your belt and how when you press the button to lock it does n't come out get it now !!!!!!!!!
 These lightsabers are of much higher quality than the ugly , fat , short , cheap , flimsy , and unusable versions I have seen . I admired my lightsaber for its strength , sleekness , and simple dignity and functionality . Its appearance suggested it to be a tool of speed and precision . Unfortunately , several design flaws were quick to point themselves out . First , the on/off switch that activates the device is a sensitive push-button in the middle that is too easy to toggle on and off when one is spinning the lightsaber defensively . Also , while the flashes that are produced whenever one of the blades strikes an object is impressive , I prefer the constant glow that indicates where the blade is in the dark , which is where the lightsaber must be used to observe the full effect of the flashes . This glow is absent in this model of lightsaber . These problems are easily remedied by removing the batteries and using the lightsaber as usual . I no longer have my intact lightsaber , because life imitated art and it broke in half . I recognized however , that I could use it now as two single-bladed lightsabers and just buy another , as I am eagerly waiting to do . I recommend this toy to any Star Wars fan or quarterstaff and broadsword enthusiast looking for a cool toy .
 This is a great lightsaber but just a few exeptions , first off when your doing some tricks and the lightsaber 's `` Ignite '' button usually hits your fingers and it turns it off.Second the length of the blades for WAY too short and that makes it unreal but other than that its a great toy and fun to play with .
 This toy is da bomb ! If you get the Anakin Skywalker lightsaber , you can fight other people or friends . This toy will keep you busy for hours .
 This is it , Darth Maul 's lightsaber . A great lightsaber . Like all the Episode I lightsabers , it is very durable . Another nice thing is the stobe light that flash on contact like in the movies . The downside to this is that it does n't light up , just when it is hit . It has a cool energy hum sound and a cool noise for when it is hit . One thing that is very annoying is that that the button that turns it on is very easy to turn so when it is being used in the heat of battle , it is very easy to turn it off . One thing that would have made this lightsaber better is if it was longer . In The Phantom Menace , Darth Maul 's lightsaber is as long as Obi Wan 's and Qui Gon 's put together , not so with the toy . But this toy is definitely worth gatting . I love it so much that it is always in my hand and I am consatnly playing with it . ... whoever does n't get will surely feel sorry for not doing so .
 When this lightsaber gets into your hands , you 'll be unstopable . This Darth Maul lightsaber is filled with action and all you have to do to start the action is push the on button . It makes a starting up sound kust like in the movie and then after that it hums ' also like it does in the movie Satr Wars . There 's even more fun when you hit it against something it akes a clashing niose . This is defently a most get item .
 I was always amazed at the way the jedi fought in the movie . If you think the force is with you , get this toy . Its probablly the closest thing to an original lightsaber . But this toy has one problem , which is that the ON/OFF button is on the handle and gets pressed quite often when fighting . This toy is pretty durable , in my opinion , because while fighting I have hit objects pretty hard by mistake a few times but the lightsaber stays intact . Overall , this is a fun toy to play with and if you practice , you might fight like the jedi !
 I have one of these , the tips are very easy to break when swinging at high speed / hardly . Other then that factor , the stobe lights on contact of another object adds a lot to the toy .
 This thing is amazingly fun !!! get this you will not be dissapointed -LRB- exept for the durability part -RRB- . me and my friends -LRB- 20 of em -RRB- had a tournament , 3 WHOLE hours and it was a blast !! but if you are clashing blades ... its broken it will just snap in 2 .
 My kids love these . I 'm not sure why the company name changed or what . But they are just like the Tomy brand that we bought . The kids did want to get the new track though even though we had tons of the blue tracks . My children have take along , wooden thomas & trackmaster and by far they love the trackmaster the best because they are battery powered . We do go through battries but the kids love it . This was one of the best buys we made .
 This model is a very cute church replica . One part was missing so I called the customer service number for the manufactuer . A very kind person said that he would ship it to me . The part came as promised , but he sent the wrong numbered part . Guess I will do without the missing part , since it is only a window for the back of the building . Unfortunately , the porch roof parts are made of white plastic , and they need to be painted gray to match the rest of the roof . On the plus side , the parts are very small but they fit together fairly well . It will be a nice addition to our train set .
 Easy to follow instructions and easy to build model create a fine addition to any layout .
 this item is great , very detailed . i suggest you paint the inside with a dark color . I lit the church to bring out the stain glass windows and light shines through plastic . used a dark color inside ... very nice ...
 This tank was part of a Christmas village adventure for my grandchildren . I was surprised at the good sound from it . If there is a downside , the wiring for the activation button is fragile , so you need to tape the switch down to keep little hands from breaking it .
 My boys are 3 and 6 , and both will play with this toy for hours -LRB- alone and with their friends -RRB- . We dump the pieces out on the living room floor and my husband and I have to make the boys put it away ! The gears are really brightly colored but the motorized remote control piece is what really captivates the kids . I am looking forward to purchasing more gears to go with this set so we can make some really complex creations , and also have two remotes . The only complaint I have with this toy is the sticker sheet that comes with the set -- the stickers have not been stamped out of the sheet , so you literally have to cut them out with scissors , and then cut a hole in each one so you can attach gears without the sticker in the way . This is a real pain . It would have been so easy to fix . Otherwise , a great invention !
 My 5 year old has the starter set and I bought him this one for extra pieces , plus some fun one like the eyes and hands . He absolutely loves them , but the real improvement over the starter set was the motor . When hand turning his creations before , the gear would often `` hop '' off the base because of his uneven turning , which was very frustrating . This problem has been completely eliminated by the motor . The motor is pretty strong and can power rather large creations . My son never tried to follow the instructions , but just builds his own things and really loves this toy .
 We bought this for our grandson -- age 4 , for Christmas . Difficult for a 4 yr old to put together . It kept falling apart even when his mom built it . Also , just crawled along , then tipped over & fell apart . Over & over again.Edit -- 2 wks later -- He is having much more fun with this now . The parts ca n't be put together very high , or they will fall apart -LRB- one of the recommended designs was what the original review was based on -RRB- If he is happy with it -- that 's what counts ! Increasing to 4 stars overall .
 My 7-year old son spends hours playing with this set . Sometimes he follows the instructions but mostly he does his own designs . He loves to walk along with the remote and steer his contraptions . The first set he got stopped working due to a wire coming loose so his grandmother got him another one . I guess they could be built a little better .
 It 's Oogly Googly ! C'mon ! It 's the best child toy on the market . If I 'd had this toy as a child I would never have left the basement.We purchased this for our three-year old boy for Christmas . He loves it , especially when you can get him away from just playing with the controller . I had purchased this toy for my seven-year old when he was young and he played with it so much.Honestly , I do n't think you can go wrong with this toy .
 We already had one box of Gears but adding this set was great as our six year old is into building moving robots.He plays with all the pieces for ages , each time making a new masterpiece.They are fun for us adults to watch as they lumber across the room .
 good product great scale realistic sound it is a product I would not hesitate to buy again no problem what so ever your buyer hit this one out of the park
 These tools made by MIP are the best hex drivers available . I used these for 20 years on my RC cars and have purchased some to be used in our manufacturing area because of their quality . If you are looking for a hex driver purchase the MIP/Thorp ones and it will be the last ones you buy because they last forever .
 My child was required to learn all the capitals for school . He was struggling with several states . I purchased this card game and what had been agony became a fun competition.We played after dinner every night and it became a great contest to see who was better.We did end up with several bent and worn cards , but his A on the test was well worth some bent cards . A fun way to learn !
 The Bleach TCG starter pack is a great buy for those who are interested in starting a collection . It comes with 75 cards and two booster packs . It has all the basic cards covered as well as a few rare ones . All in all , it is a great way to kick start a collection .
 For the money . It 's not a lot of toy , but if your child is into this type of stuff . Got to have it !!!!!!
 We bought this along with the Gears Set . My sons loves it . He has the Gears set in his classroom at preschool , but without the motor accessory . It makes it so much more fun to play with !
 Great chair and sturdy , kids will love it for along time.Amazon was quick and easy to order . Quick delivery came sooner than expected.Race Car Rocker
 I picked this up on sale at Christmas time for $ 5-I figured my daughter would love to color her own stickers and anything else in there was a bonus.As other reviews said this is n't a super high quality set-we ditched the crayons and markers and used our own Crayolas.However it was a lot of fun-much more so than I expected-the kiddo enjoyed the coloring pages , the activity books , the stickers , and especially the cut out calendars-she had a blast with them.It the quality was better it would be 5 stars across the boards .
 So much fun and better than watching TV . You 're able to use your imagination !
 The clone Trooper 3 pack a very fun toy . I was able to recreate many battles that occured in the movies . They are very durrable and will last for a long time . The only down side of the clones were that , unlike the clones that are individually packed , they did not have as many points of articulation and are always stuck in the same positions . Since the clones are stuck in the same postion they are hard to store in the Star Wars action Figure carring cases and sometimes ar n't able to pose correctly in battle . Overall the clone trooper 3 pack is a good toy but in the future I hope that the multi packs will have the same features as the figures that are sold individually .
 This is a pretty decent rendition of the Clone Trooper , but I would advise customers to check out the new 2010 version atStar Wars 2010 Vintage Collection Action Figure Clone Trooper . It 's more detailed and has even more articulation .
 My son is 20 months and loves trains . He was taking all his trucks and putting them in a line and moving them as a group saying , `` choo choo ! '' I decided to get him this thomas train because it has 2 cars , and he has been enamored with it from the first second he saw it . He still lines up his trucks -LRB- and crackers and chunks of cheese for that matter -RRB- to make his own trains , but this one is still a hit after a month or two.It 's the first toy he learned how to pull behind him with a string . And when the string is pulled or held taught it either makes a pleasant Thomas the Train song or goes `` chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga CHOO CHOO ! '' depending on what you select with the switch under the train . Or , you can turn it off . My son also likes to take the end of the string and put in in the top of the smoke stack which takes a little more motor-skill than many of this other toys.The other reason I chose this train is that the engine and cars `` hitch '' together manually rather than with magnets . I thought that would be better because he would learn how to hitch things . However , the way they attach is not sufficient enough for him to move it or pick it up without everything falling apart . It was very frustrating for my little guy . I have actually duct taped the joints with thin strips of tape so they still rotate but do n't fall apart . My son does n't notice the tape and is MUCH happier . Overall I recommend this train and have never regretted choosing this one over the many other options .
 It is a well put together model that its in great with my layout . All it needs is a litte weathering and it will be perfect .
 This is the best of the Adrenaline series.It is so much fun plus a good addition to my collection .
 This game arrived 2 days early . I use to play this game years ago on New Years Eve with my family , we use to play until midnight ! It was a great game that lots of people can participate in . We used pennies , everyone use to save their pennies all year just to come play the game .
 bought this for aunt she is 80 she like it to play at the rest home with others easy to use
 Quickly shipped , received it fast , fun game to play , my family loves this game even my 9 year old can play it if anyone wants to play a fun game tripoley is the way to go .
 We play Tripoly at least once or twice a month and purchased 4 of these units which hold up nicely ! Great investment and a fun easy game for social evening among couples !
 This is a great game and excellent quality . We play it with three generations and it 's simple to learn and a lot of good , old-fashion fun
 I bought this game for my 83 year old mother-in-law . She and her friends play it at least once a week . She had insisted that when they tried to find one in the store , no one had heard of Tripoley and she could n't find anywhere . It was easy to find on Amazon and she was absolutely thrilled . The game is good quality and timeless in the fun it brings . The large print cards are good for all players . I do n't want to imply this game is only for older players , but that it can also be good for inter-generational fun .
 We love the game of Tripoley and so does our 4-year-old granddaughter . The only complaint we have with this game versus much older versions is that you ca n't fit very many chips in the holders.We all know how the pots for the King & Queen ; and the 8,9 , & 10 often build to large amounts . Due to the limited number of chips and small holders , we are constantly borrowing from those two pots . However , we love the game and would still recommend buying it .
 We love playing Michigan rummy on an old set that is kept at the beach house - been there for 30 years - but it was hard to find another new version of the game . Tripoley is a good substitute . Fun and easy to play for the whole family !
 I have loved this game for years , my parents have the old version with the plastic mat that lays out on the table . We played this New Year 's Eve with our neighbors and they enjoyed it too .
 I was not introduced to this game until adulthood . It 's been around many years , I understand . It is great fun , involving buying the extra hand , playing one hand of poker with your 10 cards , then playng the rest of the card game . There is n't a whole lot of strategy involved , but the betting makes it fun and lively . I recommend this for card groups -LRB- or kids -RRB- who want more laughs than serious cards . We play with pennies , as there are a lot of coins changing hands .
 I used to play this game years ago with my parents . I bought this game for Thanksgiving family get together and it was just as fun now .
 this is a game i played as a kid with family members that are no longer with me . its great to share it with my kids and keep the memories and traditions alive !
 This is a fun game , actually its three games in one . We enjoy gettingtogether with other couples for game night , especially during the winter whenits cold outside and cozy inside . Everyone enjoyed it and so I 'm happy Idecided to purchase it.The tray is easy to take apart and put back in the box when you are done.This is a combination of hearts , poker and Michigan Rummy but you can also justplay one game if you chose . You get the tray , chips and cards are all included.Enjoy !
 The game is great . The cards and chips they include with it are awful . I do n't know why they skimp on the essential `` tools '' to play . The cards are thin cardboard w/o a coating and the chips are so thin that people constantly use two when they mean to use one . The game tray is excellent . The game itself is alot of fun .
 I was pleased to find this on Amazon . It is fun to play . I do n't think I will tire of this game .
 Bought this for our two grown sons after playing it at our house on `` game night '' with the whole family . They both were poking fun at us for still having a game from the `` 70 's . '' They both loved it and I ordered it for their birthdays . The whole family played from 7 to 60 + !! It is a fun game that you can `` end '' whenever you want to ! Highly recommend .
 Tripoly has obviously been around forever -LRB- thus the 75th Anniversary Game -RRB- and I think the reason it has lasted is that it has multiple ways to play -LRB- from simple to more complex -RRB- , can include a little lighthearted gambling -LRB- making for fun competition -RRB- and can be enjoyed by a large age group.As a kid , I remember playing this with my parents and everyone of every age enjoyed it . It is just the same now that I am the Mom ! I have kids ranging from 11 to 20 and adults that enjoy playing it too ... from Mom to Grandma ... so it still holds up as a good old-fashioned family card game.Our family loves board games and card games too and this fits in perfectly . I consider most games educational in some way , especially if they involve counting and/or strategy and this includes both . If you have ever loved playing Rummy or simple Poker and other traditional card games I think you will enjoy this extra twist !
 My parents use to play this game in the 60 's . It 's fast and fun .
 Tripoley ... where to start . You begin by dealing the cards evenly to all players , and there are variations which may include you dealing an extra hand . The first game you play is Hearts . If you have either the 10 , Jack , Queen , King , or Ace of Hearts , or a mix , then you take all the chips out of those certain dishes ; there is a special dish for players who hold both the King and Queen of Hearts , so you would receive the Queen dish , King dish , and the Both K and Q dish . Obviously this will build up in chip value over time with more players as it is harder to get both of these cards in the same hand . Also , during the game of Hearts , if you have an 8 , 9 , and a 10 all of the same suit in your hand then you receive the chips in that dish . This , as well , will build up over time.Then you play Poker . You simply take five cards out of however many you have which make up your best Poker hand . If you are n't familiar with Poker , just look at the instructions for what are Poker hands and what are worth more . Start bidding with the dealer and all bets go in the `` Pot '' . The winner , after betting stops , will get all the chips in the Pot.The last game played is Michigan Rummy , where the dealer lays down his lowest card out of his entire hand . Then the person with the next highest card in the same suit puts down that card , until the Ace of that suit is played or the Stop Card , which is the last highest card played , is played . Whoever put the Stop Card down will then change suits by placing the lowest card in his hand from another suit down . This keeps going until the first person gets rid of all their cards and they claim all the chips in the `` Kitty '' section.This game is very , very fun and they also list some variations to the game which make it even more interesting and fun . I gave the fun five stars because I have yet to have a boring game of Tripoley ; the fun is endless . Five stars for educational purpose because you get to learn how to play three types of card games , and you learn to be strategic , whether it 's betting or choosing the ` right ' lowest card in Michigan Rummy -LRB- if you have two 3 's , then stragety comes into play because you need to examine your hand carefully and see what suit will do better for you -RRB- . This game is very durable ; I 've dropped several heavy things on this by accident and it is still in perfect condition.Overall , this is a wonderful game for anyone .
 As a grandma , I love this game . It keeps my mind working & it is a game I can play with my grand children & have fun , no matter what their ages ! We spend lots of quality time together with Tripoly . .
 Tripoley goes way back in my family . We even had a hand-made Tripoley board , so surely the Tripoley Special Edition is a step up . Since it 's three different games in one , it moves much faster than most card games . Even your non-card-playing teenager wo n't get bored . It 's a good way to introduce lots of card game concepts , too , for younger players . And is n't it always fun to win poker chips !?
 Tripoley Special Edition , on its swivel base , is very easy to access by all players at the table . The pockets are most convenient to hold your bets -LRB- coins or chips -RRB- and the board is both easily read and durable . Great fun for up to 8 players . I use it often as a party game for an evening of fun and would recommend it for young -LRB- with chips -RRB- and old -LRB- with pennies or nickels -RRB- . A great way to spend an evening with friends .
 Tripoley is a really fun game . An entire deck of cards is dealt to the players . An extra hand is dealt to the table to either be swapped by the dealer or another player if they have no pay cards in their hand . The dealer gets the hand for free if they want it . Others have to pay.The rest of the rules are easy to follow . This is a game that people of all ages can enjoy . It is hilarious when people have pay cards -LRB- 10 , Jack , Queen , King , and Ace of hearts -RRB- and another person ends the game before the pay card holder can lay them down.Poker is also part of the game , and as long as the money is just chips or pennies it does n't get too serious and fun is had by all.Every Tripoley game we have owned has been well constructed and never wore out . Well , the cards wear out , but we expect that.If your looking for a good game to play when visitors come over , this is it!See ya next review .
 Nice construction with a turntable . Great fun for an evening with friends or family . We use pennies so no one goes home broke or angry .
 Purchaed this game after playing with friends . A rotating game base really moved the game along ! This Cadaco Tripoley Diamond Edition claims to have a rotating base , BUT IT DOES NOT !
 it was a good choice ... maybe there are so many models ... but Tripoley its Tripoley ! ! !
 Tripoley game is a lot of fun for family/friend get togethers . Combines three different card games and can be a blast .
 This game is so much fun to play because you play 3 different games each hand ! There are 3 phases to the game which makes it more challenging . Phase 1 is collecting chips for certain hearts that are in your hand . If you want to learn the ranking of poker hands , Phase 2 will teach you this because you lay down your best 5 cards . The best hand wins the chips in the pot . Phase 3 uses all the cards you were dealt and play rummy . The winner of this phase wins the chips in the kitty . There are chips provided . This game will give your family hours and hours of fun . My teens loved it . I would highly recommend buying this game .
 I remembered playing this game as a kid and was thrilled when I came across it online . The game looks great . I only wish I could remember how to play it because the directions absolutely suck . I 've had the game out twice so far and neither group has been able to play it because nobody can agree on what the rules are supposed to be . Eventually I 'll take the time to go back online and find a source for the instructions . Once I find them , I 'm sure I 'll enjoy playing the game ... did I mention that the directions that came with the game suck ??!!
 This is a game , not a toy , for people over fourteen . It is a great game to spend a good night with at least two other couples with a few drinks and munches , and the best is play for pennys and not use the chips that come with the game!you will have a good night and worset is you will a total of two dollers in pennys !!!!!! ENJOY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My Domo came very fast and in one piece . The fabric is soft and has the correct Domo color . However on the red mouth area there was dried glue . I do n't think it 's for every Domo they ship out but the fact I got a slightly rushed Domo means that there is a change you could get a Domo that has a flaw . However overall it is very cute .
 It was exactly what it is described to be . I bought it as a gift for my fiance , and she thought it was absolutely adorable .
 the doll waas really kool ... i gave it to my friend as a gift and she really loved it ... it was really cute ...
 trust me , you wont be dissapointed . this domo is very large , he 's actually like a small pillow ! i wasnt expecting it to be so big or consist of a good quality , but it is perfect ! this domo is very soft and plush like , and even has little firm pieces in his foot bottoms to help stand him up ! he is very adorable and the price is very very good !
 I love him ! He 's the perfect size to cuddle with and just all around fun ! He looks just like the picture and is the best domo doll ever !
 Got pink one too this one is bigger than pink one , just as nice . Very durable , wont start falling apart after playing or hugging a few times . Was going to give for Christmas , but couldnt wait . Sister want it when she saw it on window on a store . So gave to her early and she loves it . It will make anyone happy . Recommend anyone buy it wont be disappointed .
 Domo-kun arrived in perfect condition and earlier than expected , according to amazon.com 's estimate . He was the perfect gift for a Domo-kun fan !
 When I first received one of these dolls , I thought it looked small compared to the one in the picture ; so I measured it and it turned out to be 9.5 inches . Thus I contacted the seller saying it was 9.5 '' and not 12 '' and got another one , but the replacement was the same size ! It was almost a month already since I first paid for it , so I did n't wait for the seller the fix the problem.Other than the smaller size , this doll is completely adorable ! It 's darker than the one in the picture but is so cute and huggable -LRB- and it has pads at the bottom of its feet to help it stand -RRB- that I almost thought about getting my friend another present for her birthday . Definitely a must-have .
 I place Domo Kun on my dash board at various car shows I go to . He gets lots of looks he 's mascot for a small club thats statring , I ca n't wait for his videos to hit the US shores
 domo is great ! he was a good size and i love seeing him on my couch when i get home : -RRB-
 A guy won a Domo at an amusement park we were at and I stole it from him . He gamely let me keep it but I felt kinda bad . So I went in search for one for him . This was exactly like the one I have and I love it . It 's durable and it 's DOMO ! The size is great and the materials are good .
 Wean I was in japan back in 07 with my girlfriend we saw domo kun on tv and ever since then she wanted one but we did not have time to go out and get one in japan since we saw it on the last day we where there so wean I saw it on hear I just had to get it she loves it and she 's happy with domo kun so what else can I ask for
 I bought this Domo a week ago and I love him ! He is so fluffy and wonderful . But he does n't look like the picture below he looks like a normal DOMO Kun and he is n't light colored like the one down below . He is fluffy and is totally worth the price ! He is about a right size for a plush that you want to hug ! :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 domo is awesome ! build quality is good , but he is / not / 12 '' , he 's 6 '' high and 11 '' with arms outstretched .
 I have n't had a stuffed animal in years . Then again , I 'm a dude over 40 . Still , everyone gets a chuckle when they see Mr. Domo sitting in the corner of the room . Especially the nerdier guests .
 I got this as a gift for someone who really wanted a Domo doll . There is nothing to this doll . It 's just a Domo . It 's sturdy and seems put together well , so I expect it would last , even for someone who is a little rougher on stuffed dolls . Shipping was quick and the price was awesome .
 My son picked this product and he loves it . He waited anxiously its arrival which took about three days , and finally when he had it in front of him was exactly what he expected .
 This is a Domo-Kun . It is a brown boxy monster that is fun to hold , but it does n't do much . It kinda just stares are you with it 's beady eyes and looks like it 's about to devour you ... but it wo n't ... because it 's a toy .
 well my brown monster is too cute . I did n't want to give him away as a prize for my party I was giving but I had to and my friends were all fighting over him . He is plush and soft and so very much worth the money I paid for him . Fast shipping and great item .
 Domo is very cute . this is a great plush doll.It seems to be made from good and durable material as well
 I bought this as a gift for my little brother , who started watching my DOMO DVD and loved it . It was a surprise , and when it came in and I gave it to him , he smiled so big . The toy is really soft and plushy . I was tempted to buy another for myself !
 This product is great fun . I use it with my Adapted Physical Education students on rainy days , now they always want to play . I 've used it in classrooms , at barbeques , the beach , ... it 's easy and FUN !!!! The convienent carry bag is a great asset !!
 bought this several years ago . it folds up and fits back into the bag easy . great price and its really held up over the years . People around here make and sell cornhole games for 100s of $ $ $ and they do n't fold up for easy storage . Glad i got this
 This game is so much fun . We use it for games at BBQ 's and family get-togethers . This is definately worth purchasing .
 I played this game on a recent cruise and loved it ! As soon as I got home I ordered it . When it arrived I was very displeased . One of the boards was broken on the end and both boards were missing the braces to hold them up .
 We loved this game . Unlike many of the Baggo games , this one is lighter and so much easier to transport - even taking it to the backyard . My brother has a Baggo game and you have to be a weightlifter to take it out of the garage.So many people wanted to play it , we 're getting another set .
 Nice piece of work . Needs almost no work to weather and look natural . I love it .
 This tower looks great on my layout . It came assembled so all I had to do was connect wires to the DC accessory contacts on my controller and voila ! The light is a nice deep red color and blinks off and on . Nice detail in the tower .
 this is a awesome little water tower , has an extremely bright flashing red light -LRB- almost a strobing effect!buy it !!
 Good news , everyone ! Bender is here , complete with a stogie , can of oil , and shiny metal posterior.Nothing educational here , but let 's face it
 Bender is really cool and makes a great desk toy ... the only problem was that his cigar was not in the package . He did have his beer can , but how can you expect him to drink beer without a cigar ?
 There are plenty of adults who love Futurama and Bender . This wind-up robot toy is a blast . I think it will last OK if it is used ocassionally , but have no idea how durable it is as a child 's toy .
 I bought this wind-up for my brother who is a huge Futurama fan . It looks great on his shelf . I would n't really recommend this as a toy though . I do n't see it being very durable .
 This Item is good for a collector . The hand crank was difficult to turn and felt like the key might break .
 Alas , this was a no-reason gift for my boy , with whom i discovered and enjoyed all the futurama i guess we 're gon na get , so he 's in Tucson , where it 's always some kind of warm - jeez , some robots have all the luck . maybe someday I 'll get my own Bender , but this particular one was well-received and has n't caused any trouble that i 've heard of , though somebody did drink all the homebrew in the closet just after finals ... no proof though . The bender is nicely made , and yep , got a shiny metal ass . Personally i do n't know how you 'd put a price on something so perfect , but i was happy to pay whatever it was i paid .
 This toy is very excellent . With a lot of educational value . It 's really shiny . With a cigar , wind-up , and beer bottle . The only thing else I would need is talking . Talking would make this a dream come true .
 This scene setter brightened up the walls for our annual Harvest Festival ! Great quality & I will buy this every year .
 Puts a fun spin on the game . A must for comic book fans who enjoy monopoly .
 This is a very good deflector , but i found some problems adjusting it to my ASP .91 4 stroke muffler . The heat produced in the muffler chamber is more than a 2 stroke -LRB- as far as a i felt -RRB- , and the compression generated blew away the deflector . I 'll try to do some trails in the muffler so it can grab more the deflector . Overall , i used this deflector in all my 2 stroke engines without any regret , i recommend this to anyone .
 This is a kit with directions and equipment for ten magic tricks . Some of the items are made of paper and seem a bit flimsy . I agree with the previous reviewer who said the stacking boxes needed some reshaping . However , overall , this is a great kit.My son worked hard practicing and practicing and showing off his magic tricks . We did one a day for a few days running . It taught him to work at practice and it helped him practice his speaking in public -LRB- since he performed for everyone ! -RRB- He was able to complete most of the magic tricks with little help after one demonstration . Lots of fun.Enjoy .
 A first Magic set for my 5 year old , he loves it !! He and his friends have created magic acts for each other and have laughed all the way . The tricks are easy enough for their age to try , and remember how to do . The directions come with pictures , so they can figure them out if the wording is too comlplicated . The set itself is durable enough fot most tricks to be done over and over . The blocks take some reshaping and the rabbit ring trick does not really fit right , but overall , a good first set . It definately was the hit of a rainy Sunday !!
 My son got this kit as a gift . The durability is as good as that of the next . It must be taken care of . It 's not a rough and tough item . We 've had many magic shows ... and it is still around 3 years later because it is put away in the box and up on the shelf when not being played with . It is magical fun for the little magicians and builds confidence too . In our house one adult helped `` learn '' the tricks while all others were in the audience at the big show .
 This is an easy to understand and simple to set-up magic kit for the first time magician . If your child is a reader , then they are capable of presenting most of the tricks independently . A plus ! My seven year old enjoys demonstrating his magic tricks for family . His four year old sister loves to watch , and if allowed , to be an assistant . A great buy !
 This is a nice first magic set . Most of the tricks work pretty well and are n't complicated to perform . I would recommend this set with 2 caveats :1 st - Despite its rating for ages 4 + , I would not recommend this to any child under the age of 6 . The materials are made of thin cardboard and are a tad delicate , and just the concept of `` performing a magic trick '' takes a bit of developmental maturity that would not be typical of any 4 year old that I know . My 7 year old loved this set and in my opinion , was of the correct age to handle this set autonomously .2 nd caveat - The makers are really `` pushing it '' by saying there are 10 tricks . I would say there are 8 tricks at best - unless you count `` blowing on your magic wand to make it roll '' a real trick . Plus they count making something disappear , and re-appear as 2 different tricks with the same magic drawer . It 's really just 1 trick . In sum , its a nice intro to magic - with 8 -LRB- not 10 -RRB- tricks , for 6 yrs and older .
 Other magic sets were all too difficult for my 8 year old son , so we tried this one mainly because it stated it was for `` beginners '' . My son loves it and is now working on mastering his technique and performance rather than spending time being frustrated because he can not do the tricks to begin with . I have to disagree with the others who felt some of the items were flemsy . I feel all the contents are built well enough and are easy to assemble and use . The instructions are easy to understand and the tricks are fun to watch .
 My grandson who is almost 5 loves his first magic set . He thinks it is a lot of fun and he and dad are learning new tricks
 My son will be 4 in two months . Lately , he has been asking me to teach him some magic tricks . So , I ordered this kit . It is brilliant ! I have had the best time playing with my son learning how to do the tricks . Of course , he has to perfect them but , oh my gosh ... we have got to get the video camera out !!!!!! He needs to follow directions -LRB- my directions -RRB- . He needs to explain his trick to his audience -LRB- worth a million dollars -RRB- . He needs to not mess up -LRB- this is the funny part because he messes the tricks up , here and there -RRB- . This set is DEFINITELY appropriate for the preschool age child . I highly , highly , highly recommend it !!!!!!!!!!!
 My son started getting into magic trick around 3 yrs old . We did n't buy him this kit until he turned 4 and he loves it . He loves to show his new trick abilities to friends who come buy and all of the family . He thinks it 's great and we have fun playing it with him . I only wish that some of the items were made of plastic vs. the cardboard that it is . I think it may get ripped easily . But we 'll just have to be careful with it .
 I purchased this for my 5 year old nephew and he loves it . Every time I visit he and his sister have a magic show for me . It took some guidance by his parents but now it provides a lot of family entertainment !
 My niece enjoyed this magic set . She was able to figure out a few of the tricks without anyones help . She is 5 years old . Her little sister even enjoyed figuring out new tricks to use the pieces for .
 Got this for my daughter and she had so much fun learning her magic tricks . We had so much fun WATCHING her . Oh - and any toy that does n't take batteries , that does n't make tons of noise , that uses lots of imagination , and that can involve brothers and sisters is a GREAT toy in my book . I 'm writing this review a couple of years later to report that we still have the kit -LRB- minus some pieces that got lost along the way -RRB- and it 's been used by my son , too . If we can keep the pieces , my other kids will be able to use it . The items are durable enough -LRB- the paper bag is n't but you can replace that with one from your own kitchen -RRB- I would recomment this to anyone who has a child with an interest in magic .
 Marshall Brodien 's magic sets are of much better quality than other similar sets . And they are also cheaper .
 While some of the stuff in this kit is a little chintzy , my son absolutely loved learning the tricks and showing them to everyone . It is one of the few things he still plays with months after the purchase . I would recommend this product to someone else if they asked .
 I got this for my daughter when she was five and it was a hit . Ever since , it has become my standard birthday gift for her friends . Most of the magic tricks are quite easy to learn . Also , this is a great price for a great toy ... other magic kits I had seen were far more expensive and not really for younger kids . I highly recommend it .
 This is a decent set for the starter . . Magic is fun and this is a good kit to peak the interest ...
 This is a great little starter set for anyone who wants to get started in Magic . This set has a variety of tricks to keep both you and your audience on their toe . Some of the tricks can be performed with just a little practice . But there are some that you need to work with for a while before you present them to your audience.This set includes
 I guess I forgot that in today 's society children tend to think of fighting instead of the wonders of magic.I bought this for my 5 year old grandson . The first thing he did was put on the hat and grab the wand and start charging with his sword ... eeks ... I had to remind him that Harry Potter would never use his wand as a sword ... that it is only to be used for magic . I would have said David Copperfield to him but he would have said ... Who ?? I 'm sure it wo n't last long as it is a bunch of cardboard . What do you expect from a 5 year old . Butttttttttt ... It gave some quality time between father and son as he had to spend time with him to figure out the tricks . So what if the toy does n't last forever , the memory of daddy doing magic tricks with him will .
 This magic kit may not have `` educational value '' or be real durable , but really , who cares . It 's cute , it 's fun , it 's does the trick for this price . My 5 year old son really wanted a magic kit . It totally works . It 's easy for them to learn the tricks , therefore no frustration is involved , which is always a plus . The hat is such a bonus , it 's makes them feel like a real magician . I reccomend this toy for kid 's that just want to have a little magic fun .
 I work in a fine-jewelery store where we sell a lot of loose diamonds . This is a great loupe ! The first one I had wasnt a triplet and was not very easy to see through . After getting this one Im amazed at how clear it is and how many more details you can see . Even the tiny hammer dents in the gold settings . There 's no distortion in the lense at all . It even comes in a very nice leather protective case . Looks very nice and professional . Im very happy with this purchase .
 My husband is a geologist , I m interested in Petrology ... these lenses are of great quality and the price is a bargain ... my husband is also a astronomer and has made his own lenses ... and was so impressed by the quality of these lenses that he has sort of taken ownership over them , might have to get another one for me .
 I was a bit hesitant to purchase this loupe because it was not one of the big name brands . I read the other reviews on this item and decided to give it a try . I was very pleased with the quality of the loop . It is well built , steady to hold , and has very clear optics . I am glad that I went with a 21mm loupe instead of a cheaper 15mm or 18mm loupe . I find it much easier to use and to focus than smaller loupes . It works perfectly for my needs .
 Exactly as promised . My only probv , em is that I have lost it somewhere in my office . When I find it , I 'm gon na paint it bright orange .
 This product appears to be well made and the strength -LRB- 10x by 21 mm -RRB- is well suited to my needs for examination . I would surely consider this manufacturer in the future .
 I love these Triplet loops . They do n't rust , they do n't hold grit , and the case is real leather that 's thick and glossy so it 's water repellant . I use this 10x loop for lab work to identify shell bead drill holes and just for fun , looking at my cuticles , jewelry , just anything . I used to use a Triplet 10x ten years ago in my geology lab and that 's why I bought one for myself . This is actually my second one , purchased as a replacement for one that was misplaced , that 's how much I like it . Buy with confidence . I have -- twice .
 This is a great price for a triplet loupe and I love the little leather case . My boyfriend was very happy with the gift .
 This is the best quality product that I have found for home use . My visually limited husband uses it every day
 Good Buy here compared to same item selling elsewhere . Arrived quickly and little leather case is appreciated to aid in carrying it and not scratching it .
 very good introduction for math concepts such as estimation , weight comparison , volume comparison . easily done by my 5 year old at the basic level .
 Sure , it 's just a remold of the classic wind-up tin Bender , but what a remold . Just look at it ! It 's awesome .
 what can i say , i love Futurama and drag queens !!! i already owned a Gender Bender , but due to some rough handling , the box had taken quite a beating . i thought i was going to have to live with my Bender in his damaged box until Mitros2 saved the day . a big hats off , or should i say wigs off to Mr. Mitros !!! my Bender arrived in a well-packaged box in pristine condition . as a collector , i truly appreciate the outstanding condition of this item . now Bender is displayed with Zombie Kitty and Ariel . not everyone will appreciate the world 's coolest robot in drag , but i sure do ! if you 're a Futurama fan , add this toy to your collection and be ready for the many interesting conversations to follow !!!
 The Gender Bender was a URFL fighter who was invented to lose to the more popular robot , Destructor . He was dressed in a pink tutu and carried a fairy wand . Gender Bender chose to fight back against the rules and fought Destructor , but lost when Destructor fell on him . He was compared to be as unpopular as Sergeant Feces Processor.The Gender Bender was the second incarnation of Bender , the first being Bender the Offender .
 Benders own words . This thing is awesome . Its a good solid collectible.Everything about it screams Bender.Definitely worth the money . I 'd buy it again . That being said . Bite my shiny metal @ss .
 Our 8 year old son is really starting to like the more challenging board games but they are so expensive so this made it possible for us to give him something that is really popular and educational at a very affordable price .
 One of the best monopoly games out there ! Great for any fan of Spider-man and Marvel Comics !
 Great product
 I got this set and the sky helicopter lift set for my 4 year olds birthday , he loved them!The jeep from this set pulls the cage from the helecopter set!It seems pretty durable although it has a lot of small pieces . Dinos are cool looking !
 This is Chap Mei at it 's best , -LRB- lontic is the stateside distributer -RRB- . The set comes complete with HUMVEE truck , Dino , and loads of accesories . Normally these items are found only over seas , Thanks again Amazon for coming through with the hard to find items .
 It looks like real mountains when crinkled up . Just what I wanted . It is a great background for the model trains .
 Switches are great provide me with getting a number of lanes to hold four engines with a digital command center to run them .
 Bender lovers will rejoice - this nifty little toy has got him nailed , down to the removable cigar and bottle of `` Old Fortran '' malt liquor . Twisting his antenna changes his mouth expression , and his door even opens to expose his mechanical workings . The only flaw I 've found is that the wind-up key is n't especially sturdy - mine bent slightly when I wound him up.I think what I like most about this toy is that it is designed and packaged in a retro-style reminiscent of the classic wind-up tin robots of the '50s . As such , it probably would n't keep most modern kids entertained for long -LRB- nor survive their physical abuse -RRB- but it 's really something targeted toward older collectors anyway . Mine will adorn my office desk .
 it 's a wind up rodot and it 's bender !! nuff said . just the perfect hommage we can give to this bad ass robot .
 This guy is awesome ... It seems like nowadays EVERYTHING is made of plastic . . Bender is made of metal , and has an actual mechanism that you wind up to make him walk . I do n't know if I 'd put this in the hands of a small child , but since Bender is an alcoholic theif , that copletely lacks compassion for anybody except himself , he probably is n't exactly a good role model for a kid anyway . But I think he 's AWESOME , and so is this toy !!
 There . Politically incorrect diatribe aside , this is n't for kids.When I got mine , and upon removing the packaging of my lovable rascal , there was this funky smell and Bender had a slick feel to the case . So I 'd advise washing it , and your hands , before really winding him up.Bender is reasonably well built , and at 9 '' is a terrific size . And unlike the reflective version , this one 's color is accurate to what you see on TV -LRB- I bought both reflective and matte versions and love them both equally . -RRB- Best of all , he 's educational because , when people ask , I say `` He 's the lovable rascal from ` Futurama ' , a show written by a bunch of folks with PhDs ! `` Not a bad price , but wash or burn -LRB- and/or get high from the smell -RRB- ... So now I 've got to ask -- they had the Gender Bender model ... why not the parallel universe Gold one , preferably reflective too ? : -RRB-
 Bachman EZ track is easy to set up and take down and looks great . I almost never have problems with connections and the electrical distribution is great .
 Good quality product if you 're looking to quickly expand an existing loop of the EZ track . By itself , it will not create a complete loop of track . If you 're expanding a simple-kid friendly layout , this is a good choice , the sections can easily be attached and detached and the plastic base allows you to operate a train on almost any surface , including soft carpeting . The gray roadbed -LRB- standard with the Nickel Silver track -RRB- is a passable stand-in for ballast -LRB- esp . for children -RRB- , but you 'll need to work hard to add detail if you 're incorporating it into a realistic diorama or layout . Switches for EZ track are fussy and will require tweaking depending on your rolling stock . Some of my rolling stock pass the switches just fine , others derail . This problem has been noted on numerous EZ track reviews here and elsewhere and remains a problem with the switches in this set .
 For old fumble fingers , this combination roadbed and track is a blessing -- especially the N-scale . It easily and sturdily goes around a tree on a rug for those once a year users and is an easier way to start a layout .
 This is the next Playmobil pirate set that we purchased after realizing what a big hit Blackbeard 's Pirate Ship was with our six year old son -LRB- a shame that Amazon no longer has the Ship available ... nor will allow any reviews to be posted , for some strange reason -RRB- . The Dungeon is an ingenious little contraption that comes with a pirate prisoner , two guardsmen , a cannon with two cannonballs , a rowboat with workable oars , rifles , keys , removable hats , holsters , etc. and all other manner of precious little accessories that make playing with it fun and helped our kids truly build their imaginations . The icing on the cake so to speak is the working trap door ; it had the boy giddy for an hour after he discovered it.Every part and accessory is cast of durable plastic . Assembly is about a solid 20 minutes , but quite worthwhile . He has played with this toy every day since we got it two weeks ago . No pieces have been lost so far because this toy is great for teaching kids to account for their things and put them away every night before bed time ... as long as it has a special storage area of its own , away from the `` toy box pit '' . I am continually amazed by the attention to detail that Playmobil has put into each little piece in this pirate series . How could our child have gotten to six without us hearing about Playmobil before ??? Well , now that he 's turning seven we 're true fans . More of the sets in this pirate series will be on their way as gifts on future Christmases and Birthdays.I heartily urge ye to try this quality toy , mateys ! - Andrea , aka Merribelle
 My 8 yr . old loves it . It only took us 20 minutes to put together and he has a `` blast '' playing with it.He likes it so much that we have purchased several other sets.I do agree that it is best if you have a special box to put it in . We use a large plastic bin and ziploc bags to keep all of the parts together . It also helps if you save the instructions and place them in the plastic bag with the parts .
 This is one of many of Playmobil 's quality items.The prison is excellent quality , & the prison door works well at staying shut , but if you are really rough with it , -LRB- Like drop it on a hard floor , it can break quite easily!Believe me on this ! -RRB- It comes with 3 sweeet figures , a pelican , lots of weapons , a cannon that really works really well , a boat , etc ! If you enjoy Playmobil , & would like some sort of dungeon for some of your figures , FOR SURE buy this set ! It is a great addition to your collection .
 These Bachmann Thomas trains are not only very well made , but just adorable . My grandson enjoys playing with them so much that he does n't play with anything else . And , confidentially , so do I. Thanks , Amazon for making these affordable .
 It is great seeing my son laughing while the train goes round and round and at pretty good speed . He likes to change the speed and direction . He has fun playing with it .
 these are vital for the rumble robots . some people think its just a waste of time and money and its easier to just press a button on the controler , but these really help you win your match . the upgrade cards are great and the gold cards are perfect for a tough match . so they may be a waste but if your a true rumble robots fan you 'll wat to buy these cards .
 SO cool attacks , my pack included these speical edition attacks : mega Punch , Swift Spore , clobber kick , knuckle crunch , steel fist , iron lungs , glass shatter , leg loser , mouth strecther , pit pull , and Skull Bash . There is ven one extra super card the same one is in every pack , though it is the best move ever ! It is called '' SKULL BASHER DELUXE '' ! I have one every fight with this attack !
 Once you get your rumble robot youll find that it comes with a small set of cards to get you started . But if you want to expierience the full power of rumble robots you should buy a couple packs of cards . This will vastly increase your robots power , and you can find many new strategies . And if youre lucky , you might just get a super gold or diamond power card ! This will bring out your robots fullest potential !
 At first it was really hard to understand . But when you get the hang of it , it 's really fun . : -RRB-
 This thing is awesome ! It is a bit educational because it teaches you the basic controls of a robot . It is heavier than it looks -LRB- all the stuff I have been writing is about the robot -RRB- . Get the bot , get the cards , get the armor , get the power !!!!!!!! -LRB- ebay has a lot of rumble robot stuff -RRB-
 The Rumble robots cards are great and so are the toys . The toys are reasonably priced !! and most important they are fun I play with my robot for hours !!!!!!!!! I higly recomed itC.J .
 Last year , when my friends and I were just 15 , we played The Wall Street Scandal and , as expected , had a LOT of fun ! We all donned costumes and my best friend and I gave her basement a makeover to look like a beautiful New York pent house . We cooked a fabulous meal and had a highly enjoyable evening playing this game . I ca n't recomend it enough to everyone . -LRB- A simple understanding of the stock market may come in handy but is not necessary . -RRB- It is the best way to have a fun evening for any age , and we ca n't wait to play another How To Host A Murder game ! We can even re-use this one with a different set of guests because it was so much fun . The game and the memories it leaves will last a lifetime !
 This was the first murder mystery party I have hosted . Guests ' ages ranged from 31 to 71 , with a wide range of backgrounds and educational levels , but everyone seemed to get into character and had a great time . I intentionally assigned roles which were out of each guest 's usual personality and comfort zone , and the results were hilarious . I hired my college-age grandson and his girlfriend to act as `` butler '' and `` maid '' , which worked out great . The butler took coats , gave each guest the player manual , and announced each guest . He took drink orders and served drinks and appetizers , while the * maid '' kept an eye on dinner and mixed drinks . They served dinner , which allowed me to really enjoy the game , and the guests loved the added touch . I like to cook , so I made a bit more elaborate dinner . Most guests came in costume , and everyone did a good job of staying in character . All guests gave the party rave reviews , and several mentioned that we should make the party an annual tradition . I will definitely be hosting more parties with this group , and I am already planning another party with a different group of friends . The only thing I plan to do differntly is to send out a copy of the `` rules '' and each player 's dossier with the invitations , so guests have a little more time to think about their characters and prepare costumes . It is very important that guests understand they have to question each other aggressively . Several of my guests told me later that they were so worried about hiding their character 's secrets , they were easily distracted from really digging . No one got the solution right , but everyone still had a great time . Definitely worth doing if your friends are flexible enough to get into character .
 Game arrived in timely manner . Box of game was torn completely at one corner .
 The track connectors should be able to come off easily for &#34; block &#34; connectors to be added.The alignment of the connectors should be tighter .
 I love this track style , bit pricey but what is not these days . It is not as secure as the Snap Loc style track but it is easier to work with and much more stable then the standard track style . I do not like the Snap Loc style so this is my forever track for right now .
 Excellent well constructed track . However care must be taken when putting together that both joined rails are exactly flush with each other , or else the Bachmann locomotive may not pass over the joined part .
 I bought 2 of these , one for my husband and one for my 4 year old son . They both love it , but my husband has hidden his from his son for now ! My son has n't broken it , so it seems rather durable . He keeps it in his box and is careful not to misplace the key !
 My husband 's favorite movie is `` The Day The Earth Stood Still . '' We both remember it making it 's debut on `` Saturday Night at the Movies '' in the late 1950 's . It really stood out at that time . I bought him a Gort a few years ago , but one of our grandsons `` fixed '' it , and he ended up keeping it . This was Greg 's replacement and wo n't see the light of day , but will be put away and cherished as Gort was meant to be.My grandson brought his to school for `` show and tell '' .
 If you love the movie The Day the Earth Stood Still , then you 'll love this toy model of Gort , the robot . Although at 9 '' he 's not quite as imposing as the real Gort , he is , nevertheless , impressive ! He looks just like the real thing -LRB- well , the real imagined thing -RRB- , complete with movable visor . The wind up feature -LRB- activated by a removable key -RRB- is really cool , and Gort shuffles along like an arthritic android , in the fashion of any 1950s toy.I bought him for my wife , believe it or not , to remind her of the demeanor she ought to take with our kids sometimes . She loves it!My one complaint is that this Gort , unlike the original , is very destructible . His metal parts look like they 're already separating , and my wife rarely uses him . Of course , she 's lost the wind up key which does n't help matters any!Gort gets points for recapturing the look and feel of 1950s toys and simply for being a wind up version of Gort . He still looks good , just standing there waiting for the next `` Klaatu Barada Nikto '' command . However , I wish he 'd been made sturdier , which is n't asking for too much .
 My 8 year old grandson has CP , he wears braces and uses a walker to get around . I bought this water slide for him . He , like all other children can use this water slide it makes him equal . He climbs up the slide portion on his hands and knees and slides down belly first and laughs and laughs . This is a wonderful exercise for him and he is having fun and playing with his friends and no one has to assist him . Its great .
 I bought this for my grandson and he loved it ! Even the adults had loads of fun ! This a great gift for all size kids and very inexpensive !
 I just purchased this product after seeing the price on Amazon go from $ 25 to $ 50 . I bought it at hearthsong.com and it was only $ 15 . Why pay $ 50 for this toy when you can buy three of them for the same price at another website ? I ca n't wait to hear my kids talking robotically !
 My grandsons are getting these for christmas and they are going to love the different voices they can make with them . It will be great fun at christmas time .
 Multi Voice Changer by Toysmith
 I bought these so the kids could goof around with each other and change their voices , not sure they totally change 8 times but they still enjoyed it !
 I bought this as a Birthday Present and my niece loves it and ca n't stop playing with it :-RRB- &#60; 3
 What kid does n't like to hear the sound of her own voice distorted in multiple ways . This toy is always a hit . The pick it up every now and then and it is fun , sturdy and compact . Good buy !
 My grandson is soon to be eight years old , and enjoyed this item immensely . Even the adults in the family had fun taking a go at it . Was easy for all of us to figure out and have fun with . Great value for price .
 I bought this for the kids in my Elementary school . They love it and They enjoy speaking into it . If I do n't have it out they ask where it is . Lot 's of fun !
 I work with kids for a living . I ca n't keep this in view or every single kid I know wants to play with it . So I keep it hidden and bring it out as a reward . I have n't met a kid who does n't enjoy this .
 I love this and so do the kids ! My husband hates it . It 's absolutely fabulous noise , especially for the price .
 My grandson loved this item . He was playing with this on Christmas more than anything else . Thank you for this item .
 I saw a different version of this in Target for more than what I paid here . My son and I bought this as a gift for his friend , and not only did he love it , but my son would n't stop playing with it while we were waiting for Christmas to arrive !
 Very annoying but my kids have a good time with it and enjoy it . We call this an outside toy but that usually doesnt work to well . It works good and does what it says but after awhile it is annoying to me lol
 I ordered this as just something &#34; extra &#34; to give my 11 year old for Christmas . He loves it ! Some of the voice sounds are very similar to each other , but for the price , it has kept him entertained !
 My 3 year old has a BLAST with this voice changer . It is easy to switch the voice effects , and he loves to experiment with it . It is also used to shock friends with the weird sounds ! Perfect .
 Multi Voice Changer by Toysmith
 Received it three days ago for my 7 year old daughter . It is very nice . She likes it very much . I am using it while reading story books with her and changing the voice during reading to resemble the story heroes . It is very nice .
 My daughter loves this toy . I ca n't figure out if she actually likes it this much or if she likes annoying us this much . But she does play with it quite a bit . It seems to be built fairly well . My only gripe is it does n't actually make 10 different sounds . If you play with the switches it kind-of alters each sound just a little bit . I guess technically it makes 10 different sounds but they are n't really that different from each other . But she loves it so that 's all that matters . I would purchase this again !
 I recently bought this voice changer from Toysmith for my five year-old nephew and it was a huge hit with him - and his older sister ... and their parents !
 My 5 year old nephew likes playing with this toy . It 's not his favorite , but for the cost it , it 's great . He enjoys talking into it & making noise & having it come out sounding differently .
 I bought the Multi Voice Changer as a birthday present for my 5 year old grandson . He and his two older siblings -LRB- 8 and 10 -RRB- and his parents have all had fun with the voice changer . It was inexpensive and so far has been quite durable . I saw no particular educational value , but not all toys have to educate - they can just be fun .
 Got this for my grandson and he absolutely adores it . It is well made and does a great job with changing the voices . It was grandpa tested for the week before it was given as a gift and I had lots of fun with it .
 I got this for my 9 year old cousin for Christmas and he loves it ! It does a range of voice modifications , anything from a deep darth vader to a high pitched chipmunk . The rest of the family had a blast with it too , even my grandmother took a turn ! It confused the dog quite a bit though ! It seemed pretty durable to us and worked right out of the box ! I would recommend it .
 Bought this gift for a 9-year old boy . He was immediately intriqued with it . Great conversational gift ... especially to be used outdoors .
 I have three kids 2 , 8 & 10 . I only have one of these . Had it about 8 months now and I can honestly say they all fight over it and still want to play with it . This was something grandpa purchased for them . I probably would n't have looked twice at it . I do n't know how much he spent but even he is surprised they still go to it . I even caught my 14 & 16yr old neices playing with this . I do n't get it . Just remember ... it is for kids . Do n't expect to much from it . I would probably buy another one if it broke considering I still have the 2 year old who is usually the one pulling it out of the other ones hands . Hopefully you get one as durable as mine -LRB- which has fallen many times and still has everything working and still attached -RRB-
 I bought it like a present for 8 years old boy and he likes it a lot but his father not really this voice changer very loud and changing voice pretty good but sound not really clear and it 's kind of annoyingI paid 15 $ for this toy little too price I would say maximum 10 $
 I got this as a birthday present for my little brother . He loved it . It really works , you can even sing in it . The only thing is that it does n't really sound like darth vader . : -LRB-
 This little thing is a lot of fun , various voice sounds . It could be a little more `` clear '' , but for $ 15 its a good toy . Fun for adults too . Several voice options , but some sound alike . Sounds better when you are not real close to people , or they will hear you and not the voice projected from the toy . Overall , good $ 15 purchase .
 I got this for my 6 year old brother and he loved it . We all -LRB- adults and my 3 year old brother included -RRB- had a good time playing with it . Just make sure you take it away when you 're trying to take a nap or the little brat will drive you up the wall with it !
 I really like this voice changer . I got it for my son , who has also enjoyed it . It is of very good quality . It provides an opportunity to speak in numerous voices . It is easy to hold without it being too small / large or slipping . It works without batteries , something all parents will appreciate . There are a few voice changers that look to be of slightly higher quality that are sold for lots more . The less expensive options did not appear to be good enough . So , while I wish the price were a lot less , this offers better quality , I think . Its an enjoyable toy , but , I do n't think that children will play with it as long as I did with empty boxes . I rate it a solid `` B '' and it comes recommended .
 Out of all the fancy toys they got for Christmas , this is the one the 7 and 4 year old are playing with the most . One warning , it can get pretty loud and after more than 10 minutes it starts to get irritating , but then I just send them to a different room to play . I did n't think something so simple would be so entertaining for them ! It is definitely a keeper!We bought it to use with the UCreate Music station , but have n't tried that yet . It 's just fun all by itself .
 I bought this for my Granddaughter who is 9 years old but for medical reasons does not talk , however recently she started trying to talk and with this voice changer she is intrigued to try different sounds which I know will eventually be words , this has been a great tool for speechtherapy . Of course I had to get her two year old brother one also because he just loves being heard . This toy is definitly a good buy .
 I ordered these for my kids , my husband and myself to be used as part of our Halloween -LRB- robot -RRB- costumes . It was definitely my kids ' favorite part of the costume , and at the party we attended everyone had to try the voice changers . Now we just use them goofing around , but they are so fun , and have easily withstood plenty of banging around -LRB- including falling down the stairs -RRB- at the hands of my kids .
 A lot of combinations in this voice changer . Squeeky voice to Robot monotone . Better than Helium ! I bought it for a nephew who loved it . I went back to the store a few days later to buy one for myself , and they only had one left in the back . It did n't work , but I assumed that the battery was dead , bought it , changed the 9 volt -LRB- rectangular -RRB- battery , but it did n't work . I 'm going to return it . They are good for some laughs .
 My six year old has so much fun with all the different voices he can make . Great for young kids -LRB- a little on the loud side though , at least for me -RRB-
 My husband likes this toy , he gets a kick out of it , when his CB friends hears it and can not figure out who is making the different sounds .
 All I 've heard is that it 's fun . Educational ??? Durable ??? I guess it will take a little while to hear about the other ratings but for now - he 's enjoying it - he is six years old .
 when it came it had the batteries & the try me button & i did try it . it was so fun to use . as soon as my son unwrapped it he went wild with it . he loves being able to change his voice to them all but the robot is his favorite . this toy was the perfect birthday gift and at the price you ca n't go wrong .
 My grand kids had fun playing with the voice changers . It was a big hit . Seemed to be a quality item .
 My grandsons loved playing with this and hearing their voices change . It was something different from the usual Christmas toy . Good price , sturdy and good quality .
 I purchased this for my great nephew for Christmas and I wish I would have purchased one for each of my nieces and nephews - it was a hit .
 The lights on this thing are pretty bright . The sounds are really mangled , extreme and blown out . The tone switching knobs did n't do a great deal to change the sound -LRB- high pitch , low pitch and more robotic sounding is all I could get . -RRB- I kinda wish I had gotten a model with the spaceman reverb sounds . My nephew is 3 and he loves yelling into this thing . It appears pretty durable , its been dropped and thrown around a bunch .
 my son experimented with this and likes it . It is a lil anoying though so sometimes I ask him to play in another room . So if you are sound sensitive you may not want to get this one .
 The boys really got a kick out of this . Great for birthday parties ! Inexpensive and teaches them a little science too
 This voice changer was a blast before it was even out of the packaging . My 8 year old daughter could n't put it down and my husband practically wrestled her for it . My 4 year old son figured it out easily and played with it for an hour . It is a reasonable price for a very fun toy . The reviewers who said the voice did n't change must not have been sliding the buttons . We love the high voice , the robot and the very deep voice . Great fun especially at a family gathering !
 so its a christmas present but i can play with it in the plastic it came working but the smaller version i ordered did not . NOTE tese were made by same company so i wnt know if it will last till after the holidays wish me luck !!!!!
 This toy is fun . I bought it for my 8 year old daughter and was happy it came with the battery so i could play with it before i have to wrap it for a christmas gift lol . Although I was hoping for the purple one that is shown in the picture , I did receive it in red . That is the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . Other than that it 's a fun toy and i received it quickly with no problems : -RRB-
 I was n't sure about this toy but I bought it for my grnadson who was turning 5 years old base don the reviews I read about it here . He loved it and the other two grandkids -LRB- 3 and 2 -RRB- caught on quickly and began fighting over it . When my grandson was chastized for monopolizing it , he would speak back to his parents using the megaphone using the Darth Vader voice . It was actually quite comical . The only thing I would say about this item is that the different voices are not clearly separated but for the price this is a great toy for kids to hand around to other kids in a room when you 're having a birthday party . Kids do n't linger on a toy very long any more these days but we got a lot of bang for our buck here . Are they using it today ? Probably not , but I did n't feel like I was ripped off or anything . They had fun with it and that 's what a gift for a 5-year old should be about . Adults had fun with it too .
 this will deffenately keep kids entertained and also adults ... hah we all have kid in us no matter how old we get but my place is done with nothing but cool funny crazy stuff in it ... so this just added another fun thing for my place i love the voice effects
 I got this for my nephew and he ca n't put it down . All his friends come over and want to play with it . Hours of fun for him - a little loud for parents - but just take it away for a while if it gets too annoying . Very fun toy !!
 I work with kids in our recreation program and the kids could n't put it down and the major problem was every child wanted a turn at the same time -LRB- fun fun fun -RRB- ...
 Bought this for my 4 year old niece 's birthday . She seemed to really enjoy this , and so did the rest of the party , mostly adults !
 The voice changing element was very entertaining for the children . This is a simple gift for anyone under , say , 12 . This review format is too cluttered .
 I got three of these - one for our kids , one for our nephews , and one for our Godson . It was definitely the winning gift for Christmas , and all of us parents had a fun time messing around with it , too ! I 'm not sure why one reviewer wrote that all of the voices sound the same . Maybe they got a defective one , I do n't know .
 my grandchildren were very happy to get this product as the birthday gift . They have a lot of fun . Recommended product and seller . Thank you .
 I got this as a gift for a 4 year old nephew and it was a great gift . Its a lot of fun to play with and most importantly , its not too loud . I was a little concerned I was buying a child a megaphone , but it does n't really amplify the voice at all . It just changes it .
 We have had so much fun with this ! I bought this as a little side gift for Christmas and it became the hit ! We laughed so much as the adults all disguised their voices too ! It was super fun calling the grandparents and tricking them ! My kids love this ! I should have bought more , but I will be getting this again for birthday presents !
 My 41/2 yr old nephew loved this when I gave it to him for Christmas ! In fact he is still having fun with it . When I first received the voice changer , myself and teenage kids had a blast annoying each other with it .
 Are you the kind of person that would buy your brother 's or sister 's kids a drum set or other loud toy just to get a rise out of them ? If so , this should be on your short list . For what it does , it 's great . Our boys -LRB- now 8 and 10 -RRB- have used theirs for a few years now - it 's definitely durable , and will drive parents crazy . We finally resorted to hiding ours , but I love a good annoying toy as much as anyone , so every once in a while we pull it out and go nuts with it . A great gift to give to friends or relatives with kids and a healthy sense of humor !
 `` Great seller ! Item arrived earlier than expected , item has a robot voice , a man 's voice -LRB- more like slowing down your own voice to make it sound deeper -RRB- , a high pitched woman 's / fairy sounding voice . -LRB- not that I know what a fairy sounds like , but this could be it ! -RRB- , the item also amplifies your own voice . Great gift . Item arrived working with batteries included ! ''
 For the price , this is a great toy . It 's fun for both adults and children . It 's not especially well built or durable , so expect that it will die at some point in the future . For the price though it 's a lot of good fun . Works well used in parallel to movie watching , try a Darth Vader effect ? Ewoks ? ...
 This is a fun toy for my 5 year old grandson . He likes it . He is autistic and likes to hear his voice . The only downfall is that it takes 3 batteries , and also the sounds do n't sound that much different . All and all it is a fairly good toy . I give it a 4
 this toy does everything the title says . when using a new battery , it works great . maybe they do not understand that when A_E are all down , they are off , when you slide one up , the sound does change , maybe they are doing it backwards .
 I bought this toy for my much younger brother and as soon as he opened it , the entire family was passing it around . From the grandparents down to the toddlers , it was played with by all . It can get a little annoying at times because of how loud it can be but in small doses , it is a ton of fun !
 Before purchasing the Multi Voice Changer by Toysmith , we read all the reviews of several similar products . We decided on the Toysmith product and our grandchild was not disappointed . She , age 7 , has used it with great enjoyment .
 I bought 2 of these for my godsons and my husband and I had more fun with them before giving them to the boys than they did . These are hilarious . I have considered buying one for ourselves . I was laughing so hard I was crying . I would recommend this toy for kids or adults .
 I bought this for my nephew , but could n't resist playing with it myself before I wrapped his present ! Once he opened it on Christmas Eve , he continued to play with it , foregoing all of his other presents to amuse himself with the voice changer . While each of the voices do n't really sound too different from one another , it still is alot of fun . For how inexpensive it is , it 's definitely worth it !!
 What fun for an eight-year-old grandson , so change the way his voice sounds ! He really enjoys it and is teaching his little sister how to use it .
 Got it for my little cousin , she 's 4 , she 's been screaming into it for 4 hours now , everyone hates he , I love it !
 My 7 year old nephew got this for Christmas . We had hours of fun with it and he still playing with it , 2 weeks later !
 was lots of fun , and the changes were good . got to be pretty boothersome though for the mom 's , especially my daughter in law , who exclalimed &#34;
 I sent this to my niece and nephew . My sister says it 's very annoying . I love it for that reason .
 Batteries included , very nice effects .15 more words required 15 more words required 15 more words required 15 more words required 15 more words required
 Fun for kids and adults but it really needs a volume control . Other than that , the kids were having a blast with it -LRB- as well as some adults who shall remain nameless ... -RRB-
 The kids are having fun with it , voice does not change much and is hard to understand when speaking , but for the price its not bad for the kids .
 La entrega fue a tiempo , la comunicaci&oacute;n fue inmediata y atenta , el producto es tal cual como se esperaba , 100 % recomendado .
 My great grandson loved the voice changer . He also drove everyone crazy with the noise but he was very happy .
 i am a grown up , and had alota fun with this . Cool voices , even a little scary , but hey fun for hallowing .
 Purchased it for a 9 yr old boy . A hard age to buy for . He loves it and so does his 2 younger brothers . The sounds are not that different from one another but they do n't seem to notice .
 What a fun toy for all ages ! I got this for my stepson who is 6 for his birthday ! Between him and my husband they could n't decide who 's turn it was to play with it . I have to admit this is really cool as I even had fun playing with it . This was a big hit and I could see any child liking this . Great for boys and girls of all ages . Change your voice multiple ways to sound different . I have to say this was a much better buy than the t-pain microphone we got him last year for Christmas
 I brought this for my neice who thinks this is fantastic . I did n't realise but you can change the sound as well so even better than I thought . My sister thought it was great too and very entertaining . A bit too loud for my house though ! Not something i 'll be buying for my own children .
 My five year old loves his voice changer . In fact everyone in the house plays with it . I like how you can use multiple switches to make even more that 10 different effects . Fun , but if you have a headache or are bothered by noise then do not buy this ! haha
 Thank you Great the Multi Voice Changer is so much fun !!!! This is a blast for all ages of kids !!!
 Arrived promptly , as pictured , no problems . I think my 9 year old grandson will love this one , but would be fun toy for ANY age . Heck , I might get one for myself !
 timely delivery and a so so product ... hope i dont wear out batteries before santa delivers ha ha ha ... it was all great packaged and undamaged ... but the voice changers kinda not exciting ! BUT then again Im NOT 6 yrs old !
 On the surface , this thing is n't capable of much . As a kid 's toy , I can actually see how this might become an annoying thing to give a kid ... As an adult with a bit of hacking experience and a love for disgusting , squelchy noises , this thing is a dream come true.Only two hacks are necessary to turn this thing into a great noise machine , suitable for noise artists . One hack is replacing the speaker with an 1/8 in . or 1/4 in . jack out to hook it up to a sound system . If you do n't want to remove the speaker , you could add a switch , but it starts to get crowded in there , so if you 're keeping the speaker , I 'd opt for the smaller 1/8 jack . The second hack is an 1/8 in . input for external sound processing . I would keep the built-in mic just in case , so add a switch there . I have n't experimented with bending this thing yet , but it 's really only two steps to make this into something worth having for that extra flavor in a track or live.Anyway , that 's my thought on this .
 Cool toy that enables you to change your voices to many different sounds . We got as a gift and gave one to two other friends.Provides hours of fun !
 My Grandson received this for Christmas , we all played with it even my 10 month old granddaughter could do it .
 My 6 yr . old daughter got this for Christmas . She loves it and so does my 5 yr . old son . Everyone that comes over to play , grabs it right away and loves to speak or sing into it . Has definitely been a 5 star toy .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old grand-daughter . She loves it . Her mother hates it . Over all a great choice .
 My five year old nephew like this toy alright . He like the ultra stomp rocket better . Cool toy overall though .
 The thing does exactly what I hoped it would
 Great toy . Kids love it . Keeps them giggling . Seems pretty durable as kids are grabbing and running around with it .
 The grandsons enjoy talking to eacher with there voice changers.They run through the house changing there voices laughing at each other .
 This toy has great volume and the voice changes are very different . This is great for any child who loves to act , sing , or just have a good time . Parents may want to break this toy by the end of the first day , because the kids do n't want to put it down . This is one toy that will never be at the bottom of the toy box .
 I bought this for screwing around on the net with my buddies in TeamSpeak . It 's works great , but wish it had more settings . There is now software out there that can do the same , but honestly if probably more expensive than this fellow . It 's great for what it is .
 Bought it for my nephew and i 've heard that he likes it , it is affordable and he enjoys its . He likes the fact that it changes his voice .
 It was just what we needed for a song we sang in our Choir Group . Synthesizers are so.o . o expensive and this product worked . We used the robotic sounds and it was perfect . The only drawback was that the instructions shoud be on the product itself and not on the packaging as it almost got thrown away and also it is difficult to carry around cardboard instructions . Maybe a little key chain type thing to attach to the machine or printed right on the machine would be helpful and would be a great selling point .
 My children enjoyed it from the first moment . they learn something of electronics and create interesting games . the battery life is acceptable . But by the material you use carefully to ensure its durability .
 This toy keep my child occupied for awhile she has had it for months and it still works . She loves to pull it out when her friends visit to make funny sounds and to change her voice . It 's a neat toy to have .
 My nephew is 3 years old , he surprised when his voice changed , and then started to laugh , he enjoyed it a lot . VERY FUNNY
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter who is boistrous and loves to sing . While it is n't really loud it can be annoying but has lots of entertainment value . We have similar devices , a non electric mike that uses vibrating springs to alter your voice as well as a disco mike and light set that has electronic amplification so I knew she would like this . I like the LED 's that light up when the sound comes out . There is a momentary delay while the sound is being altered that is interesting .
 My little brother loves this toy . He played with it all day for christmas . It has 5 voice switches that are all different . You can also turn multiple switches on at once , to get more voice . Effects .
 We had more fun with this thing ! My son is 4 and my husband is 31 . They nearly ` fought ' -LRB- not really -RRB- over who was going to play with it next . It 's really worth it . : -RRB-
 I got this for my little boys 5th birthday , he has loved it so far . We have only had it a month so we 'll see how long it lasts , but so far so good . All the kids love to play with it , but what kid does n't like to yell into things ?
 I bought this for my 21/2 year old grandson . It 's a lot of fun for that age group but not for kids above 5 . The previous reviews are correct , the different sounds are n't that much different but who cares . He loves the way it makes his voice sound .
 Bought it for my sister she really like it some changes sound the same but really good toy my 5 year old sister enjoy it a lot .
 the child , who received that gift , was very happy and had fun with it . Parents too :--RRB- it was a good choice
 Every kid LOVES this thing . It does get rather obnoxious for adults and sometimes it randomly disappears but it would be perfect to by for your siblings kids : -RRB-
 The kids loved it and the adults had just as much fun ! I would reccommend this to anyone . We got a red one .
 I bought one for all my grandsons . They really seemed to enjoy them , however some of the adults found them annoying . They are probably a good &#34; outside &#34; toy .
 Bought 2 for xmas . Thank goodness my wife 's a kid and has to play with most toys before wrapping them . One stopped working right away . Seems a wire was n't making contact inside when you pulled the trigger . A small screwdriver to open it and repair and back in business . the kids loved 'em . -LRB- Ages 3-5 -RRB-
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my 7-year-old nephew and he loved it . He had a lot of fun changing his voice and he still plays with it ... one year later . Nice toy and inexpensive .
 The two granddaughters loved these voice changers . Of course , all the adults had to try them and have their fun , too .
 This little voice changer has been a big entertainer at our house . All the kids wan na constantly play with it . Fun but noisy .
 Was purchased for our 5 year old grandson and he loved it . It was easy to work and could change your voice in a variety of ways .
 My grandson loved this for Christmas . This rated right up there with the Legos . A fun toy for any youngster
 my god child loved this multi voice changer ty great fun.fun.fun , for all the kids thank you n God bless you
 Before buying this product I read a number of reviewers who indicated they did n't think moving the sliders had any effect on the voice ... I 'm glad I did n't pay any attention to those reviews . The toy is exactly as advertised , a voice modifying &#34; bullhorn &#34; that changes how the speaker sounds and amplifies it . My 8 year old and 3 year both get a kick out of the various voices -LRB- although our cat is less thrilled with it -RRB- . My only issue with the toy is just how close your mouth needs to be to have the mic pick up your voice . However , this also virtually eliminates any background noise becoming an annoying carrying hum when the toy is on - and also lengthens battery life , I 'm sure ; Tradeoffs in everything , I suppose . Recommend
 Grandson , 5 yrs , really likes this . Has a goodtime with it . Family will be glad when summer gets here and He can get outside with it . Can become a little irritating . Haha !!
 I just know my 4 year old is going to annoy allof us with this toy . It 's GREAT ! It has different settings to change the voice . Great buy !
 My daughter got this as a gift for her birthday . She absolutely loves it ! She is 6 years old but my 8 year old loves it , too ! Their favorite voice sound is the robot voice . I probably will use it somehow in my classroom . I teach fourth grade . Just a fun gift to play with if your child has a big imagination .
 Got this for my daughter for christmas , she has n't played with it yet but i have ... =-RRB- ... i think the buttons to change are a little different but its a fun toy and my kid is going to LOVE it !!
 This voice changer is F.U.N. . It arrived today and my kids played with it for hours -LRB- they are 10 and 12 -RRB- and it came with a battery . Is it loud ? Yes , but what 's the point if it is quiet ?? This is for my younger nephew but I am ordering 2 more for my kids and for the adults . This is will be a blast when we have friends over !!!!
 Its just a plastic novelty toy but my daughter loves it . She got tons of things from santa but cant put this one down . She loves that she can sound so silly and we enjoy it when she sounds like a demon even though its a little creepy .
 I purchased this for a gift and it was a good choice . It works great and is fun for kids and adults too
 Bought this as a Christmas present and boy was it a hit ! All the grandkids wanted to use it . I would recommend this toy for all ages .
 This is well-worth the money and kids love it . Adults can even use these in special circumstances . Has different settings and all work well . Seems like it 's made with quality in mind .
 I bought this for my grandson who has a very vivid imagination and is always pretending to be something or other . From the good guy to the bad guy , he 's been them all . He likes to use this to play the different roles and sometimes plays more than one role !
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for my 21/2 yr old son and he loves it ! Easy to use for him after showing him how to use . The noise level is n't to bad but just so you know there is NO volume control
 loud and fun for grandson . . all the men had to give it a try . very fun for my specail needs child .
 It works great -LRB- though some settings BARELY change your voice -RRB- and my son and all his friends and cousins have played with it . It is not unbearably loud either . It has been dropped and handled by all these kids and is still in good shape .
 I bought 3 of these for my nephews for Christmas . They absolutely loved them ! Right out of the box they were able to make all the different sounds . The toys are a bit smaller than i thought . But they are a sort of novelty toy as you wont find these on the walmart shelves . They come with batteries already installed , and the shipping was very fast . Good item . Works as described .
 I play the Star Wars table-top roleplaying game -LRB- d20 Saga Edition -RRB- and I use this to do the voices for battledroids . It works perfectly . You can even do a low monster-like voice like the &#34; second voice &#34; that Mother Talzin used in the Clone Wars show that 's on Cartoon Network.There are n't any set &#34; effects &#34; just lettered switches -LRB- A through E -RRB- that effect your voice differently . By combining switches you can distort your voice in different ways . For example , by combining A and E , you will sound just like a &#34; B1 &#34; battledroid.I admit that my use of this product is very esoteric , but I thought I would review this product by showing how I personally use it in the hope that it might give a different perspective than the average review .
 After reading the reviews , I bought this thinking it would be a fun toy , but that there probably would n't be much variety in the settings -- but that 's not what I 've experienced at all ... there 's plenty of variety ! You can have your voice sound like : low pitchhigh pitchvery low pitchvery high pitchnormal + roboticlow pitch + roboticvery high pitch + roboticamplified normal voice with high pitchamplified normal voicerobotic with high pitchAnd I 've tried each of these settings
 This was bought as a birthday present for an 8 year old , and he loves it .
 My kid this for his birthday when I saw this I amazon i wanted others to know it is fun fun toy . Buy it your kids will enjoy all the different voices they can make
 It was a hit from the minute we opened the box . Even the adults wanted to try it . It works as advertised . But be prepared for much silly laughter and noise .
 I must be mad to buy this but my kids love it and its a perfect Xmas present from Santa ! Even the dads had fun playing with it . It entertained kids of ages 2 to 13yrs and was a hit .
 This is the second one we have gotten ... super fun and I have two toddlers that both drool on it and its still working .
 We 've had a lot of fun with this . Our 4-year-old son does all the talking , so this has encouraged our 2-year old boy to talk a a bit more . Definately worth the $ 12 we paid .
 Mixed reviews got ya confused?Don ' t despair if you do decide to purchase this toy and it does not work during a test run while it 's still within its packaging . Do not open it , thinking that it 's just bad batteries , just let Amazon know and they will hook ya up -LRB- via `` Returns '' -RRB- . Anyway , on ours , it was not faulty due to old batteries . It was just put together by a demented elf . The manufacture date on ours is 08/11 , which is pretty recent , so that elf could still be in the vicinity at Toysmith . A wire was pulled out , and a spring was not in properly . Just have a small screwdriver , the tinker fairy , and Crazy Glue handy.The Voices -LRB- not the ones in my head -RRB- : - Low pitch
 This is a wonderful gift , I ordered it for my 4 yr old grandson and his 19 yr old aunt loved it so much I had to order another one . I would recommend this for any age , kids or young adults will have a lot of fun !
 This is one of those toys that kids love but parents hate . I finally had to banish ours to outdoor use only ! It is loud , the voice changing is hilarious , and the kids love it ! We 've had ours for 2 + years and it still works great ! In fact , I do n't think we 've ever changed the batteries ! Very fun ... just wear earplus ! : -RRB-
 Brought this for my neice . It was the hit of the party . The adults loved it too and I believe it got its wear that night . It is durable and arrived well before schedule .
 My six year old nephew really enjoyed getting this toy for his birthday . I would recommend it for boys his age .
 My daughter wanted this for her birthday and she was not disappointed . Thrilled that it was the purple rather than the red .
 I bought 4 Voice Changer toys as Xmas gifts for my grandchildren . The kids love the toy , and I was glad I bought one for each child . Whether the parents loved them is another story , but the children had fun with them .
 Overall this is a good toy . My nieces enjoyed changing their voices right out of the box . Although there are 10 different settings , they all sound like variations on a theme . Kind of robot-y . Still , it 's pretty cool , and kids seem to love saying silly words and making their own sounds with it . It was a good purchase for my 8 and 5-year-old nieces .
 We got this for my nephew and he LOVES it . His mom on the other had has a love hate relationship with it . It keeps him entertained for hours but can be loud . All of the kids are having fun with it -LRB- all 4 -RRB- . It does do the different sounds . . So I was happy with that . and it is not broken yet so that is saying something . Yes her kids play rough with toys ... it has taken a trip down the stairs . Bottom line is it is a great fun toy for everyone !!
 While we have n't given this toy to our grandson yet , we were satisfied that it worked and think it will be fun . We 'll see ... I thought it was fun !
 The whole family loves this toy . We laugh ourselves silly . My 7 year old Granddaughter loves this toy.Thank you .
 This was a gift for my son 's 6th birthday . Everyone that steps foot into his room , grabs this and plays for hours . The sounds remind us of aliens ... . Great toy and great price .
 This voice-changer has been a huge hit with the teens I work with ! They really enjoy playing with it , and we 've had quite a few laughs over it . Several months later , it 's still fun for them , too !
 Children loved it because it has many features . They can change their voice and spent many hours playing with it .
 My 8yr old daughter loves this toy !!! It has different voice changing buttons and she pretty much enjoys playing with it !!!
 I bought this for my nephew as a christmas gift . It was a hit with everyone of all ages . Even their grandmother was playing with it .
 My son and daughter both enjoy this toy . You can adjust the five buttons to make various changes in your voice . Most end up sounding like a squeaky robot . Would like this more , if it were specific affects with each button instead of just tuning your voice . Would make it more enjoyable .
 I do n't know why other reviewers say this toy does n't work , because it does ! I bought 2 of them for Christmas , and both of them worked just fine . You can test it while still in the packaging -LRB- which I did -RRB- , so it obviously had some sort of battery in it already , and we were playing with it right out of the package . And as long as you keep your mouth close to the microphone area when talking , and hold the `` trigger '' the entire time , the changed voice is by far louder than your normal voice . You can change the settings to lots of different combinations to get different voices . My six year old nephew had a blast with this , but the funny thing is , the adults enjoyed it just as much as the kids ! It has one deep , Darth Vader-type voice , so of course all the adults wanted to say `` Luke , I am your father ! '' into it , LOL . The six year old was walking around telling everyone to `` Take me to your leader . '' in a robotic voice . It will also do high-pitched voices , and many other combos . Great fun for everyone !
 This toy is a blast for kids . It really does change your voice , and I think the different voices are distinguishable . My daughter asked for this toy for a long time before I actually bought it . She 's played with it almost nonstop since.This would be a great gift for a beloved nephew or niece who lives in another state , and whose parents you do n't especially like . Because the child will absolutely adore the toy , and it will make the parents want to gouge their own ears out with a grapefruit spoon . I made the mistake of buying it for my own child , who lives in the same house as me . Does Amazon sell grapefruit spoons ?
 We got one of these and liked it so much , we bought a second one . It has a half dozen or so switches , each with an up or down position to make various voice changes to choose from . You do have to speak closely to the mike in order for others to hear the changed voice more than your regular voice . But fun for an inexpensive toy .
 Bought these for my grandsons and their Mom and Dad , too ! My oldest grandson had one at a family gathering and we all had a ball passing it around and being silly -LRB- who does n't get a thrill out of sounding like Darth Vader -RRB- ? It is definitely fun.The only disappointment was that at $ 14.97 each , it does not come with a battery and it takes a nine volt -LRB- not something you might have handy around the house - and no borrowing from the smoke detectors allowed -RRB- ! Wish that Amazon.com had suggested the purchase of batteries . I purchased these as a gift and when they arrived in the mail the boys -LRB- 4 and 2 yrs . -RRB- were really disappointed that they had to wait until Dad got home that night with the batteries ! Buy one they are FUN .
 KIDS LOVE IT -LRB- 2.5 year old girl , 4 year old boy , 9 year old girl , 33 year old husband ! -RRB- I think he plays with it as much as the kids do.If you ca n't handle noise -LRB- this is not something you want in the house -RRB- . We paid 9.99 at TJMaxx store and they get played with daily .
 This toy is made well enough I guess . It 's just that the 10 different voice modifiers are n't that different . They all sound about the same . The boys still play with it though . We were hoping for a bit more , I guess .
 So I 've been getting into circuit bending and thought id start a little project out of this little ditty . one of the funnest projects I 've ever done ! This may be a place for normal reviews for normal usage of this toy but i just had the greatest time making this thing into a monster toy ... for all you circuit benders out there !!! BUY THIS ! YOU WONT REGRET IT !! After completely modding this toy from basic knowledge , I found that Mike Patton has basically the same one modded up less than mine ! I was stoked to see this . Satisfied consumer here !
 I brought this voice changer for my children , but I have had so much fun with it , I grab it everytime my telephone rings , I have had so much fun with it .
 I bought this for my 10 year old son just a week ago and he loves it ! including his 4 brothers and my husband!lol they spend about an hour a day imitating transformers , movie characters to ty from extreme makeover ! its very durable . i would have preferred purple , but got red . i 'm the only one that minds . overall , good toy
 I hate this toy , but my boys love it ! They play with it all the time and it drives my crazy . lol It is fun for adults to , but after months it can get on your nerves and test you patience . However its one of the few toys my 5 yr old plays with all the time . Most toys are interesting for a week or two tops but this thing never gets old to him . My 23 month old also thinks it 's a blast . We 've had it for over a year and it still works just fine despite the abuse my boys put it through . The battery cover finally would n't stay on anymore so we taped it on but I ca n't recall having to change the batteries at all after all this time and the way my kids treat toys if the battery cover is it 's only issue after over a year than this thing is one tough toy !
 I bought this for my 21 year old boyfriend ... who is a kid at heart . I did n't realize how much fun he , his father , brother , and neighbors can have with it . The huge selection of voices is n't a big plus . There are only a few voices that work really well , and outta that few there are favorite ones . If anyone is looking for the perfect gift for the someone that they do n't quite know what to get for them .
 Works as advertised . No problems so far , no derailings . If you want to build basic figure 8 layout , you 'll need one of these , one curved 18 '' radius power/rerailer piece , and 21 18 '' radius curved pieces of track -LRB- each loop consists of 11 18 '' radius pieces of track -RRB- . Once you get bored with figure 8 , try experimenting what else you can build with it . Have fun : - -RRB-
 If you 're gon na have a train with tracks , you got ta have a figure 8 . The price was reasonable as well .
 I bought this last Christmas for my -LRB- then -RRB- very active 4 year old boy . It is hands-down the favorite toy in my neighborhood for everyone . Even my 2 year old can now hang from it and swing . I believe it has been instrumental in helping with balance , agility and coordination . You should see the tricks my son & his best friends - 4 year old twin girls - have taught themselves to do!Amazing ! Hanging it was an obstacle - my husband has to climb up the tree - but you only need to do it once.It 's weathered very well - the rope and the handle are still in great condition and it was left out all winter -LRB- in NJ -RRB- !
 I bought my girls , ages 7 and 4 , this product earlier this spring . It was easy to assemble , but finding the right height at which to hang it was a fairly time consuming process . It has been up for 4 months now and has seen daily use . When our play group meets here , the kids line up to have a turn , over and over again . I would recommend this for children who are reasonably coordinated and who have enough upper body strength to hold themselves up by their hands . A very durable product and a fun physical activity .
 I tried this toy out at my friends house . It is the best ever.Every kid -LRB- 13 and under -RRB- needs to have it !!!
 My six year old daughter loves her Twizzler . In a fairly short time she 's learned how to do different things on it like swing out on it while spinning , swing around in a big circle , and swing backwards . She chooses to go out and play on it , and her swing set.The biggest challenge I had was finding the right tree and tree branch to hang it from . You need a branch that goes out a ways from the trunk , so they wont ' accidentally swing into of course , and that branch has be low enough to get your rope over . The rope that comes with the Twizzler is n't long enough to reach a branch that 's higher up.I had to use an extra rope , a tall ladder and several tosses to get ours up , but I do think it was worth the effort . She really does enjoy swinging on it .
 We have given a twizzler to each of our seven grandchildren and all of our nieces and nephews.The never wear out and the kids twirl on them into their teens .
 We have only had this for a few days . My six year old who has needed occupational therapy for fine motor skills and has been diaognosed as hyperactive loves it . I feel that it is good for building up the strength in his hands . I installed it in just a few minutes -- most of that time was spent looking for a limb of the right thickness and height in my yard . The first limb I selected was way too thick and put the Twizzler too high . Purchasers may want to take into account the thickness of the limbs they want to use as well as the height . Overall , this is a really a fun activity for my son .
 My 5 year old loves this toy ! It hangs from our tree and she gets it going in a circle and pulls up her feet and lets go ! She goes round and round ! My older 2 like it too , and all they have to do is throw it up and around the branch so it is closer to the branch , making it shorter for taller kids . When they are done , the unwrap it and it is ready for my 5 year old again .
 We purchased one of these for our kids last Christmas . Although I wanted to love the idea of this swing , I was also a bit skeptical after reading both the good and not-so-good reviews.The swing was easy to assemble , it 's durable and made of high quality materials and it 's relatively easy to hang.It 's quickly become the favorite playground toy of each of our kids -LRB- 2 girls , 1 boy -RRB- . It has been used often . It 's good for building upper body strength and it 's not a passive `` sit on it '' toy so it may not be for certain children - at least not initially if they 're lacking in physical fitness.The cons are the price -LRB- $ 34 , really ?! I want to get another but I choked on that price the first time and I am again -RRB- and it 's not a one-size-fits-all on the height . Presently it 's too tall for my 3 year old -LRB- he stands on something to reach -RRB- and too short for my 8-year old . This height disparity is why I want to buy another one.Also , not to make it sound unnecessarily dangerous , but I suppose with any swinging toy that brings out a child 's wildside , our 3-year old took a bad spill that has left him with a nice scar across his nose . He likes to spin himself helicopter style and he did so with wet hands - losing his grips and falling on his face.Anyways - this is the kind of toy I 'd have loved as a kid and our kids love it too . Cons aside , great buy for active kids .
 When our daughter outgrew her toddler swing seat , we had an empty spot open on the playset , ready for an addition . I found this twizzler while searching on Amazon and thought it looked fun . It is . Our kids and the neighbor 's kids all love it . It spins and makes them dizzy . Clean fun . Nothing more and nothing less . The only drawback is it 's not so intuitive how to install it on the high beam . And it helps to have two people getting it up
 Granted we 've only had this for about 3 weeks but it 's a big hit . My son , who turns 7 soon , absolutely loves it . He says it 's totally awesome - what better review can a kid give than that ? Yeah , the rope could have been longer , we did have to improvise by tying on an extra rope , but that was n't that big of a deal . He twizzles , swings , does tricks , has a great time on it and it 's gotten a lot of use . I do n't see it as something he 'll get bored with anytime soon . Give it a shot , I think you 'll love it !
 My kids , son 12 and daughter 9 , love to be outside . They spend a lot of time on the trampoline . The Twizler has been a great addition and keeps them active.The only drawback is having a hard time hanging it in a tree !!
 As everybody else writes ... this is the favorite of our playground equipment . Not sure why , it is a handle and a rope but I had to purchase a second because it is always fought over ! We have them hanging under our deck .
 My 5-year-old just loves this . She hangs from it and spins , with her toe on the ground . Sometimes I 'll lift her on to it and she can sit on it like a swing .
 We got this toy as a gift 3 years ago . It is such a hit with all of the kids in the neighborhood . I have 3 boys , ranging from 3-9 . Each of them loves this toy . They play with it every morning and afternoon before and after school . I feel it is very well made . My only complaint is that you will not be able to grow grass under it with all the use it will get !!!
 We hung this from the tree in our front yard and have watched the boys swing for many years ... and so do all the neighborhood friends . They all love it . We even leave it outside in the winter and they swing in the snow .
 We must admit that we were not too handy with the installation , but the instructions are clear and now that it 's hanging from a sturdy limb on the tree in our front yard , many kids from our cul-de-sac have enjoyed spinning and whirling on our new Twizzler . It 's loads of fun for kids . Just another something to keep them occupied and out of the street . Our neighbor has had the same model hanging for more than a year now , so we know it 's durable , too .
 we have 2 of these zip lines in our backyard -LRB- 55 and 100ft -RRB- for my one tentative and one fearless twin . we doctored them up a bit , added a disc swing as a seat -LRB- more stable -RRB- and pool noodle at the end for a softer stop . my kids LOVE it !
 My kids -LRB- 18 months & 3 years old -RRB- both LOVE this swing and use it daily . All the bigger cousins enjoy it , too . I was n't sure about spending the $ on it , but I 'm really glad we did . -LRB- We also made cheap versions of it with a dowel and rope for when we have lots of kids over , but they all fight over the `` good one '' because it really does work better for them . -RRB-
 It was a gift for my granddaughter . She loves it and plays with it almost every day . Although her brother and sisters .
 Our 9 and 7 year old boys love it . Not to mention Mommy too . Santa brought it for Christmas and we ca n't keep the boys off . Sant also brought an XBox - it 's feeling really lonely .
 This is built good and solid and works well if you have the right size tree or balcony to hang it from . I wish they included a longer rope , too . We are limited in where we can hang it . If you do n't mind the rope size , or are willing to purchase your own size rope separately , this product is great !
 My daughter really enjoys swinging and spinning on this thing . It occupys her for hours on end . The handle is easy to grip for small hands and feels very sturdy . It has weathered well , even with our nasty rainy weather . My only gripe is that the rope seemed a skosh short . We were n't surprised by the length or anything , its very clear how much rope it comes with , just would have liked a couple feet more if it were available . It was just barley long enough to fit on the lowest branch of our tree . That aside , this stick on a rope is surprisingly entertaining !
 i 've got two boys , ages 6 and 7 , and they really love this swing . it 's very simple , solidly built , and likely to last for a long time . they run as fast as they can , holding the swing , and leave the ground when the swing 's angle makes it higher than they can reach . then they lift their legs and swing back and forth.the only complaint is that the kids have used it so much that there is a big circle of trampled and dead grass under it . i guess that 's a product endorsement . it took a little messing around to get it to the correct height , and having that set makes the circle of dead grass ' radius lower .
 We bought this nearly 5 years ago for our -LRB- then -RRB- 6-year-old and 3-year-old . Since then , they have swung , twirled , played at trapeze -LRB- hanging precariously upside down ! -RRB- and spent more time aloft than many airline pilots . Right now , we 're trying to figure out where to get a replacement rope , since the original has begun to fray . Anyone replaced their rope here ?
 All the kids in our neighborhood love this thing . We bought it for my daughters birthday party so kids could maybe swing on it in addition to the playground set . Adults and kids were both in line to use it . And it 's so easy to install . You just need a tree and find the right limb , DONE ! We even take it down and bring it with us when we go to our parents house so our daughter can still play . Great price , great item .
 LOVE this stuff . Wish I had gone this direction in the first place instead of using the flexible track .
 Just right for our layout . Good quality Bachman delivers for any HO railroading need . Functions as advertised and connects simply
 My son and daughter are now old enough to experience my old HO trains and some new Thomas trains that Santa brought . My track after all of these years needed to get updated . I bought this track and it is well built , allows me to set up the train on all flooring surfaces including carpeting . This track is so easy to put together my 4 years helps and gets it right almost every time .
 Nothing complex about this system ... fits together easily and disconnects without harming the connection . I split a 4X8 layout from under the tree into 2 pieces and stored it so next year It will be a simple job to reassemble it .
 As the name implies very easy to work with . Simple to change design of your layout . Works great on a carpeted floor .
 They were the wrong color , I thought i ordered black . The catalog number must have been wrong . but no one see 's them but me
 I liked that they are easy to put together , and take apart , my son can use them very well , i would recomend to any one with youg kids
 Ordered the right-hand and left-hand remote switches . They were packed fine and received in good shape however the left-hand switch was defective . It would switch but not completely nor would it hold its position . This resulted in derailments . I contacted Walthers and they rushed a new one to me . I checked it out and it was fine . I sent the defective switch back to Randy at Walthers ' parts and service per his request . He noted that he 'd received a few other complaints about the left-hand .
 This is my fifth invader zim figure . And is by far the tallest . Tallest red comes with a mobile command base thingy , and a bunch of food , monitors , and connectors . Mine by luck , came with the head ON . Which was good . I 'm going to save up and end my collection with Human Disguise Zim and Gaz !
 My freind gave me this toy for Christmas and it rules ! I am a huge Zim fan and had a load of fun with this toy . I recomend it . I also recomend you watch the show on nicktoons . Do n't let anyone tell you Invader Zim is stupid because it 's not . That means you nicko !
 It was amazing I OPENED THE CAP FOR 10 SECS AND IT CLEARED OUT A ROOM!Would i order this cool prank again ? Heck yeah ! RECCOMENDED :D for anyone who has bought any stink product BETTER THAN LIQUID A ** !
 Easy model specially for beginers . Parts fit was generally good except for the bombs and centerline tank wich needed some sanding to make a smooth finish . Crease between airplane body and wings needed some putty . With about 40 parts only and with a monochrome paint it is the perfect kit for a beginer . Decals are of good quality and include instrument cluster , otherwise there is very little detail in the cockpit area .
 I bought this model when I was younger -LRB- my ISP was Compuserve back then -RRB- and was married for the first time . I was glad to see it 's still being made . So I decided to give it another try . This is a good starter kit . And the history behind this little fighter is great . It could hold it 's own against the first generation jets ! So order it , build it and get to know the history behind it . Just make sure your wife knows about this hobby before hand !
 Put this model together with my 13th year old nephew over the weekend . It looks awesome and we named itthe starfinder one . Very good quality and a challenging build for younger people interested in aviation . Lear is a legendin aviation , but to young people like my nephew , a model that he put together with his uncle will always be in his heart and he will always have it . Thank you for the great price and fast shipping . By the way we painted our jet a light gray with red pinstripsand it looks awesome !!!!! Thank you Amazon !!!!!!!!!!
 These folks worked with my special circumstances and got my Lear Jet to me in time for my Grandfather 's 90th birthday . A wish come true , thanks guys !
 My son loves Math and his school does not have an advanced math program for his grade level . I was looking for some fun ways to teach him at home without making him feel like he was `` in school '' all day . I got this set and the percent set . They are both well made and have made teaching him adbvance concepts easy and fun . My son asks to use these and finds learning math fun . I recommend this set not only to homeschoolers but to famlies looking to help their kids learn at home .
 This is a perfect set of manipulatives to model basic fractions , add and subtract fractions , find equivalent fractions , and compare fractions.This is the set to buy for three main reasons . First , the few extra dollars spent buys you a stand for comparing fraction stacks as well as some problem cards . Instantly , this turns into a learning center/intervention/take-home activity for any student . Next , the cubes snap together -LRB- pretty well -RRB- and are perfect visuals for those learning fractions . Finally , the task cards offer a wide range of challenges , and I believe it is possible to buy other task cards to use with these manipulatives.Being a fourth grade teacher , I am excited to have a tool such as this to help struggling students grasp different concepts of fractions as well as provide additional challenges for more developed students .
 The little individual autos stacked into this train car are removable so can be used as part of the scenery too . I ca n't wait to give this unique train car to my -LRB- 7 yr old -RRB- grandson for Christmas .
 Lots of detail for n scale . Fits perfect with layout . Lots of cars to use in different ways . Nice extra for trains .
 The train is small but very fun , with lots of switchers on the track to run various routes . Each individual train car is roughly 2-1/4 '' long and about 2/3 '' wide -LRB- just wide enough to accommodate a AAA battery in the engine cars -RRB- . We are enjoying it and think it will hold up pretty well for the $ 39 spent . the elevated train area is fun as is the working drawbridge and the various `` scenic areas . '' It was pretty easy to assemble as well . It does lack the creativity of track-building that Thomas , etc. allow . But , overall , this is a great next-stage train after Thomas -LRB- once kids want to run automated cars -RRB- and a great value for the money .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON 'S 6TH BIRTHDAY . HE HAS LOVED TRAINS SINCE HE WAS 2 . HE IS NOW GETTING INTO BIGGER BOY TRAINS -LRB- NO TRAINS WITH FACES ! -RRB- . HE ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS TRAIN . AS SOON AS HE OPENED IT , IT WAS LIKE THERE WERE NO OTHER PRESENTS . HE ONLY WANTED TO PLAY WITH THIS . HE EVEN TOOK IT WITH HIM ON VACATION . I WILL BE ADDING TO THIS FOR CHRISTMAS . MY 7 YEAR OLD NEPHEW HAS NEVER HAD ANY INTEREST IN TRAINS , BUT HE WANTS ONE OF THESE .
 My son saw this in the Highlights catalog and HAD to have it ! He 's a Thomas fanatic ! He loves anything and everyting TRAIN.Honestly , I was a little concerned because this is `` stepping outside of our box '' . We have all Brio , Imaginarium and Thomas the Tank Engine train sets , tracks and parts . I was actually surprised -LRB- and a little relieved -RRB- he wanted something that was n't `` Thomas '' . The one thing I did n't know -LRB- nor did he -RRB- is its actually quite small . For me , that 's a good thing ~ I 'm running out of space for all these trains ! If you 're buying for a toddler -LRB- 2 or 3 -RRB- you may want to take that into consideration . Its also very fast . He LOVES that , and likes to make the two trains crash - but may be hard for really little ones to handle . My son is 5 and in Kindergarten.I wish I had known that there are all kinds of `` expansion sets '' that go with this , because I would 've probably ordered at least one . Guess I can add on for his birthday.He thinks its the coolest - and its quite different from anything `` Thomas '' that we have . It comes with two miniature , battery operated trains , and different scenes - a city , construction site etc. I would say the only thing the manufacturer may want to do is describe it as a `` miniature '' set or something close to it . If you 're expecting a big , sprawling track you 'll be disappointed . When I first saw the box , I thought I was disappointed . I knew I liked the fact that it would save space , but I was concerned my son would n't like it . Fortunately , I was way off track ! He loves it !!!!! We 'll be adding on to it soon !
 I own 2 of the red white & blue basketball . They have a nice feel to them and as long as you get one that is not lopsided its a nice ball . The materials used seem to be lasting well outside too which is very tough to judge just buying off the rack . I once owned a Spalding synthetic leather that lasted years and years and then I buy another synthetic type that is ruined in less than a year . I dont have the time to use the ball all the time , but it has lasted long enough to get it 5 stars . If you only intend to use it indoors youll be very happy .
 Doll is mint , box is not . The design and cut of the gown is kind of severe , like for a costume parade . The beauty of this doll will only be appreciated by adult collectors , definitely for display only .
 My little boy loved this gun set , he even sleeps with it . It has real metal parts not usual plastic toys .
 I bought these for a photo project since they were so much like the cap guns I played with as a kid . Tiny plastic barrel covers aside , they were almost identical to the cap guns I had 30 years ago .
 The only thing my grandson wanted was a holster for his gun . Could n't find one , so had to get the whole sheebang.He was thrilled .
 I really enjoyed playing with it and the sounds facinate me they are just so real ! The moving chairs make it feel like a real aeroplane . The luggage you get really holds barbie accessories . This toy is a product i think every child should have for christmas !
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas when she was 3 and she plays with it all the time . Four barbies can fit into it and the sounds are great . It is hours of fun . A lot of decals to put on though so give yourself enough time .
 I have the barbie airplane . The little pieces of ice always get stuck in the plane . Buy the beetle . All in all the plane is not a good toy to play with !
 i think what the parents say is just not true see if actualy take of the peces it will be just fine its an excelent toy for any age . but i do admit the baribies dont all fit in but as i said if i store the ice cubes in and other small stuff in a small sandwich bag and keep it safly in the plane you should hae no problem so i think should buy is cause it fun , cool , and sutable for any age so i dont see why not to buy it .
 It is a really fun toy . I have had tons of fun with this great toy for any age . It 'll make you want to go on an airplane . I give this product 11 stars !
 I soooo want tthis toy !! I know it is almost 2005 and its kinda late to get it , but i want it !!! And it looks so cool and fun who would n't ???
 Good for Independent play as well as group play . I think children will enjoy long quiet play .
 The Barbie Bug has finally bitten my 6 year old , and her latest obsession -LRB- for the last three months or so -RRB- has been getting the Barbie Airplane for Christmas . Santa delivered it , and she 's not taken her hands off it since!The plane environment comes with all the goodies that any self-respecting real plane has . This includes , among other things , reclining , sliding seats -LRB- with belts and headphones ! -RRB- , luggage , real microphone & takeoff sounds -LRB- batteries required , not included -RRB- , and a whole plethora of goodies to make any trip worth it 's while . I have even seen some Airplanes come WITH a bonus of a Pilot Barbie and two other children dolls , but do n't know how commercially available these sets are.However , bear in mind that since most of the play pieces are scaled down to Barbie 's size , they can easily get lost . There is a coffee pot , mugs , glasses , pitcher , ice tongs and ice -LRB- VERRRRY small bits of ice ! -RRB- , cans of Coke and silverware . There is on-board space and nooks & crannies to store all of these goodies during takeoff and landing , including a magazine rack with ` zines and movable drink trolley -LRB- in which you can store the drinks , food , silverware , food trays and snap-on seat trays -RRB- . Just bear in mind that one good jolt to the plane can send everything flying pell-mell inside the cabin if it 's not carefully stowed.As far as interactive , creative play , the possibilities are endless , and the overall design of the toy is very detailed , especially the cockpit which is loaded with buttons , pulleys and levers -LRB- NOTE
 I agree with the others parents that wrote about this toy . My daughter received the airplane as a Christmas present last year . It was hard to find . My 5 year old loves the toy and plays with it at least once a week . We have n't had trouble with the wings falling off , but seats want to come unlatced . The main problem I have with the toy , is all the small and extra small pieces in the plane . They are so small -LRB- forks , spoons , ice cubes -RRB- that even the small children have trouble handling them . They are very easy to loose . I would give this toy alot of thought before buying it , especially the cost .
 The Barbie Airplane is the seasons best selling toy from mattel ! My daughter was so suprised and so happy when she recived the airplane for Christmas she was so happy she was about to cry ! But things turned around when we opened the package ! The airplane was very tricky to assemble ! After me struggling with it for an hour my daughter started to play . -LRB- and found it extreammly amusing -RRB- FOR THE FIRST HOUR OR SO ! It took her more time to actually put the seatbelts on and keep the pretend food trays and glasses from falling over . She got tired of having to put the seats together after they have disassembled after her long struggle to put her barbies in the seat ! That was not such a big problem , UNTIL SHE DECIDED TO PLAY WITH THE ICE ! The ice lever got stuck in place and she could not stop the ice from falling all over the floor and plane . She has one major concern
 As with most other Barbie accessory toys , the Barbie Airplane looks awesome on TV , is kind of a neat toy when your kid first plays with it , then after a few days it goes in the closet with the other Barbie toys . I was impressed with the realistic airplane cabin with the carts , trays , microwave , ice dispenser , etc. . If your child is impressed with airline travel and the job of being a stewardess , this is the toy to get . Problems were that the ice dispenser does n't hold the ice very well , and there are about 100 teeny tiny little cubes that get stuck in every little crack and indentation in the plane . Not too worry , they do vacuum up nicely from the carpet . Let 's face it , this is a plastic toy with lots of plastic parts , so do n't buy it for its durability . The wings on the tail will have to be replaced each time your child plays with it , which really is n't a big deal -- just expect them to fall off a lot . I would buy this toy again , simply because it was at the top of my 7-year-old daughter 's birthday wish list . I do wish she did n't like Barbie things quite so much , though -- I do n't feel that they are a very good value .
 I am surprised to see such positive reviews of this toy . This is not an inexpensive product and it constantly requires reassemly due to the wings falling off or the doors of the inner compartment cabinets breaking . A six year old gets tired of this rather quickly and there you have a large plastic toy that is too frustrating to play with and very difficult to store . I bought this product last Christmas when it was the toy all six year olds just had to have ! I thought I just got a lemon , but when I checked with the other mothers at school , they too were very disappointed with the plane . Many quietly disposed of the plane by spring . My daughter asked if she could give hers away to someone who might like it . I could n't think of anyone .
 What a wonderful , educational and entertaining toy ! It has so many elements of interest
 I bought his airplane for my daughter for christmas . My oldest daughter and I put it together the night that I purchased it . I have to say that this will be my daughter favorate Christmas present this year . The reason I know this is because my oldest daughter and I sat up and played with it for hours before putting it back in the box and wrapping it . The airplane comes with alot of little gagets and it will keep my children amused for hours . I cant wait for Christmas morning so we all can play again .
 Hey ! I loved this toy!Don ' t listen to these negotive Mothers w / nottin better to do then complain ! It DID NOT take FOREVER to put all the dacails on ! And I play w / it every day!I love acting out seens and doing messages on the mikraphone ! -LRB- think I spelled that wrong !! :-RRB- -RRB- I woul n't recomend it for little kids , though . -LRB- more torwards the ages of 7 + ! -RRB- But who 'd raelly get it for a little really kid?I for SURE would n't ! The wings would fall ocaissionaly , but my dad glued them and now it 's perfect!Listen I play w / it every day an I LOVE IT!SO I 'M TELLING YOU THAT YOU SHOULD BUY THIS TOY !!!!!!! : -RRB- If you listen to any reviws THIS IS THE ONE TO LISTEN TO !!!!! -LRB- TRUST ME :-RRB- !!!!! -RRB-
 I got this barbie airplaine when I was 7 years old for christmas . I thought it was the coolest thing in the world until the chairs fell out and the mini labels on everything slipped off . But overall , it is very cute and defanatly makes playing with barbies fun when barbie and ken are going on a vacation !
 My daughter is 4-years old and has played with this toy everyday since christmas .
 This is an excellent price for this ! I paid full price for it and my daughters have played with it alot . The little pieces are annoying , but I wonder why people expect it to be baby proof when I would think barbie utensils would be `` barbie size '' for barbie so common sense would tell you they are going to be kind of small . I think it is a pretty good deal overall .
 i think this toy is cool and all the things it is nicecos you have a real microphone so you can speak to the passengerskids can have lots of fun with this toy thats why i will give it5 stars
 When I sat down to play with my 6 year old , I was amazed to see how realistic the Barbie Airplane really was . It was identical to a real airplane , from its magazine selection to its stewardess cart . I really got a kick out of discovering with my child what was included in the plane . She loves it and I think it 's pretty cool too !
 I really like this toy , and so does my 3 year old daughter . I did n't put all the little pieces in it , I just put them away for later , and the tail does easily come off , if it did n't it would break , it 's not a big deal . My daughter loves it , she playes with it all the time , loves the sound of the airplane , and really loves the microphone she can talk on . I do n't have any real problems with this product , and you can always set aside the small parts .
 I purchased this item for a four year old and she LOVED it !! You do need to be wary of the very small but realistic pieces included in the set !! There are extremely tiny ice cubes and soda cans ! I just tossed them out because there are other little ones in the house ! She never missed them !! Barbie fanatics would love this toy !
 My daughter and niece got this for christmas , They still love it . It really helps thier imagination soar . We did need to glue the seats . And the ice got lost . But other than that this toy is great .
 I bought this last year for my 4 year old niece and she loved it ! I saw no problem with the wings falling off . I also did n't buy it for this bargain price , I paid full price and went to several stores to finally get it . I just bought one today for my 4 year old for Christmas , this is always a hot toy so get it now !
 This airplane has taken Barbie all over the world where I and my two young friends have had weddings , battles , dinners , etc. . It has been a wonderful toy to stimulate imaginations and creativity , and lasted well . Some of the parts are missing from the original plane , but that has n't hurt the play fun or its ability to travel faster than a flying carpet . It 's sturdy , easy to put together , and one of the best deals on air fare around . The girls love it .
 i think this toy is very fun . i think it could be educational but i do n't see how it would be . it is durable but you have to look for the little pieces .
 We decided on the Barbie Airplane as a gift for my 4 year old niece . She absolutely loved this toy and made my husband put it together for her instead of joining us at the dinner table!My only complaints are with a few of the components of the plane . Namely , the rear wings kept falling off the plane , no matter how securely we snapped them together . Also , the cabin chairs fell apart with the slightest pressure . I do think that my niece will love playing with this gift and have hours of fun with it , however , I think that her dad will also have hours of fun `` fixing it '' as Lisa put it .
 My 31/2 year old daughter loves this plane , but the tiny ice cubes spill , wings fall off etc. , which really detracts from the fun . Imagine serving a passenger and the chair falls back , ice cubes spill out all over etc. . . I found an easy solution , super glue wings , chair and all ice cubes , while still leaving some items moveable , such as the coke cans and glasses.Having done that the toy is much less frusterating for her and me . I still rate this an overall 4 stars - for its detail and durability .
 I was impressed with this toy and my daughter loves is as well . I thought Mattel were pretty good with detail but I think the ice cubes were going a bit far , but they are easily replaced with plastic craft pellets . They really need to rethink their seatbelts in all Barbie vehicles , because they are difficult to use I simply remove them . My daughter is much happier this way . Although I think I 'll need to replace the airplane ones with velcro and elastic . As for the small bits , I 've yet to see a Barbie doll or accessories without them . If the wings fall off , use it as an opportunity for a crash and evacuation . It does n't hurt to teach a child what to do in an emergency.If there are problems with a toy ask your child to think of a solution . It 's better than crying over it .
 Reading the previous reviews regarding the pateince level needed and the lack of durability with this Barbie Airplane made me strongly consider to buy it or not . However , I took a chance and bought it for my six year old niece , and ever since it arrived , she 's been loving it.It was easy to assemble and it seems durable enough to not even consider that as a factor . Yes the ice cubes are very small and easy to lose if not taken care of properely , however they can be easily replaced by using your imagination . My niece loves it and so does her friends . I am glad I bought it , and Amazon.com sure expedited the delivery . Thank you Amazon.com
 When I got this plane I was really happy . I took my Barbie dolls on lots of trips . There are really small pieces that come with it so I just keep them in a little container . That way I do n't have a mess . This is a great toy to play with . I 'm a Barbie girl in a Barbie world .
 This toy is incredibly fun to play with . I chucked away the annoying ice cubes and glasses when they started to smell and replaced them with salt crystals and thimbles . This aeroplane has a microphone to tell patients that you are landing and taking off , ice cubes , glasses , forks , knives , spoons , and a few tea trays . Also there is reclining seats that move back , with cup cans to store the small Cola and Tango cans . Comes with batteries to operate the microphone and the buttons that make taking off sounds . It is a big and chunky toy , perfect for small hands and a delight to play with.Fits up to 5 Barbies or Sindies or Bratz or even My Little Pony ! There are real seat belts with the plugs and wings and tail . There is windows to look out to the sky and fold down foot-rests . At the back is a flap for storing the 4 pink suitcases that comes with the plane.When me and my best friend played with it , we played that Barbie could travel in time with her aeroplane and was seeing the sights of the world.She went and got married first . Then she had a battle against Sindies over who had the prettiest dress . She went to balls and parties , too.Barbies are fun , creative and imaginative dolls that girls of all ages will love to play with.My sister has 18 Barbies . I have 63 ! They have spas and stuff ! Spa set 22 will fit this aeroplane in the back where they are the clip toggles to fit the suitcases to.There is a pilot cabin with pilot Barbie in -LRB- not included -RRB- There is the aeroplane gear stick and a few pink , green and red buttons and when you push them , the plane makes interesting noises and sounds.Barbie took Sindy on a ride on this plane and Sindy enjoyed it so much that she bought the plane for 123456789 Barbie cash cards ! -LRB- I made that bit up ! -RRB- Me and my sister have forever active imaginations and this toy really puts them to use!Bye !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have the barbie airplane . The little pieces of ice always get stuck in the plane . Buy the beetle . All in all the plane is not a good toy to play with !
 I got this toy when i was 8 and i love it it has a ice machine coke seats and seatbelts and microphone the seats also move with a storage so your food wont fall luggage places to put luggages its just really neat ! buy it !
 I first built this model about 40 years ago and recall the earlier version had better fitting parts and the side doors actually slid open and close . But , aside from that the model is a good challenge ; not too easy , and not too hard . The instructions are fairly accurate , but there are some errors here and there . For example , you must be certain to read them ALL the way through to the decals , otherwise you might assemble the interior and close it up before you realize that there are some decals for the instrument panel . That , however , is more my fault than the instructions . Beware of one thing , however , and this detracts from the fun by a great deal ; the seller charges almost as much for shipping as for the model itself . This is outrageous and a complete rip-off as it weighs very little and does not need rapid shipment . . really you can wait a few days as it is USPS anyway . There is little choice as all of the sellers have the same despicable practice . Next time I will go to my local model store and have them order it for me at no cost but some time . In this case the model is not always available , so I had to bite the bullet and at that had to return the first one for missing parts . Still , it sits proudly on my bookcase and reminds me of my youth ; my kids are now interested in model building too , so I have accomplished my purpose in building it .
 On the surface , David and Goliath looks like a fairly standard trick-taking card game . There are 5 suits and you must follow suit if you can . Points are generally face value . But the turn-around is that when you win a trick , you get all of the cards EXCEPT the card you won with -- the card with the highest point value . That card is given to the player who played the lowest card that round . All cards won must be displayed on the table . At the end of the game , there 's a scoring twist , in that you score the face value of the card ONLY when you have won one or two cards in that suit . If you have won more than two cards per suit , each card is worth only one point . That means in the final rounds , strategy can involve letting someone else win a trick that puts her over the two-card limit per suit and deprives her of points . David and Goliath is different , and fun , and plays quickly .
 David and Goliath is a trick taking game for 3-6 players . The rules are easy to learn but mastering the strategy of how to lead your cards , what to dump , when to take the trick and when to duck takes practice . The scoring mechanism is different enough to make the game interesting and set it apart from other popular trick taking games like spades , hearts and bridge but unlike those other games , David and Goliath scales well to a variety of group sizes and seem to play equally as well in each . While there is skill involved in the game -LRB- and serious trick taking card players will have a decided advantage -RRB- , the game does not rely on a complicated bidding system -LRB- like hearts , bridge and spades -RRB- that can scare away new players or ruin the fun for the person who has the `` newbie '' on their team . For this reason I would always choose this game to teach a newcomer to trick taking games over any other game in the trick taking genre . If you like trick taking games , pick this one up while copies are still available and you wo n't regret it .
 I bought a copy of this game after seeing it recommended by several game websites -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- being my favorite -RRB- . At first glance this game seems pretty easy , almost like a version of Uno . Cards come in different suits -LRB- colors -RRB- and range in number from 1 to 18 depending on how many people are playing . You follow suit that was played and try to win cards to increase your score . The player of the highest card gets all cards except the highest one he or she played . The player of the lowest numbered card wins the highest card . At the end of the game , if you have 1 or 2 cards of a color , you get face value of the cards . If you have 3 + of a color , you simply get the number of cards you have of that color . This means winning tricks is n't always the best way to win and in fact lower numbered cards -LRB- Davids -RRB- can beat high cards -LRB- Goliaths -RRB- . We have had a lot of fun trying out this game , especially with the twist in how you think about card games . A definite buy , especially because I believe the game may be out of print as I write this .
 we already have our card set - this was a gift - very highly recommended
 This provides for a gradual incline of you track also provides for some track tilting . It goes together easily and provides an easy incline enabling a track to pass under . Great for urban construction models .
 Not really sure as this was a gift but I am guessing that he loved it.This was an accessory that he was missing
 I bought this plane a year before I flew it because I was terrified I would crash and smash it to bits . But my fears were unfounded . I practiced on the cheap computer simulator until I could land 10 times in a row without crashing . My six sons were dieing to go fly but I insisted that I have to master the simulator before putting my $ 150 at risk . One big tip I discovered was to remember that when the plane is headed towards you , push the control to the wing that is going down . That single tip helped me master the simulator quickly.I had read that many people had re-enforced the foam structure of the plane with clear packing tape . So I bought some and carefully ran a peace all the way across the leading edge of the main wing . I further ran some along the back of the body clear to the tail where I imagined it would want to break if I flipped over hard in a deep grass landing.I waited for a calm day and went to the local park . I followed the directions to peak charge the battery with the car charger . You can tell the battery is fully charged because it is warm . I then walked out to the middle of the grassy soccer field and turned on the radio control , made sure the throttle was all the way off , and set it on the ground . I then carefully installed the warm battery into the bottom of the plane . The plane started to beep and chirp which I had not expected , but I dismissed it , and secured the velcro strap , and closed the battery door and set the plane on the ground.I tested the up/down of the elevator control , and the side-to-side of the rudder , then I revved up the motor just a bit . It scared me . My heart was pounding as I imagined crashing . But taking courage I said to myself it is just like the simulator -LRB- Almost -RRB- , really it is , I told myself . So making one more check that the trim adjustments on the radio control were centered and that the rudder and elevator seemed to be neutral when I let go of the controls , I then checked the antenna wire was over the tail not dragging under , I felt there was nothing else I could do.So I had my friend pick up the plane and told him to be ready to toss the plane like a football , slightly up , gently but firmly , once I counted down from 3 to 1 , then launch . I picked up the radio control and extended the antenna all the way , and checked to see that the ACT was ON.There he stood with my plane , perhaps the last time I would see it in one piece . I revved the engine again , which spooked my friend and then said , `` Ready ? '' He nodded . I checked the breeze which was hardly a breath of wind , but looking at the ribbon tied to the top of the antenna , I looked for a landmark which was directly into the wind , and pointed it out to my friend and said , toss it toward that house over there . Then I counted down 3 ... revved the engine full throttle , 2 ... 1 ... . Go !!! He tossed the plane perfectly and off it went . It lost about 18 inches of altitude as it took off so I adjusted the controls and it lifted gently into the sky . I was in shock but there it was flying and I was at the controls . Not bad . The plane climbed quickly at full throttle and began to turn to the left , which I was grateful for because I did not have to make it come back it just turned on it 's own and kept climbing . Then I remembered that I did not have to have it on full throttle , so I backed off the throttle a bit and it began to fly level and descend a bit so I fussed with the throttle until it seemed to be maintaining level flight . Cool ! I said to myself . I 'm flying and it did n't crash on take-off . I knew the hard part was yet to come , but I put that out of my mind and just enjoyed this first flight ever . I played with the controls to get a feel for how the plane acted in the air and discovered that the plane was NOT very responsive . This was a good thing . Full up elevator and it climbed gently . Full down elevator and it began to descend . This was good for someone as jittery a I was . The plane almost flew itself and when I moved the controls it responded slowly to my commands , so everything seemed very calm and in control.After I had been in the air for about 5 minutes I decided that I had better figure out how I was going to land . Remembering it was best to land into the wind I reduced the throttle as it looped around into the breeze . It clearly flew slower into even the gentle breeze and took less throttle to stay in the air . I throttled back up to come around for another approach . Terrified of landing towards me I decided it would be best to land across in front of me from right to left into the wind . That way I would n't get my lefts and rights mixed up and crash . As I came around the second time I decided to land and cut the throttle all the way to nothing . The plane continued to glide gentle , and it continued and continued , and just stayed in the air for a long time . It passed by me and continued to fly - no throttle and was a long ways from me when it finally approached the ground . It was so far way I feared I could not see well enough , so I throttled back up full power and climbed back into the sky so I could come around for one more try.This time I cut the throttle while the plane was still behind me and about 70 feet up . As it came around I intentionally dropped the nose so it was closer to the ground , 20 ft , 10 ft , 5 ft. . . I tried to flare it or pull the nose up at the last minute but did it a little too soon , and it stalled about 3 feet off the ground and dropped rather hard down to the grass , and nosed over , upside down . My sons ran to the plane to see if it was okay.Fortunately , the plane was just fine . What a relief !! First flight and no damage . I was instantly transformed into an experienced RC flier.I have since flown the plane a dozen or more times , without incident . Once on a breezy day which was very stressful . The wind makes flying much much much more difficult.I let my 13 yr old son take the controls once and he got himself into trouble flying too close to the baseball backstop . He tried to hand me the controls but not before he hit the fence . I shook my head and realized that I needed to put the 10 in a row successful landing requirements on my sons as well or it would be the end of the plane . Upon inspection we found the prop was broken , the front cowling was cracked , and there was a 1/2 inch dent at the very tip of the wing , just passed where I had put packing tape.We went home and I fixed the dent with a cotton ball and some packing tape . Put on the other prop and have had many successful fights since.Try as I would I found it very difficult to land without flipping over in the grass . So I bought the larger wheels and some hub locks to keep the wheels vertical . This makes landing much more fun . I can land smoothly now and more often than not I have perfect landings.Now with more confidence I have adjusted the controls on the plane so they are more aggressive and can do loops much easier . More responsive also means more dramatic responses from the controls . Make sure you feel very comfortable with the mellow flights before you make this adjustment.Overall , It is a great plane . First flight to many flights later it is a ton of fun . I highly recommend this plane . I now fly without the ACT so I can do more aggressive tricks . The ACT cuts the motor when you seem to be out of control and tries to keep the plan in a smooth level flight . All good things if you are a beginner.Tons of fun and you wo n't be sorry.One thought . Now that I know much more and have found this to be a very fun hobby I have found that for a bit more money you can get a much better radio -LRB- with a short antenna -RRB- and better on-board controls and electronics . This upgrade makes the electronics transferable to other planes or a plane you might build yourself . The electronics in the Super Cub are very basic yet sufficient . I 'm not sure I will ever transfer the electronics to another plane this plane has met my needs perfectly . I might feel differently if I crash and smash it to bits.Be sure to train on a flight simulator or say goodbye to your plane.E-sky 4 Ch Flight Simulator Training Kit for Airplanes and Helicopters w / USB Port
 I have to say , this is an excellent first plane to learn how to fly on . Simple 3 channel controls , durable and very forgiving design if you crash it , and you can still do acrobatics with it once your skill increases . For an electric plane , the battery supplied with it gives you a good 10 min . fly time if you keep the throttle maxed , and at least 2-4 min . more if you cut it back a little to cruise around . I crashed this thing plenty when I first started , had even had a crack in the fuselage , nothing some exopy did n't fix , plane still flies like new . The big wing and powerful engine makes take off easy and if you run out of juice a little far out from landing it glides well . I highly recommend this for anybody wanting to get into RC flying , or somebody who just wants a cool park flyer to mess around with .
 I bought a Firebird Commander 2 a year ago just as a stepping point into R/C and decided to graduate to a 3 channel capable of doing some acrobatics . The Super Cub fits the bill well . Its nimble enough and durable enough to make flight fun and repairs reasonable . After a couple of flights with the Anti-Crash software enabled I was able to shut it off with the flick of a switch and fly without any software protection . I moved the push rods for more control of my elevators and rudder so now I 'm turning much tighter and the plane is growing with my skills . Do n't even think about it for a second longer ... treat yourself and BUY THIS PLANE !!
 Had always wanted to fly RC planes from childhood , but never had the opportunity . Recently the old flame was rekindled and went online looking for the best RC plane that could get one flying from novice level immediately . Gosh ! The Super Cub exceeded my expectations . Yes I spent the first 2 weeks practicing on the recommended flight simulator -LRB- FMS -RRB- till I was pretty confident that I wont make a mess of things . I also included high wind speeds in simulations as I live in a very windy area -LRB- Anguilla BWI with average windspeeds of 13-25MPH -RRB- . My first flight wasnt so successful as a huge wind gust caused me to nose dive and broke the prop . That couldnt spoil my day . By my second flight , I was up and away . What a wonderful plane . See it perform at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZLNf-_Awgw
 Just like they advertise , I bought this aircraft because I wanted to learn some slightly more advanced flying on an aircraft that did n't look like a flying stick . This plane delivers in every area . For not having any ailerons it is quite nimble and its overpowered engine makes tricks like loops easily achievable . My impatience for a fine day to fly caught me doing taxi runs down the street at my parents house . This caused me to break one of the two props that came with it . I also roughed up the wing a bit , but since then Ive had nothing but great flying with great control and durability and recommend it to all my friends . I cant wait to get the laser tag attachment !
 I have a Super Cub and the Firebird Freedom from Hobbyzone . They are both good airplanes but very different . The Cub is much slower and heavier but easier to fly and with a much better gliding , and easier to hand launch . The Cub can also fly at much slower speeds so its easier to land and its got a nice realistic appearance . The Firebird Freedom requires high speed landings and more runways to land and take off safe by making it harder or just for a little more experienced pilot . The Freedom is more durable . The wings are its only weak spots basically if you hit them hard . Other than that I do n't know what else can break . The Cub will break since is all foam . Propeller will break if you do n't land well . The Freedom will make better loops , speeds , climb faster , more resistant to any g force , and handle the wind better . The Freedom Can Not turn in the ground and the landing gear is very unstable and weak and almost useless on the grass . If you land and stopped very far I guess I have to walk . The Cub will not land far because it is slower and if it does i can turn and roll it towards me . After flying the Freedom for years the Cub is super easy for me to fly NEVER CRASHED . They both have goods and bads so i cant really say which one i like better . Both use same battery which is a very big plus .
 Great RC airplane . I had no previous experience and flew it with 10 mph wind the second day until battery ran out . If inexperience like me buy extra propellers .
 I gave this to my son for Xmas and he is thrilled . We have n't used it yet because it is too cold and snowy where we live
 Ok everyone is terrified to crash because of the money spent , well I 'll tell you I 've made some very beginner mistakes and my plane has taken a beating -LRB- and I mean beating !! -RRB- I 've gotten to be a much better flyer and I do n't want to move on to another plane I have such a blast with this .1 . ACT does it 's job it saved me more then I could tell you .2 . Parts are unbelieveably cheap . -LRB- A new fuselage with all the electronics is only 65 , wings 20 , motor 10 ca n't beat that -RRB- 3 . For the beginner it 's perfect cause it 's very simple to repair just look at it and you 'll understand how to fix stuff on it .4 . Very sturdy flyer not squirly at all and when ACT is off you really can do tricks with it .5 . Very easy to put together all you have to do is put on the wings tail assembly and landing gear and is ready to fly as soon as you charge the battery.I can not say enough good things about this plane for beginners . You will not be disappointed with this plane .
 I had gotten a Yellow Bee from Harbor Freight -LRB- on sale for $ 30 -RRB- for Christmas and ended up only getting about 10 minutes of total flight time out of it because it was so difficult to control -LRB- 2 channel controls motors for turns - no elevator or rudder control -RRB- . I started looking at other planes at the hobby shop and talked to the guy that worked there . Asked him about the Supper Cub and he gave it a really good review . Went to another hobby shop - same thing . In fact the second guy I talked to learned on the Supper Cub and said that he enjoys flying it more then his other more expensive planes.Anyways I as fortunate and found a used on in great shape on Craig 's list and talked the wife into letting me buy it . I have taken it out 3 times and have about 45 minutes of flight time . It is super easy to fly.I did crash once but that was because it was windy outside and I should n't have been flying in that kind of wind anyway . I broke the wing but it only cost $ 20 to replace . Props are $ 3 each . Also I recommend getting the more powerful 9.6 Volt battery as it really make a difference in giving the plane more power.I really like this plane and look forward to learning to do tricks with it .
 As noted by all the other reviewers , the Super Cub is a great plane for beginners and novices . It 's durable and has a large 480 size electric motor and propeller . See the other reviews for all the details.It does n't include the newer technology brushless motor or Li-Po battery though.What no one mentioned however is that anyone thinking this kit contains EVERYTHING a beginner needs to `` teach yourself to fly '' is in for considerable frustration and expense . The included manual gives only rudimentary flying instructions and the CD is basically good just for preparing the plane for flight . Without the help of someone experienced in flying a radio controlled plane , it is virtually impossible for a novice to fly any R/C plane without subsequent crashes and even possible complete loss of the plane.Successfully flying this or any R/C plane requires significant training , skill , and quick reflexes as well as considerable open space -LRB- something like 20 acres or more -RRB- , smooth takeoff runway -LRB- we 're talking golf green or better -RRB- , and decent landing area . In some ways learning to fly an R/C is more difficult than a real airplane since your view is third person , outside , and the plane 's movements can be very quick and erratic.Thinking a 12 year old can just be let loose with this kit and somehow learn to fly is naive at best . The promotional material with this kit is just not accurate.With those precautions in mind , beginners can have realistic expectations as well as a lot of fun with this Super Cub learning to fly.Update 10-16-08 : Here 's a recommendation for true beginners in radio controlled airplanes-try the Multiplex Easy Star ! Now that is finally a plane that actually works ! With the propeller in the back you do n't have to worry about busted props . And with its giant wings , it almost flies itself .
 I bought this kit for my 11-year old nephew , mainly because it was complete with radio and batteries . I could have spent the time to build him a trainer from balsa , but the `` flies right out of the box '' potential of the three channel Super Cub was a real attraction . Buy it on Friday ; fly on Saturday afternoon.Included with this kit is an instructional DVD , an excellent learning tool . The foam components of the cubby go together cleanly and precisely . It was comforting to know that every component is replaceable for a reasonable cost.This radio system features an interesting Anti-Crash Technology , ACT , a failsafe procedure , if you get into trouble . Theoretically , the Super Cub will sense its flight attitude and straighten out . Be advised that you must get your trembling thumbs off the stick before ACT kicks in . Also , altitude is your friend
 The SC is a very easy to fly airplane . Right out of the box I flew two battery packs through it with out crashing . The only very small complaint is that the landing gear is not very durable . They tend to bend very easily , but you can reinforce them with a couple of mods . That is the only reason I gave 4 stars for durability.This is a slow aircraft which is what you want as a beginner . This gives you plenty of time to correct your mistakes you make with the controls.Like the other reviews said , if you do break it , the replacement parts are cheap and readily available.If you are looking for an inexpensive way to get into the RC Airplane hobby then get the SC . When you master it and start to get bored with it , there are tons of mods you can do to it to keep you challenged .
 Years Past I flew a few sailplanes , but not much luck w/powered flights , then came the Electric Super Cub , Great Trainer , Very Durable , mines still flying , took extreme abuse during learning sessions ... 1 . Nice Size - Highly Visible - Painted mine all Yellow , glows ... 2 . Flys S L O W , Majestic , looks like a real plane in flight . .3 . Durability , excels here , My wing snapped into , Ducktaped with matching balance wrap , Fuselage broken as treed several days , Ducktape again , still Flys Beautifully , amazing piece of work ... 4 . Fly in zero winds on maiden flights , keep the wings level and do n't stahl ... 5 . Later can do ground take-offs , handles them easily . .6 . I fly mine high due perhaps from past sailplanes , reaches altitudes quickly , keep it near overhead , do n't go downwind . .7 . Aerobatics , looks too normal in flight , tho will handle a loop , I enjoy the smooth flights , love this plane ... < > . .8 . Suggest a pilot on first flights , but several have mastered it on their own , your best chance is with Super Cub ... 9 . Plus 100 Flights , showing its badges of courage , earned each one , I consider them a tribute to a geat flyer . .10 . Check the reviews on this one , its a number one trainer ... what are your waiting for ... WARREN . . < > . .
 Excellent trainer . Very durable for an RC plane . Good control . Out of the three RC plane that I have tried - the Megatech Airstriker , and the Hobbyzone Phantom - this was the best . I am no pro , but I have had a lot of fun flying this with my brother . Got it caught up in the trees several times , as well as rammed it front first into the ground at considerable speed . Though I have had to replace some parts and do repairs , there was nothing major . Have had a number of flights , and this thing still keeps going . Great plane , get it !
 If you are thinking about getting a trainer . Get this one . It 's the best ! Nearly indestructible , super easy and cheap to fix , fun to fly , big in size and fun too!Within an hour I was doing loops and touch and gos . The anti-crash technology really does work , you just need enough altitude for it to have time to do it 's job . It saved me many times . The control surfaces can be adjusted for more aggressive handling and tricks . It looks and sounds goods flying too . It takes off from smooth surfaces nicely and solo hand launches are very easy and risk free . It climbs well , and glides nicely too.The plane itself does incredibly well with all kinds of terrible landings , crash landings and roll overs . The body and wings easily survived a hard nose dive into the ground ! I flew it hard into a big evergreen tree , with the motor running full bore as it chopped it 's way down to the ground , and it was fine except the motor . You can beat the heck out of this plane and keep it in the air for minimal repair costs . However , the motor does not do well hitting things hard and will be damaged from a straight on impact objects . But as motors are only $ 10.50 and are easily replaced , it is not really a big deal . Keep a spare one on hand . A new motor is like two Starbucks mochas , and the motor will last longer and bring more fun than the mochas ! All parts for this plane are super cheap , available at my local store or on line and easy to swap out . This is perhaps the best part . You can wreck it time and again and wo n't have to pay a lot to restore it to flying condition.It 's made of foam which you might think is cheap . But the truth is that this is the best material for a trainer . It is strong and will easily tolerate abuse that balsa plains would disintegrate from . Why destroy all your hard work when you can learn to fly relaxed knowing a bad crash is easily recovered from for $ 10 to $ 30 . Many crashes will result in no damage at all - it just depends on what part hit what surface . The motor is the most fragile part in my experience.For $ 160 , it 's a great value.What else to get with it ? You 'll probably want a total of 3 batteries and two 12v chargers so that you can fly without having to stop flying waiting for charges to finish up . Fly one battery and be charging two at the same time . Buy a few spare props , motor and cowl as you 'll certainly damage them if you 're new at this . I would also put bigger wheels on it so it can roll on rough grass surfaces without nosing into the grass.The Super Cub is a five star plane , and I 'm a picky guy who 's demanding . If I am satisfied , it means it is really good !
 I first wanted to get into R/C flying 20 years ago , but lacked the time , patience , and skills needed to hand-build an airplane , particularly knowing there was a good chance it would experience crashes as I learned to fly . The Super Cub -- using technology that did n't even exist 5 years ago -- was the perfect plane for me to finally enter this hobby.The Super Cub comes completely ready to go . It flys extremely well -LRB- almost on its own -RRB- and could not be easier to repair should a mistake occur . Indeed , it is hard to image a way to accidentally damage it such that it could not be quickly fixed with five minute epoxy or clear packing tape.I learned two things after I bought mine . First , there is an incredible amount of useful information about this plane and R/C flying generally on sites like `` rcgroups '' dot `` com '' . Second , at almost any local R/C club you can find an experienced flyer who will happily teach you all the basics you need to know . After one afternoon with a volunteer instructor , I could solo the Super Cub with no trouble.Note
 This was my first radio controlled airplane and I was nervous about flying it . After reading the enclosed instructions and watching the video CD I had more confidence and flew it the first time without incident . The Super Cub is easy to assemble and the included battery gave me 12 to 15 minutes of flight depending on how much throttle I used . The plane was easy to slow for landing . Since that first flight I have crashed the Super Cub a few times -LRB- after getting careless -RRB- but after a few quick repairs with a little tape and glue it was back flying again . This plane is a joy to fly and I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 My two and four year old both enjoy this ! They see it more as a ball , however , I show them where our family lives on it .
 This globe is just perfect for our homeschool ! Bright and colorful , clearly labeled ... very inexpensive ! We are very pleased with the quality . We needed a globe for our studies and this one `` fit the bill '' and did n't blow our budget .
 This is a very affordable and fun way to teach geography to kids . I 've had it for about two years with mild use , and it has held up . However , with frequent use , I can see this thing developing a tear.The material is like a cheap beach ball , and it inflates in the same way . I could never get a nice sphere , but it 's pretty close.The printing could be a little better , but most things are clear enough .
 My nephew liked it right away because it was an inflatable ball , but I liked it because it provides important visual information to support his understanding of what the world looks like in 3 dimensions .
 For what you are getting , it 's slightly overpriced . I am happy with it , though . The kids have been very rough with it , and it 's holding up nicely . The details on the map are n't great , but it serves the purpose that I wanted , which was to show the perspective , and relation of the continents , oceans , and major countries . I would recommend to others . Last real globe I got the kids insisted on using it as a ball and broke it . I figured this is a nice alternative , that they can actually use as a ball .
 This inflatable globe is smaller than I expected and not perfectly round , but it 's been fun in the pool for the kids . I 've caught them exploring the different countries when they are n't playing with it , so it 's serving it 's educational purpose well .
 We bought this for my three-year-old daughter -- she drags it and throws it all over the house and it 's durable enough that I 'm not worried about it popping . She pulls it out all the time and asks where different family members -LRB- and Disneyland -RRB- are .
 From what I can tell , it appears to be pretty good . Once you push in the nozzle used for inflating the globe , it is VERY difficult to get out . I could not pull it out with my fingers . I actually had to use a pair of needle nosed pliers to pull it out so I could deflate it . Perhaps once it has been opened and closed a few times it might be easier . Also , it is not perfectly round . The way it is manufactured necessitates it to have seams which does not allow it to be perfectly round . Although it did take a long time from from the time I placed the order to when it finally came in . I missed the date that I needed it most , but had it for the second date a week later . In any case , it worked for my purposes and probably worth the money .
 This was purchased for my Astronomy class and it is easy to blow up and works just fine . In good condition .
 Well , we bought this for use with an atlas , to help illustrate how big the world is for our 4 year old . Of course , my husband and 2 sons use it as a volleyball as often as we use it for learning . It 's actually stood up to the battering quite well , which is nice , and there 's enough detail on it to pick out a country and read up on it in our atlas when we 're feeling intellectual . So it 's been a good buy all around .
 This is exactly what I expected except that I bought it off of the Made in USA section from Amazon , and after I blew it up , it clearly says made in China .
 I purchased this for my first grader because I wanted to teach her geography in a fun way . The ball itself inflates easily enough to the size of a beach ball and is lightweight enough to play with inside the house . I made up a simple game where I would throw the ball at her while asking her to find a certain country , sea / ocean etc. . She would do the same as she threw the ball at me . This actually kept us occupied for awhile until she got tired of looking for the names.I 'm not sure how accurate this globe is , but my main objective here is to get her familiar with the names of the major countries of the world , their location , as well as the names of the oceans , seas , etc. and this ball fits the bill nicely .
 I purchased this as an educational tool for my daughters and they love it . It 's a great alternative to purchasing an expensive globe for children . This one has everything they need to learn , and best of all they can easily hold it in their hands as they search the globe . It 's durable too . I 've found it to be thicker than a typical beach ball . I 'm very happy with my purchase . Great product .
 I originally bought this for my students in my earth science class , but it turned out not to work for the project I was doing , so instead I gave it to my five year old step-son and he loves to play with it and toss it around . It 's a good tool to teach kids the continents .
 Absolutely worthy , it fits the description and my expectation ! it also has the kit to repair the globe in case of holes . Satisfied .
 My daughter loves my husband 's globe , but it is a solid wood nice one . She 's obsessed with learning where we leave and where various family and friends live so we purchased this . She loves looking at all of the places and telling us things about them like &#34; That 's England ! It 's PINK ! &#34; . She also loves playing catch with it !
 This is not a perfect circle like a globe . However , children can understand the geography and locating countires . It 's an inexpensive tool to use to teach !
 My son liked this so much , he has two of them , one for each house . The plastic is thicker than a normal beach ball and pretty durable .
 it 's a fun , ball globe , great to have around when your looking for places around the world . also fun ball for kids to play around with !
 I am a teacher and bought the inflatable globes for my classroom . They are much less expensive than typical globes and have all the information on them that elementary students need for geography lessons . My students really like them .
 Some flaws are : - does not hold air enough to keep its spherical shape ; - the globe is not really spherical but rather edgy ; - there are a few misprints in city names ; Other than that , excellent buy , 4 stars considering the price of it .
 Carrying a globe with us is not always an option , but this is an easy to carry inflatable ball . It does n't have the great detail on it , but there is enough to show my children where different places are in the world . It is a pretty strong vinyl ball - stronger than most beach balls .
 As we prepare to head off to Thailand with the Peace Corps the globes we purchased -LRB- 5 -RRB- will serve both as an educational and an emotional link for our grandchildren to know where we are . In addition we are taking two of the globes with us to use as teaching tools during our English teaching adventures with Thai children . Where do we come from and where are they in relation to it . Great item . Easy to pack . Seems fairly durable for the hands of children .
 This globe was purchased for my -LRB- 4 year old -RRB- daughter to show her the dimensions of the world around her . I had the very same globe during my youth and I remember the many benifits , from a geographical stand point , the product brought . Additionally , as I travel to differnt foreign destinations , my daughter is able to grasp the physical distance of my travel . I would recommend this product for children of all ages as it can be both a fun toy and learning tool .
 I bought this for my 22 month old daughter and after just a few days of playing with it , she can already point and say some of the continent names . It looks just like a real globe . Would highly recommend this to anyone of any age .
 I bought this for my daughter as part of her birthday present when she turned 2 ... and she LOVES it . We point to where Grandad and Nanie live overseas and where we live , and where our other friends live elsewhere ... and she enjoys it very much . She makes a plan motion when she says she is visiting grandad and can find it on the globe ! It is a lot of fun , especially if you are in to travel or have family or friends overseas ! Great toy !
 Although this is meant as a toy , it is a completely adequate inexpensive globe ... pretty up-to-date political boundaries and all .
 We often purchase globes for remote schools and libraries around the world . For many locations , however , it is impossible to transport these items safely , so this is the perfect solution . I use these in presentations and to educate students on the global village we live in !
 Ordered this for my then 4 month old grandson . Looks just like a real globe and just ca n't wait for my grandson to ask his father the million that my son asked me about where this and where that is . A great learning toy with accurate production of this old world .
 This is a wonderful product for children . My son is very young so he only enjoys it as a colorful ball but as he grows up i 'm hoping he will notice it more and more as a globe . The size is great for children of all ages and seems to be pretty sturdy . I love the plastic ring thing attached to the top of it , because it allows me to hang it while my son can hit the call lying down . The one thing I did n't like is the quality of plastic . It has that plastic smell for a while , but I washed it before blowing it up and seems to have done the trick as the smell is no longer there .
 These worked just fine for an activity I needed on a Sunday . Thanks to Prime , I could order them on Thursday and have them on time . Thanks for having a great selection on the things we need - and getting them to us fast for those last minute needs !
 As a teacher , I like to find interesting ways to engage kids in learning . The kids love to catch the ball and find continents , oceans , countries , etc. .
 This is a well made product . It reminds you of a beach ball but when it arrives you find it is much thicker and more durable than most beach balls . Also , if you are the least bit worried about the print being unclear and hard to read because it 's stamped on an inflatable globe , do n't be . It 's clear as a bell and a wonderful learning tool for little ones . My 4 year old was asking me questions that would be SO much easier to answer if I had a globe yet , I did n't want to sink a ton of money into a fancy globe . Also , he 's not old enough to have interest in it EVERY day so this was the PERFECT solution .
 This globe is a `` blow up '' globe that can be reused again and again . It easily folds up and can be carried in a pocket . It is made of tough beach ball material.I bought it to take to a farming village in the jungle in northeast Luzon in the Philippines , and there was no way I had room for a regular globe in my luggage . This blow up globe was perfect for the long , rough trip . I used it to show the people I was visiting where I live , and where their village is , because they had never seen a map before . The globe was useful for showing where the typhoons that hit their village come from , how close the Philippines is to other countries , and whatnot.I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the individual US states are not shown on the map of the US , so I had to draw in California with a ball point pen . Otherwise , this globe is a real handy , portable teaching tool . It also comes with a repare kit in case you pop it .
 This is a quality product . Good detail . Holds air well , ready to blow up and hang from attached loop . An excellent buy .
 I bought several of these for use at our church . They are an excellent alternative to a standard globe . I did n't want to spend a bunch of money on regular globes , and we do n't have a lot of room to store them . These globes can be deflated and easily stored when they 're not in use . Also , if you are using them in a classroom , and you want a child to identify a country on the globe , you can simple throw it to them . Believe it or not , we did n't have any trouble with the kids getting rambunctious with it , but it did keep their interest .
 I was looking for inflatable globes to send to some rural schools in Africa . The school room furnishings are sparse and have few teaching aids , yet much learning is happening there . The children speak very good English.I searched the internet for days and read all the reviews , trying to find the best globe out there . I finally ordered 1 of each style . The Learning Resources globe is the best , by far!It is durable , colorful , inflates to an almost perfectly round shape , holds it 's air , is easy to read and has a plastic loop for hanging . It comes with a hanging cord and a patch repair kit . It is a beautiful globe . I wish it came in 16 inch size.When inflated , all the other globes are `` squat ' and irregular in appearance , not round . They look like a peeled tamgerine.All of the globes have the countries marked but none of them have the states marked . . I suspect , not enough room for the print .
 This is a great globe to teach geography to children . The names are printed very clearly . They do stink though , but that should go away with time .
 Purchased 2 globes for my grandchildren -LRB- ages 6 and 4 -RRB- as a reference while their dad isin Afghanistan . After they were inflated , kicking the globe was fun for them without anydamage , thus far ! The older keeps hers on her dresser and the other one keeps his whereverhe decides to put it or kick it.The only disappointment for me is the latitudinal lines do not meet at the seam . But , no big deal!For the price and purpose of the globes , they are very good . At least , thus far !!
 We got this for my 3 yr olds as a way to play and learn about the world . I love having a globe to reference that only takes up space when it 's inflated , and the kids love using it as a ball and then finding things on it . My one complaint is that the states in the US are n't outlined - but of course that matters to me since I live there ! My husband pointed out that states in other countries are n't outlined , either . : -RRB-
 My toddler uses this as a kick ball ; however , my preschooler can identify and find different countries/continents . This is a fun way to learn about the world .
 I got this for my children because I am traveling out of the country and wanted them to know where I was going . This is a great product and cheap !
 I bought this for my four year-old because he wanted a globe and I did n't want to waste money buying a real globe that he would destroy . When I got it in and inflated it ; I found that it would make a really great classroom tool as well . It has a little hoop on the top of it so that it could be suspended from the ceiling . I plan to buy a pair -LRB- political and topographical -RRB- for my sixth grade classroom .
 I bought it for my 3.5 yrs son.He loved it.He know where is our native , He enjoyed it.He is learning a lot from it.Like seas , Inlands , Continents.It is inflatable , so no need to worry about it 's and our kid 's safety .
 This is a must have for all pre-K kids . It makes it easy to explain where countries are they hear about . I find my 3 year old studying it . It is very durable & fun to toss around to . Who said learning ca n't be fun . This is so much more fun than the traditional stationary globes . If someone wonders where a country , ocean , or continent is we toss -LRB- literally -RRB- the globe and the learning and fun begins . It is very easy to read and up to date .
 The globe is durable , has a plastic hook on top of the globe for you to hang on a ceiling , and is made of good quality material . Even my 10 month old enjoys it . It ' a great resources to use to learn about the world . I recommend it .
 Absolutely you ca n't buy a better globe for the money . It 's tough , like everyone else has said . Clear , bright geography , and about the size of a basketball -LRB- maybe a little smaller -RRB- . As far as fun it 's about as fun as a beach ball , but I wo n't let my kids use it like that . I bought it for the geographical information only . My kids came from China and I wanted them to get a good idea where their birth country is in relation to the Unites States . Very educational and more practical then a globe in a stand . Very easy to take anyplace you might want to take it .
 Not sure where the 1 to 3 star reviews are coming from . The quality is VERY good ... especially for $ 5 . It has survived use by two young elementary age children AND one cub scout den . Like most things , if you use it for its intended purpose , it will last a long time . The printing is easy to read . And considering how often some country somewhere is changing its name , I just could n't see paying much for a globe . I like it and my kid 's like it . We play a game . . where I give them the country name , and a hint where to find it . I then throw it to them , and they have to try to find it quickly . Hard to do that with a more expensive globe .
 I got this for my 4 year old for Christmas because he loves looking at maps . He liked it . We only had it for a month or so when my 5 year old found a push pin and poked about 25 holes all over it . So ... . it 's not durable enough for THAT . : -RRB-
 It 's been a month or so and still full of air ! Very clear continents and countries . Fun to slap around like a beach ball and to name the country your fingers land on when you catch it . We love it !
 It 's smelled like new plastic from the factory when I first opened it . However , the smell went away in a few days . It 's a good size . It 's not too big and not too small . The picture and letters on the balloon are clear .
 The materials are fine but the printing is very hard to read . We mostly got it to show our son how the sun works so readability was n't a big deal .
 I bought this to explain to my kiddo about night and day and for him to visualize the earth rotation , and why it 's sunny here when it 's dark in asia . I do n't need it to last a long time , but it served a purpose for a good price .
 It 's a little smaller than I expected , but that is my fault because the size -LRB- 12 inches diameter -RRB- is listed right in the description . For those who want a comparable size reference , it is probably about the same size as a bowling ball.I like the fact that all the countries and the US states and Canadian provinces are all labeled and that everything is clear and easy to read . My daughter is due to be born next month , so this thing is probably going to sit on her bookshelf for a while , but I am hoping she will absorb some knowledge by playing with this ball through the years . In terms of build quality , it seems to be very sturdy and made with the same thickness of plastic as a typical beach ball .
 I hung this up from my son 's ceiling , so it 's more of a learning tool , than a toy . We do n't play with it , so I 'm not sure how durable it is . It just hangs from the ceiling and occasionaly comes down when I 'm asked where a place is . Out of all the globes I was looking for , this was definatley the best for the value . I just wanted something to be able to show him where a place was without paying $ 100 's on an expensive globe . Good product .
 A way to educate your kids and have fun too . For the most part , it is geographically correct , there are a couple of slight errors . But , if you are just wanting to cover the basics , and have fun doing it , this is probably the best inflatable globe out there !
 Good product , out dated , but useful for helping students understand latitude , longitude , great circle route , north and south etc. . I bought 10 , 9/10 stay inflated really well , one has a leak somewhere , so I use that as the teacher demo . They arrived on time and have been used daily in my classroom . Was a great way to create a hands on learning tool for kids .
 My granddaughters spent the summer in Germany . We had this inflatable globe at their welcome home party so their friends could see how far away Germany is .
 We made up a game for the children to play which has them naming names of countries on the globe . This is a rather fun prop in this game and works very well . I know our game is played across many homes and schools in America . This globe is durable enough , inexpensive enough that you can buy several .
 This is a really pretty globe with very bright , vibrant color -LRB- the picture does n't do it justice -RRB- . My daughter is two and interested in globes . We decided this would be a good basic introduction to geography for her while still being fun . The ball blows up with some moderate effort using the good old wind pipes . We like it !
 I bought an inflatable globe about 4 years ago for my then college freshman son . Little did I know he would LOVE the globe so much . He kept it all through college until a pet put a hole in it . I 've been looking for a replacement for 2 years - he is out of college now but since he has traveled to many countries and his major is International Studies , I wanted to get another one . I finally saw this one on Amazon - thanks for carrying this item ! So ... I think this is a great gift for anyone in college -LRB- or out -RRB- who loves to travel or is interested in the `` international scene '' .
 I bought this for my 4 year old . We have a lot of fun pointing out different countries . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it seems to deflate a little bit and keeps needing blown up again . I do n't know if there is a little hole , or if there is a leak in the mouth piece , but it 's not really that bothersome .
 I bought this for a child on a giving tree at the mall . Her interests were beach toys and learning toys ... I would say that this fits both catagories nicely .
 I purchased this product for my preschoolers . Great learning tool at a valued price ! The ball stays inflated for a very long period .
 My only complaint is that the longitude degree reference point are not on the Prime Meridian . Instead the markers are on the opposite side of the globe . The package arrived just on time as promised .
 If you do n't have an extra $ 45 kicking around to buy a &#34; real &#34; globe , this is a good option , better than buying a tiny cheaper &#34; real globe . &#34; You can actually read the city names plainly , and most states in the US have a few cities listed so there 's hope you can approximate where you live on the planet -- a huge deal for little kids!The vinyl is really thick and the repair kit is nice to have on hand in case . It 's so great that they included the kit with the globe ! Just the same , I told my children this is n't a play ball , but a school tool . They 've respected that and the fact that it 's way up high on a shelf . Considering they 'll need an up-to-date globe by the time they 're in higher grades -LRB- countries change names/borders , etc. -RRB- this is a good first globe for the younger grades .
 We love throwing it back and forth and joking that we 've got the whole world in our hands . I view this as a fun introduction to learning about geography . We can point to where we live and other family and friends live and associate that education with fun by throwing the ball around . Great purchase .
 We got this to help teach our 4-year-old about night and day and how the world turns as well as help her see where daddy goes on his myriad business trips . It has greatly increased her understanding of what the world actually looks like compared to flat maps . It is a great , cheap alternative to expensive globes and I do n't have to feel bad letting my kids play with it because even if they do break it , I 'm only out a few bucks .
 Good quality . Has stood up to some good playing and learning ! Graphics are what you would expect for the size and price .
 It 's shocking how many people do n't know where anything is on the planet . When I was growing up we had maps and globes in every relative 's house . That is how I learned geography -- I was so incredibly bored at Aunt Zelda 's house with no TV or Barbie to play with that I looked at the globe for hours . Most kids are interested in learning , especially if we do n't force it , but rather let them discover it.My son is five and loves this ball . He picks it up , brings it to me , closes his eyes and points to an area , for example Yemen , or Tanzania , or Finland . Then we look it up -LRB- encyclopedia , computer , atlas -RRB- and find out what they grow , export , make ; what the weather is like , the people , government , whatever . I always learn something too . It 's a great game but it does n't feel forced . Try it . Put a globe around and your kids will ask you about it . It 's great .
 Excellent toy ! Very high quality material used for this inflatable globe . My 4 yr old learnt all the continents and countries with the help of this globe . we still use it as a reference to find some countries or even the smallest islands . Very detailed , so a beginner will need some help to locate some countries at first . But as the child grows and he learns to read and understand the globe , this ball becomes more and more useful . It is not something you would have to throw away after a while . So it 's worth every single penny . I have also used this globe along with a flash light , to demonstrate how the earth rotates on it 's axis and around the sun . The globe is as large as a standard inflatable beach ball . Beautyful , high quality colors and clear letters help them read and remember . The blue background makes it easy for them to remember that those are the oceans.My son has also used this globe to kick around indoors and there have been no damages . Its been about a year -LRB- or more -RRB- since we have had this and it 's still as good as new . One of the best purchases ever made !
 I came up with a game for my nephew using this globe . The person holding the globe has to name a place and toss it to someone else . The catcher then needs to find that place on the map . For obscure places we use hints like what continent it 's on .
 We bought this to teach our 5 year old some basic geography and this definitely fits the bill . It is the size of a small beach ball - a little bit larger than a basketball . It is easy to blow up and you can hang it or leave it down to allow the children to play with as they learn the continents . This is not a detailed globe but for a five dollar inflatable globe it is great . You can easily cover the continents and countries of the world . Some of the countries are not the most up-to-date , such as several in Africa but again this is more for general purposes . The United States is not broken down by the states , which is the biggest draw back in my opinion . This is a good starting point globe for young children but a more expensive one would be necessary for older children or children who already have a good grasp on geography . I would recommend this globe as an introductory world view lesson but keep in mind that it is very inexpensive as globes go so you will not get the details on this as you would if you paid for a nice 50 dollar globe . With that said , we are very happy with this for our five year old .
 My son and I are just getting into rocketeering . He is 6 and this kit was fantastic . Everything we needed . We had 8 successful launches before the rocket did n't separate . Well worth the cost of fun .
 Engines and all support pieces arrived in pack and worked just fine . Provided many successful rocket launches without any issues .
 I loved that my daughter was able to personalize her piggy bank . It 's very tiny though , she already had money and change saved up so when we out the money in there , it was pretty full . Very sturdy , has n't proven yet
 My kids ; 3 and 7 , love projects . This was perfect for them . They got to paint , re-paint , and paint it again until all the paint was used . It was a project success - it was easy , it had lots of paint , it still looked like a pig when finished , and yes , it could actually be used as a piggy bank after . There was pain of a lot of differant colors and some with sparkles -LRB- everyone loved that part -RRB- . I also washed the pig once prior to the paint drying and had the the kidski paint it again!We did ' t test how well the ceramic pig would hold up on a drop-test onto our stone floors.The not so great . The pig is really small - a few inches at best . This did n't matter in the least to us.If you want to create an heirloom , this may/may not be it . If you are looking for something fun to do , quick and easy , and can benefit from little supervision , this is a great one-time project .
 I bought this for my 3 year old son . He loved to paint it ! It is very small . Much smaller than I thought it would be . But for a first piggy bank it is good !
 This was a great craft at a good price . Everything was included and then you were able to just throw everything away without clean up .
 the girl I gave it to was very pleased with it and did her &#34; artistic &#34; work on the piggy and now show it off to everyone
 I bought this as part of a bday present for a craft-loving 5yr old . It 's about the size of a softball . It looked bigger to me in the picture , so I was surprised but at $ 5 it 's what I should have expected . Nonetheless it 's very cute and I 'm sure the bday girl will enjoy decorating it . The packaging makes it look like a nice gift add-on too ! I have prime shipping , and it arrived in 2 days as promised !
 I have always been a great fan of Melissa & Dougs products . I bought this for my daughter and she just loves it . I highly recommend .
 alright so the only problem is that when i received the box containing the bloo plushie , it was already talking , thus it was not a surprise for my son . that being said he likes it , he can throw it and kick it and bloo exclaims a random non-sequitur like `` i 'm sooooo bored '' . if you like things that talk when you abuse them go for it .
 The sections of track arrived on time and undamaged . Good transaction with Amazon - as usual.Assembling N-scale track is finicky . Often the two pieces end up misaligned vertically . I found the best way is to place the two pieces being assembled upside down on a smooth , hard surface such as a counter top . Then slowly press the two pieces together while pressing them firmly down against the counter top at the area of the joint being connected . Wiggle the two pieces while pressing them together and the connection will end up perfectly aligned with no ` bump ' in one track at the joint . Large sections of a layout can be assembled this way but handle these large sections with extra care to avoid bending when moving or carrying them .
 What 's there to say about track?It goes together well -LRB- a great improvement over the older style non-roadbed-track for us amateurs ! -RRB- , and works well . Slide the pieces together , and make sure the rails have connected properly , and you 're off . It really is very simple to put together and take apart and put back together again . Once assembled , the track does n't wiggle around so much that the pieces come apart , which the older style used to do unless they were tacked down.EZ track is exactly that -- easy !
 These track sections are of the same quality as the track in the sets . The plastic roadbed locks the sections together so the metal clips can do their job of carrying electricity . Well made . ... Mark
 It adds to the set as it contrast the curved track that came with the set . good quality and great price .
 I enjoy the 5 inch straight n scale e-z track by bachmann . I did not want ho scale e-z track by bachmann .
 Still in the box for now - awaiting for the train track to be completed - very soon . Happy NYear
 good price good service . Haven ' ; t used the tracks but bought them so I can spread out my layout for next Christmas .
 We gave the Rescue Pets Border Collie and theRescue Pets Sheepdogto our then 2 and 5 year old kids last year for Christmas . They both still pull the dogs out to play with them . My now 3 year old daughter still loves this dog . She has taken it on car trips and to church with her . The toy will either whimper and cry or bark happily while wagging it 's tail and moving it 's head . The good thing for the parents is that you can also turn it off . So bringing it to church was ok . My daughter now wants the one with the alarm clock on the collar .
 I love the little house . I did n't realize it was almost completely built , but that 's fine . I will be painting it and giving it that weathered look in keeping with the rest of the train set .
 As part of the Take Along Thomas and Friends series , Fergus is an interesting little dark blue engine . My 2 year old son can handle these smaller versions better than the wooden ones , and they are more affordable . It 's unfortunate that more of the sets for this series are n't available from Amazon .
 Great toy . Does not fit on wooden tracks . This is a dicass train . Very durable .
 My granddaughter is facinated with `` Thomas '' and friends , so I ordered the little die-cast take-along trains `` Fergus '' and `` James '' for her 3rd birthday . Claire loves them ! I will probably order more in the series . They connect magnetically , so she can pull or push them together . How fun !
 Bought it for my 2 year old and he loved it . . He has several other Thomas and friends take along toys and this was a great addition . Would recommend it for boys who love trains and want to take it with him as it is small for little hands to carry .
 So far , I have reviewed at least 15 wooden trains , and now I have just begun reviewing Take Along Trains . They are durable , smaller and cheaper than the wooden trains , and they 're portable enough to take everywhere!The first one I am reviewing is Fergus . In the Thomas stories , Fergus is a small dark blue railway traction engine who was saved from scrap by Salty . He was used to power the lighthouse when the generator blew out . Reliable and useful , Fergus is always ready to help out in case of an emergency.If you are looking for a railway set for your child that 's not too expensive , but is also pretty durable , you certainly can not go wrong with the Take Along Thomas railway . Choose Fergus or any of the other engines . They are loads of fun !
 This train is the small train that drives on the gray tracks . It is too small to drive on the regular wooden tracks .
 I was looking for a small cute locomotive to head up the table train when our neighborhood plays Mexican Train dominoes . This fits the bill . Just the right size & cute .
 My son loves anything Thomas so this is a hit in our house . It rolls smoothly on his tracks and works well with the other trains . LOVE IT !
 This is a very cute train from the thomas the train sets , the top wheel even turns with the bottom wheels , my son loves it and he enjoys playing with it , as it is die cast metal , I am sure it will last for many years to come .
 This farm house was just amazing with the beautiful detail it even had little curtains on the windows -- the outhouse was precious . Bought these for my roommates N gage train set and he was most pleased !!
 ur savin alot of money buyin this 6 packs and 15 promos!and for the guy that made the last two reviews ... no one thinks ur funny and people with an iq actullay uses a toilet to take a crap in .
 Thus um is am good beal . It is so reckin cheap . I bought it and used it for some dog food adn usd tenen for a craphole for me to poop in . Buy this contraption . It is more useful than u thunk .
 We used the Alice in Wonderland figurines as a cake topper for my daughter 's Mad Hatter Tea Party ~ PERFECT!Nice quality , and arrived promptly & in great condition !
 Ok , a couple of things first . Amazon categorizes this as a toy , and asks about educational value and durability . These do n't really apply as it is a model kit . Second the photo is wrong , I believe that is of a HO kit . The shed is a different configuration , and no figures are included . Try doing an internet search for Model Power 1517 for a better image.As a basic kit , it 's a classic . I believe that this kit has been around for forty years or so , from the early days of N Scale . The kit is molded in five colors -LRB- the box says six -RRB- and it typical ` German ' N scale practice of things like window frames being molded in contrasting colors , with roof and walls of reasonably realistic colors . As such if you can cut the parts of the sprues and use styrene cement , you can get a presentable model.If you are a more experienced modeler , painting and detailing , adding ground cover to the bases can crank it up a couple of notches.Architecturally , this is an interesting looking kit , with a mixture of stone and board walls , a couple of sheds and some changes in elevation.The main barn building is about 33/4 '' x 23/4 '' x 4 '' tall . On it 's base with sheds it 's about 7 '' x 7 '' . The chicken coop is about 21/4 '' x 1 '' , 3 '' x 17/8 '' on it 's base.There are more detailed and specific barn kits available , but the combination of good value and familiarity -LRB- I purchased this to do a version of a similar farm scene on an acquaintances layout -RRB- make it a good choice .
 Lego kicked a major goal with this set . If you 're a soccer fan and a Lego enthusiast , this is a great set for you . We 're gearing up for FIFA and ordered this set to start getting us excited -LRB- and it 's worked -RRB- - it 's a blast ! Highly Recommended !
 This is a fun lighthearted card game . Playtime was only about an hour . It is fun to be a villain and be able to play cards like `` Blow up the Bridge '' . The best part is that since it is a card game I can beat my husband the super gamer . I wish there were more female characters to chose from . The sequel has one more with awesome powers !
 When I read up on the Millennium Wars series , I did n't believe that a game that was described as suitable for entry-level could hold my interest . I sat through a demo at a convention , and it blew me away ! Here was a wargame that is so streamlined and well thought-out that a non-gamer can enjoy it , but so deep and thorough that it captivates me , and I 'm as hard core of a wargamer as they come ! In many ways , this game is a simulation . It creates a solid depiction of how a second Korean war would likely unfold , and the types of challenges faced by both sides . The best part about the game is the special abilities some of units have , from psychological operations , air-land coordination , self-supply , infiltration , etc. . If you are a wargamer , and like speculative titles , buy it . If you are new to wargaming , and want to try it out , this is an excellent first or second step . At $ 20 a shot , these titles are some of the best bargains in the industry .
 For wargamers with limited time like myself , the Millennium Wars series is the Holy Grail . While simple , the games are cetainly not simplistic , providing tremendous depth to each of the topics they cover . The games are suitable for beginners -LRB- with a bit of intestinal fortitude -RRB- and old-timers alike . Each title deals with a potential conflict in the near future , and given the doctrine of preemption , could n't be more more timely . That said , these games are less toys than they are competitive studies of hypothetical real-world conflicts designed for consumption by interested civilians . That they are being used as training tools in some military schools only lends credibility to them . Highly recommended .
 it should good if the pack had more amount of product more than 1 oz .
 This sample kit is just the thing if you are just beginning , or wanting to try your hand at using polymer clay before investing in larger , more expensive sizes of clay . It is easy to work with , and perfect if you only need a `` little '' bit of a specific color . It 's a nice variety of colors and will be enough to make a good number of projects if you are not needing large quantities of a specific color . It 's also a good buy if you are planning on mixing colors , or needing a number of different colors for a particular project . It has a matte finish when baked , not `` shiny '' but you can gloss them later if needed . My only `` issue '' is that the color name and/or number is not labeled on the individual blocks , so if you are trying to add them to your other inventory , especially if you have other brands of clay , you will have to either label them yourself or keep them separate .
 My 12-year-old granddaughter was delighted with the variety of colors . She had so much fun , she is now hooked on polymer clay .
 This was my first polymer clay purchase and Im very happy with it . I love using this clay ! Alot of fun . And the price was good for all the colours you get in the pack .
 I have already ordered the new pound of this product and I am very pleased . Colors so vivid you can not believe it is real . The product is very soft when you 're working with him and is very solid as the Plastics after baking.I also love to mix colors to produce the ideal color I want and it turns out exactly as I want.You can also make thin thread and small items . But during baking shapes are softer and can be bent under its own weight considered this - PS
 I had ordered this for my daughter , and she had great fun.She was only concerned if the clay came out rough and flaky.Luckily , it did not.Also , unlike some other clays , this does not air-dry . It only dries when baked.Also , it rolls into a nice neat little ball.I touched one of her clay balls , and boy , was it smooth.Unlike Play-dough , it does not crumble.Play-dough is very frustrating to stick , as it might unfold.Over-all , she had great fun with her clay !
 My six year old loves to create , and this clay has opened his mind a lot . I now have a house full of little monsters , robots , even some beads too . The colors do not bleed into the other colors , so you can mix and shape all you want and still have vibrant colors !
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas . This is a really good buy . You get a good amount and there is a nice variety .
 Small sample sizes gives you enough to do a few project with without buying a lot of one color and not liking it . Wide variety for all your clay project !! LOVE IT !!! : -RRB-
 This is a good product for sculpting fine details . It bakes hard and can be used for just about any craft . I would recommend using a separate toaster oven outdoors to bake it though , because it does contain PVC -LRB- a plastic -RRB- , which you do n't want in an oven used for food . Also , take care not to get it on surfaces , as it may stain .
 I had gotten this as a gift for my daughter and she loves Sculpey because it does n't dry out and the colors stay true after baking it . Thank you for a quality product at a fair price .
 Gave this item as a gift for a child who does many crafts . This item has a great assortment of colors .
 With all these colors you can come up with any color you need . Use them alone or mix -LRB- easily -RRB- to creat the perfect color . Great price and quick , quick delivery .
 Learned to make beads at a Women 's Retreat . Just had to get some clay to make more . Probably should have checked locally first , but this item arrived quickly and was just as described .
 I want to thank you nvery mush for my lether case and polly clay and tools i just love them all.You sent them so very fast thank you very mush Caroline
 No hab&iacute;a tenido la oportunidad de conseguir este material en mi pa&iacute;s , y es excelente para la artesan&iacute;a , es novedosa y f&aacute;cil de usar para crear las m&aacute;s creativas piezas y figuras.Excelente producto!From Venezuela !
 I have way more time that I should to be bothering with writing dumb reviews that require more effort than I would ever put in for a review .
 A fun item for the kids to get creative with . Easy clean up . Good variety of colors , and better value in this bigger package .
 If you are looking for a lot of colors for a great price , this is the sample pack to get ! All of the colors are fresh and the clay is easy to work . The order arrived quickly and was exactly as promised .
 I bought this because of a Google + Hangout with libraries sponsored by MAKE . Though I have n't used it yet , every expert on that demonstration session had good things to say about Sculpy . The color variety is wide and I look forward to baking a few wonderful creations .
 I love this stuff ! The only down side is that the packages were n't labeled so I could n't tell which white was the translucent clay .
 My kids love the schulpey clay . Hours of creating unique things . The best part is that they are virtually unbreakable once baked .
 I was expecting a box that look like the picture they provided , instead I got a different one . It 's all the same colors as displayed , just different packaging . That 's the only downside I did n't like
 Birthday gift that was well received . Reasonable price with a variety of colored clay bricks . Not much else to say other that for the price , it was fine .
 My grand daughter & I had a wonderful day playing with this clay . We made button & beads , baked them and kept them . We ca n't wait to get together again and make more things .
 Bought this for my daughter , she has made a lot of cute stuffs & quality of clay is really good . My daughter enjoy it & want to buy some more ... : -RRB-
 We bought this sampler pack for some project time with the kiddos . They love using the clay , even though it 's a bit stiff . We made beads and baked them , then assembled bracelets from our beads , and fun project for them .
 I bought two of these for my daughters for Christmas . It 's a really good starter box , but pretty quickly we were making a list of colors they wanted more of . It at least had enough colors to keep them interested and working along without fighting .
 Our 10 year old has spent hours using this clay . We bought her a lot of clay supplies for Xmas and a tackle box to organize it in . By far the best present for her .
 my son uses these to make clay models . he was very happy . seems to go along way . some colors were sparkly
 I was using craftsmart brand clay before I got this and my fingerprints would always leave marks in the clay . But this clay does n't do that ! I also love the assortment of colors in this pack . Great Product !
 They are tiny , but they are bendable easy to work . Great colors and you receive a lot of them . Different but you receive naturals and colors . Some even with glitter . A little to expensive in the price .
 This is SOFT clay and it is great colors ! I have bought the Fimo brand before and it is super hard to roll out ... leaves your hands bruised ! This is extremely soft and holds up just as well ! I LOVE IT !
 I had never heard of Sculpey before I purchased this sampler . My daughter loves it . She 's made a lot of cute scupltures and a few pieces of jewelry . I give it 5 starts and will definitely purchase more Sculpey in the future !
 We bought this so that we could get an idea of what the colours actually looked like . We intend to use it as a buying guide for any future purchases . It is also very handy for when you only need a little pinch of a colour for some detailing . Saves you having to buy a whole block .
 I would recommend this product for anyone who is interested in working with polymer clay . it is exactly what it looks like in the picture . It is very soft and easy to work with for what ever your needs are . I would suggest getting a surface that is dedicated for polymer clay use because it WILL stain some surfaces . I have a plastic mat that I use it easily wipes off . I love this product it was worth it . happy crafting : -RRB-
 This track is a blast . There are so many options , and the cars are screaming fast . Under 12 will most likely need adult supervision , at least to put it together and show the nuances of slot car racing . For instances , you ca n't just `` floor it . '' While the cars are tough , they will eventually break if you continually fly off the track and into your basement wall at full speed over and over . :-RRB- You just need to learn how to navigate curves , when to go fast , and when to slow down . Getting four people racing at once is a treat . Highly recommended .
 This is an extraordinary reason to play with family or friends . At first it 's a bit difficult to control the cars because their speed , but soon learn to control them is incredible . I play with my kids , 6 and 3 years old , and they would have won some races because it is easy for them to control the cars.I bought a piece that allows me to count the laps of the race and makes the race more fun determining the winner.All you have is to keep those parts and trucks so you can keep track in good condition.It 's a lot of fun with all family and friends !!
 Bought this for our 2 year old daughter and me to play with . Lots of fun . Dont worry about the age thing , with a little supervision she does fine with it . Its fun to watch the 2-yo tell me that the ` pickup shoes need cleaning ' when the cars get jerky and then proceed to clean it with eraser.The cars are fast .
 My grandson , and his dad had a blast playing with this ! -LRB- grami , pap , mom , and sister loved it also !!!! -RRB-
 If you did n't have slot cars yourself as a kid , here are some things to keep in mind . The reason the sets are for 8 and up is that there is some patience , maintenence , and care involved . This is a good set for durability within the genre , but slot cars are n't made to be indestructible.Slot cars are best for the budding mechanic , the child who will enjoy the fact that you have to keep the metal contacts on the track and the car clean to get the best performance , who likes that you have to have just the right pressure on the trigger to get the car going fast without crashing , who is a reasonably good sport , who will take it as a matter of course that you ca n't walk on the track , and so on . It is also an activity that is by far the best if you have someone of like mind to share it with.Our not-quite-seven year old twins got a set like this for Christmas , and they enjoy it , but they need help to keep the experience fun . They are also patient for their age , liking to focus on one activity for a long time . If you 're buying for younger kids like this , though , you need an adult who is going to enjoy the patience required both by the kids and with the toy itself . -LRB- With the pay-off that the grown-ups can play with it by themselves when the kids go to bed . -RRB- I would never buy this for a child of any age , even if there was going to be supervision , if there was the goal that they 'd `` learn '' patience and all the rest . It would be more frustrating than fun for a kid without natural inclinations in that direction.Also , slot cars are the most likely to be used if there ia a large surface available to put the set up and leave it for some length of time without tripping over it or having it tampered with by younger -LRB- or perhaps I should say less mature -RRB- children . The best would be a big piece of plywood for the set , set down on a carpet to save the knees .
 Excellent product ! Whether your a slot car hobbyist or just introducing yourself to the fun of slot car racing , this set is a great deal to either increase your stock or get yourself started . The G-Plus cars included are some of the best cars on the market .
 This is arguably the best HO-scale slot car set on the market . Though it is on the expensive side , it is a good value for money and big enough that you might not feel the need to buy additional track or sets.The biggest selling point for me is that it is a four lane track . On two lane tracks , someone is always having to wait their turn to drive , or the two cars end up on opposite ends of the track and rarely race head to head . With three or four cars , the action gets considerably more fun . However , this set can be used to build an enormous two lane track , too , if that 's what you want.Additionally , this track is large enough to be interesting with varying size corners and some nice straights , but not so big that the cars rarely pass one another -LRB- see the `` AFX Giant Raceway '' for an example of too much of a good thing -RRB- . It is possible to upgrade a two lane set to four lanes at a later time , but doing so usually involves buying a lot of specialty track to match the insides or outsides of the corner pieces you already have , and that can get expensive . So , if you want four lanes , start here -- it will be much more economical in the long run.The only down side of this set is that the bodies on the F1/CART/Indy style cars are somewhat fragile , and the wings will almost certainly get broken with enough abuse . If this set is for younger children , buy one of AFX 's closed-wheel cars for them to bang on .
 New to slot car racing , never owned or used one before.Bought this after reading the reviews which were all good.Not at all disapponited and in fact was quite surprised with the overall size of the track when assembled - I could n't believe all that track fit in the little box the set came in.When setup the length of the track is quite impressive - especially to someone new to slot car racing . Setup of the tracks is quite easy but it does take some time.Also , it 's great that this is 4 lanes so 4 people can `` play '' at the same time.Set is complete with 4 cars and everything else to make them run together - no need to purchase anything else to get this set up and running.Everything worked perfectly , no problems with any of the cars controllers , tracks or power cords .
 My grown sons and I had much fun reliving old times when we set up the race set . We enjoyed the variety of international races and found it to be totally satisfactory . I had concern that the wiring connections would be `` spotty '' but my fears were unfounded . Great purchase .
 This is a great set to start out with . The cars alone go for $ 21.00 each , and you get 4 of them . If your thinking of getting back into the hobby , this is a good way to go , then do your R&D on the net to find out more .
 My husband thought this was a great gift for our 3 and a half year old . I think that if it says caution
 This set is such a great value . the cars included are worth more than half the price before even considering the large amount of track it comes with . If you are looking for a HO scale slot car set , look no further .
 We bought this track for our 5 year old son who has the need for speed . This really fit the bill . Even though I believe the age range says it 's for 8 and up , it can be used by younger children who have good hand control . This track can be formed into a lot of different tracks and you can make it race 2 cars or up to 4 side by side . If you race 2 , it can be a HUGE track . This was a great purchase for our son and his parents .
 This was a reward to my 7 year old son for working all summer on his reading skills . He spends countless hours playing with it . I like the number of set ups that you can do with it ; overall the entire set is well engineereed .
 My kids love to look at flashcards . This series has both beautiful photos and educational informational . Taken care of , these will be useful and interesting for years .
 I 'm always looking for compact toys and such that can be used during a road trip . We 're not big fans of electronic toys that get kids in a mindset of `` the only thing I want to do is use a computer or video game . '' We want our kids to explore the world around them , enjoy learning , and develop skills that are applicable beyond computers . So , we do n't just give them a gameboy type toy for the car rides . The kids really liked these animal cards and after we had gone through them a few times , we created an impromptu memory game with them in the car !
 I bought this for my daughter 's 13 birthday party . She called her friends ahead of time to make sure they could be there . She passed out her invites the next day . We played with all girls and it was wondeful ! They all arrived on time in costume and were very excited as none of them had ever played a game like this before ! It was a little confusing at first so we got off to a slow start , but once they got into it ... wow !! They did NOT want to stop !! I alloted 4 hours , time for food and presents , but still we only needed about 3 . It was really fun !!
 We played this game at my 12th birthday party - it was a blast ! No one knew who the culprit was until the very end - which kept everybody guessing & interested . My mom planned a luau for the event , and we took breaks between rounds with the different meal courses - that was a perfect arrangement . The game took us about 4 hours to complete , but the time passed so quickly because of the great fun ! For folks who might have a bit of trouble reading , this may not be the game for you - as all of the game -LRB- except for the guesssing -RRB- has to be read from the booklets . You 'll have the most fun if everyone really gets into it & dresses up & are natural Drama Queens & Kings !
 I was invited to a birthday party and we did this mystery there . I was assigned the part of Koushpa Tater . I loved dressing up for my charecter . Everyone had a such a great time . It made me want to do a teen mystery for my birthday . One of the best things about this mystery is that your charecter turns out to be pretty different than what your invitation says . I think the company should make more mysteries like this .
 I went to my friends house for this party and it was so much fun ! I went as Dexter Terristrial ! It was sort of scary in a fun way by the end we were not wanting to go home ! I think the invitations were really cool and the player manuals were too ! I think you should get this I have had Hot times at Hollywood High and I thik this one is much better !
 I went to a friends party and had so much fun ! Everyone thought it was themselves . no one figered it out , we had to revel it then everyone said I thought it was her !! Arter the party we all talked about it Sheree said I didnt think it was me -LSB- she was the alien -RSB-
 I just bought this game and I am planning to have the party soon . I drew parts and I will play Twyla Zoan . I can not wait . I am just wondering how the conversation will flow and how the clues work . I think it will be a lot of fun . I hope everyone dresses up . I 'm planning to serve the right food and make it seem like a luau !
 I 'm a therapist and have these puppets in the my office ... they 're so cute and the kids really enjoy them ! I 've had them for about 8 months and it was just last week that one of the strands of hair on the dad 's head came loose ... overall , they have been very durable !
 I recently started collecting devil duckies . This yellow devil duckie is cute as cute can be . Watch out though , this critter is n't your average yellow rubber duckie . He has horns and is constantly up to no good . He may not be as tough as Tattooed Devil Duckie or eccentric as Pirate Devil Duckie but Yellow Devil Duckie is just as tough and cute as his cousins in the devil duckie family .
 I collect rubber ducks , I added this one to my collection , all the Devil Ducks are a wonderful quality and adorable product .
 I 've hosted almost all of the How to Host a Murder party games and this one is one of the best . The characters are easy to get into , the solution is relatively solvable , and the story flows very well . If you 're sensitive about the content , this one has much less `` adult-oriented '' themes than the other games . By the way , skip the recommended lamb recipe - it 's too exotic for most tastes . Also , try playing it with a group of people who are either into acting or solving mysteries - one or two people who are n't into it can really bring everyone 's spirits down . A must for actors or mystery lovers !
 This is the third game in this series my friends and I have played , and it is our favorite so far . -LRB- We would rank them -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` It 's the Pits , '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Good , Bad & Guilty , '' and -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` Last Train From Paris . '' -RRB- Although some of the costumes were difficult to come by , it has some great characters that do n't require great acting skills . Also , this one was easier to follow and to solve than the other two we have played -LRB- half of the guests solved it -RRB- , but it was not too easy . Although this game is not as `` adult-oriented '' as the `` Good , Bad & Guilty , '' I still do not think I would recommend it for younger teens . Warning
 I love these mysteries so much , I ca n't get enough of them . I 've done 4 others besides this one
 I have played three different How To Host a Murder games and regardless of the ` plot ' the ONLY way you will have fun is if your guests ` get into it ' . Invite your most out-going , gregarious , outragous friends you have and it will be a blast . I had the good fortune of hosting my first party with college friends - most of whom were Drama Major 's - needless to say , the party was a success . In fact , they were ad-libbing -LRB- within the character 's boundaries , of course -RRB- so much the game took much longer than expected and half way through we ` took the characters/party out to dinner ' . Mix up your usual set of party/dinner guests and invite the ones who will ` add to the experience ' . Also , Open The Box and Read The Instructions before sending out the invitations . Lots of suggestions for costumes , creating the mood , etc.Durablity is only one star because Once you 've played the game , there is no sense holding on to it - pass it on to a thrift shop or a group of friends that were NOT at the party .
 Me and some friends did this murder mystery yesterday night , and i can honestly say that it was excellent . In the host guide it suggested lamb-yuck ! - so we did homemade mac and cheese , ceaser salad , warm rolls , then pumpkin cheesecake and boklava , and everyone ate everything.Nobody guessed the murderer-but one piece of advice is to explore every lead . There are a lot of false leads , and we lulled ourselves into thinking we 'd answered every lead-but we had n't . However , there were some problems.There were a lot of complicated things , like a trapdoor , that I did n't understand until later this morning . Go slowly , especially in the last two rounds and be very careful that you investigate carefully.But overall , this was excellent , and i highly , highly , reccomend . It was the best in this series I have ever done . Also , pick people who know each other well , because it 'll be more fun that way!The most complicated characters with lots of stuff that was hard to understand were Conrad Iver , Hamilton Macctor , Missy , and Anne , so pick kind of smart people for those parts.The other characters were all good , and the conceals were really cool!Also , do n't do The Duke 's Descent , b/c it was really bad!It develops good `` people skiills . ''
 As a reward for a milestone accomplishment , my daughter requested a toy camera . To make good on my promise , I began searching for a good camera to buy . Believe it or not , this is a far more difficult task than it sounds ! Most I found were actual real 35mm film cameras . Others were digital and quite expensive and fragile for a 3 year old . We found a Little Tykes one at a local TRU that was in the shape of a monkey face . It had pictures of animals in the view finder that changed every time you pushed the button and made noises an comments based on what kind of animal was shown . It even winked each time you pressed the button.It seemed kind of cool , but when I showed it to my daughter , she 'd have nothing to do with it . `` It 's not a camera , it 's a monkey , mommy ! '' she also did n't like the fact that it made sounds.Bottom line is , she wanted a toy that looked more or less like the real thing and did n't do the pretending for her , and this was the one that fit the bill . It requires no batteries , and it actually looks like a camera , not some cutsie rendition of a camera . The fact that it actually spits out Polaroid-like pictures is a bonus for my daughter , since she had plenty of fun playing with just the camera . As with any toy , there are some plusses and minuses , and I 'll attempt to list them here : Plusses :1 -RRB- The most `` realistic '' toy camera I 've found2 -RRB- Does not need batteries3 -RRB- No annoying noises ! Hooray ! 4 -RRB- Pictures are laminated inserts in a plastic frame . These pictures can be turned over and drawn on with crayons -LRB- and subsequently wiped off -RRB- , or simply replaced with family photos .5 -RRB- Extremely durable . This toy was dropped several times and even fallen on by a husky friend , and does n't look worse for the wear .6 -RRB- Has a strap so the camera can be worn around the neck -LRB- my daughter liked this feature -RRB- . Minuses :1 -RRB- Button to eject the pictures is a little hard to push for little fingers at first . My daughter and her friend eventually got it , but only after an hour or so of fiddling and playing with it . Putting in three or four pictures at a time instead of the maximum five seems to make the button a little easier to push . -LRB- probably the main reason I did n't give this toy five stars -RRB- 2 -RRB- There is a slight learning curve to load the pictures into the camera . My daughter and her friend eventually got it , but they still needed a little help from time to time .3 -RRB- The strap that goes around the child 's neck has a safety break on it . This is a good safety feature , but the problem with it is that it breaks if the child starts jumping around . This is n't a big problem , since all you need to do is snap the bead back together.So there it is . This is a good toy for a child with an active imagination and wants things just like mommy 's or daddy 's , but not so good for one who expects a lot of bells and whistles . Hope this helps !
 This camera is very sturdy and my 3 yr old loves it . It comes with 10 polaroid pictures -LRB- 5 are in the camera -RRB- . The camera can only hold five at a time . That is how many I allow my child to play with when he wants to put them back in the camera ... which is all the time . He loves it , however , I could not give excellent marks because the button you push to take the picture is too difficult for him to press down . This is frustrating to him , and me because I then have to do it for him . Good concept ... just needs a little tweaking .
 I really like this toy . I 'm a therapist and preschool teacher so I have used it as is and have also switched out the pictures for ones of my students or other vocabulary I wanted them to learn . They love the surprise of seeing what photo is coming out next and will play with it over and over . The problems with the toy are the children can over stuff it with photos and they get stuck or it breaks . I actually bought a second one when the first one broke . In fairness , 3 year olds are really tough on toys so if you 're purchasing for individual use , it would be very sturdy . It does n't hold ALL the photos that come with it , only 6 or so at a time ... a problem if you do n't control this.The other problem is the button to eject the photos is kind of hard for the little ones to push ; so , often I have to help them with it . Again , 3 year olds - most of them do n't have the finger strength just yet . But I liked the toy enough and it was popular enough for me to buy a second one when the first broke !
 We bought this toy for my daughters 2 year birthday and she loves it . She loves when her picture is taken and insists on `` reviewing '' the shot so I thought she would love this toy , and she does.The good points are you can put your own picture inside the picture frames that pop in and out of the camera.Its a tough toy so dropping it is n't a problem.Bad point
 I always enjoyed this game growing up , but now I ca n't find it here . Checked all over and can only find used ones on ebay . I 'd like to have a new one because I have two people who would like it too !
 Pente is an unbelievable game . It 's very easy to learn -- You can learn the rules in less than a minute . And yet the game is complex and rich and full of surprises . While not as famous or as well-studied as chess , it offers comparable intellectual challenge and satisfaction.Here are some points to consider : - Pente has a faster pace to it than chess . A game typically lasts 15 minutes . If you find chess too slow , try Pente . - Very little can go wrong with the game
 A great game that lasts from two minutes to twenty minutes . It tests your logic , creativity , right side , left side , and all four quadrants of spacial orientation . Fun for Adults , a fun learning game for families and kids playing with adults . It has the thought power of chess without the complications . There are three simple rules and then shear enjoyment . The learning is fast and a bit contagious . The Portable edition is a roll-up vinyl cloth `` board '' perfect for adventure traveling on the beach , on the boat , on the slopes , or just about any where in the great out of doors . Bought ours in 1981 and it is still going places ! Have a barrel of fun !
 This game plays a little like Tic-Tac-Toe only you are trying to get 5 in a row and you can capture your opponent 's stones . This game was created by a guy from Oklahoma State University . It became very popular there -LRB- college clubs had nightly Pente championship games -RRB- . Kids can play equally with adults . It does take some skill but do n't let that scare you .
 Pente is a great game , but 20th Anniversary Edition is a real disappointment when compared to the original . With this new edition you get a cardboard playing board , four sets of pieces -LRB- w/o bags -RRB- , flimsy -LRB- but nicely printed -RRB- rules , and a box . It 's everything you need to play , but it 's still not as nice as my set from twenty years ago . I wish I 'd saved the money and put it towards a nice -LSB- $ -RSB- Go set .
 My wife and I enjoy this game tremendously . The two player game moves fast and is challenging and yet easy to learn . The four player `` team '' version is somewhat complicated and the game moves slowly ; I would suggest you play the four player game where everyone competes against all other players - its very cutthroat .
 I was introduced to this game back in 1989 by some friends who had an original version . This game is not only challenging , fun and easy to learn , but because of the multicolored `` beads '' that you use , it is a sensory experience as well . Games can go by in 5 minutes or long ones can last for 1/2 hour . This game was not being manufactored for a few years ... . Pente is very addictive !
 This game can be played for a few minutes or a few hours . It 's a strategy game that 's so easy to learn , but can be a challenge if you want to develop a strategy . I find that I place the stones randomly and end up with opportunities to win that I could n't have planned .
 this is not a very common game and lots of my friends never heard of it until I got them to play . the games can be quick and we play during lunch and breaks . my kids think it 's fun and it only takes a few minutes to learn how to play
 I ca n't seem to find this game anywhere in Oklahoma-I 've looked ! Growing up , We had seven kids in our house , and Pente was the game of choice . The game has been missing for 7-8 years , and I would really like to find the travel version again . I will settle for the 20th edition for someone 's birthday who holds the game in the same light I do . Thanks for stocking such a great and classic game !
 I learned how to play this game in 1984 . It was so much fun and I have been looking for it everywhere . It disappeared several years ago from the stores in my area . I would highly recommend this game to anyone . It is a lot of fun for everyone !
 Ok , I 'm going to explain in brief if you are not familiar with this game , but if you 've done this before , skip down to the next paragraph . Basically , 4 males and 4 females -LRB- you can reverse roles , it is n't very restrictive -RRB- get together one night , and a murder have been committed -LRB- usually the imaginery host that invited the guests is killed . -RRB- Now the 8 players will try to figure out who done the horrible crime . Each person has a manual that gives out clues and with them you try to figure out who 's the guilty one by conversation . Usually dinner is served and the whole game is actually pretty involved , mine takes about 4-5 hours.Alright , enough ranting , lets discuss why you would want to buy this game . Again , if you have experienced this before , you know that this is a lot of fun , its a good way to spend a few hours with 7 of your friends . This is all about interactions , and so you get to see how your friends react when pressed and how well they can persuade others to believe their arguments . Game is very innovative , from costumes to preparing dinner to the story and the solution , I would n't say this game is educational , but it does help one to think deductively and inductively , it practices one to be observant and to ask questions . There is a lot to this game and this episode is one of my favorite . Treat yourself to a night of fun and intrigue , and as a suggestion to newcomers , try the first few episodes , they are relatively easy and quick to solve , helps you to get the hang of this game .
 If you 've ever wanted to have a few friends over but worry that your party may , for whatever reason , fall flat , throwing a mystery party is a wonderful solution . People can chat and get to know one other while they play the game . And if you and your friends happen to be mystery lovers , all the better , because the `` How to Host a Murder '' games are marvelous fun . The game provides plenty of structure , making your party easy to plan . You can be as elaborate -LRB- costumes , multi-course meals -RRB- or as casual -LRB- jeans and pizza -RRB- as you like . `` The Last Train to Paris '' is an excellent episode , particularly if you would like to throw an elegant party -LRB- characters include a princess and a spy -RRB- . The mystery is top-notch ; nobody guessed the murderer at the party I attended -LRB- and we were a group of avid mystery fans -RRB- . I HIGHLY recommend this game for mystery lovers and adventurous hosts .
 I wo n't go into great detail on the game structure other than to say it is great for parties and requires 8 people to play . We traditionally have a `` Murder '' each New Years Eve . These games are not really meant to be educational but using the leetle grey cells to follow the clues is a mentally challenging activity . Reusing an episode is really not feasible since the mystery is solved at the end and it does n't change at all with replaying . I have reused these episodes with new sets of friends and just sit back and watch.This adventure is situated on a train leaving Nazi occupied Paris . The characters are great and the mystery is actually one that can be solved . This is one of the few HTHAMs that gives you a fighting chance to solve the mystery.If you are looking for a great evening of mystery and fun with friends , this is the game -LRB- and the episode -RRB- for you .
 Had a dinner party for this one and everyone had lots of fun ! Everyone dressed up and tried to play their parts -- the only hard part was all the names -LRB- french -RRB- and we went through the rounds much faster than the game anticipated because several members were VERY good at asking questions and managed to get information out of people -LRB- that they were supposed to keep secret -RRB- . Would definitely recommend .
 Our nuclear family reunion in Helen , Georgia featured the last train from Paris this year . We were able to incorporate the children as servers and cooks , so everyone felt they were participating . -LRB- 8 adults , 5 children -RRB- . It was very fun and convuluted enough to be challenging but yet not impossible . We all had a great time and would recommend it .
 This game was lots of fun ... I 've actually played several titles from this series now , and I will say this one 's content was the least risqu&eacute; of any I 've played , which was fortunate for the company involved . I enjoyed the solution , though arguably it would have been very difficult to deduce on your own . But being able to guess the murderer correctly is not a requisite for being able to have fun with these games .
 We played this on New Year 's Eve . The setting can be formal and that 's the way we played it . Everyone was so into the game that we almost missed ringing in the new year at midnight . We kept going until 1:30 am - not bad for an over 65 crowd . The clues had everyone guessing until the very end . The guests ca n't wait until we do this again .
 This was my second How To Host A Murder -LRB- HTHAM -RRB- go around . I 've played the episode Roman Ruins as well . Who you invite is the MOST important decision for the game . Yes the game is challenging -LRB- odds are you wo n't figure out the murderer -RRB- , but it 's about the social interaction that makes it fun . If you invite even one person that wo n't get into the game , then it can ruin the dynamics completly . Just a simple warning.However , this was a great episode and we loved it ! I love hosting parties in general and we went all out for this . I even bought a soundtrack with only train noises and had it going in the background . Our rule is as soon as you walk through the door , you are your character . I love these things !
 We had so much fun paying this game ! It was great that there were no scripts - it allowed for more wiggle room . Even the people I thought would be not into the game performed their role well . I will warn you - the murderer is completely improbable ... but nevertheless we had a great time . Highly recommended to others !
 I have hosted many murder mysteries and The Last Train From Paris is my favorite by far . I have hosted it 3 times with different sets of friends . During one party no one was able to guess the murderer and during each of the other two parties one of the guests had the murder figured out by the second round . A great mystery and highly recommended for some fabulous fun !
 We are big fans of murder mystery parties and really enjoy them . This is NOT one of my favorites . It is still a wonderfully enjoyable time for all those that are there and it is really easy to get into `` character mode '' -LRB- and what a great era to dress up as -RRB- . However , the plot was n't as well written as some other ones we have done . And the recorded intro to the game was really weird and long . That said , it still is an enjoybable product .
 This toy is based on one of the earlier shows of Thomas and Friends . I happened to grab a dvd of it for my 6-year old , and then surprised to see a special toy at Amazon , so I bought this when I got the chance . As usual , I am impressed with the diecast durability of this toy line . My son cant be happier in having one more Thomas that he associates to one specific TV episode.There 's a liquid inside the coach , which Thomas pulls ; it stirs especially on inclined parts of rails . Thomas 's face is astounded -LRB- not smiling -RRB- .
 I had to write a review after seeing three stars on this from another review . I 've tortured this plane/wing like nobody 's business , and never broke a wing . Chipped , yes , but never broke in half , even without the struts in place . The only drawback is that you need packing tape around where the rubber bands mount the wing , but if you know that you are fine . 5 stars . And the other reviewer is absoletely right about the foam gorilla glue for fixes . If you snap the wing , though , just buy a new one - you want to be safe while flying .
 This is my back up for the original . It is exactly what I needed , but I was a bit concerned when I received the package . I was n't to sure that it was going to be in one piece . The box that it was shipped in was not in the best shape and appeared to have been crushed by something laid on top of it . When I opened the package , I was a bit surprised that it was still in one piece and not damaged . I checked it over real good and found no major damage to the wing except a few indention marks on the top surface . It does n't appear that this will have any effect on the dynamics of the plane . It was very lucky that there was n't more damage than it appeared , but even this could have been prevented if there had been more protection and better packaging . It may not be so lucky to survive the next time !
 This is a nice purchase . It was for my boyfriend -LRB- he collects cars -RRB- and he really liked it . It 's his `` show-piece car '' . It 's fast and big and durable and it was a definite good buy .
 This is the game for anyone looking for excitment and challenge . This game includes 1500 adult questions and 200 children questions , in the multiple choice format . I found this to be very educational because I learned a lot about the Bible.It was very worth my money and I am sure that it will be worth yours too .
 I recommend this game , as part of family devotionals , or as a fun way to learn the bible as a family . Suggest each family member have their own bible to look up the reference given , in the cards .
 My wife picked this game up a few years ago at a garage sale . We have enjoyed it . It is one trivia game that we do n't get in fights while playing ! The questions are good , the board play is a little boring . There could be a whole lot more with the board.Why on earth is this game selling for so much ? I almost sold mine on here because it is in great shape . The game is fine , but not worth the money they are asking for it . Someone please comment and fill me in!I have used the children 's questions with my Youth Group and they enjoy them . The adult questions sometimes ask these strange and obscure Bible trivia , but most of the cards are good.If you are looking for a decent Bible Trivia , you can do a whole lot worse than this one . But , do n't spend $ 50 or more on it - it is n't worth all that !
 Our daughters requested this game for Christmas . At first I balked at the price , but there really is n't another Bible trivia game out there that compares to this one . My girls had played this game at a friends house so I knew that they really liked it and went ahead and spent the extra money . Glad we did . All the children play it and I appreciate that they have sets of questions designed especially for children so that younger ones can play along . Good family game .
 This is the real deal !! I bought 2 of these and gave one to a family member . My family and I enjoy just using the cards rather than playing the actual game.The questions are actual FACTS from the BIBLE and not someone else 's made up version . BEWARE OF IMITATORS ! I have played other games that claim to be BIBLE trivia , and some of the questions/answers were n't true . For instance , the question was , `` What disciple was made blind and then given back his sight by Jesus ? '' The answer was `` Paul '' . This is totally untrue !! Saul was made blind then was named Paul and became a disciple after Jesus gave him back his sight !! These questions are true facts from the BIBLE and not misinterpreted from the BIBLE . Great for the whole family .
 I Love this game ! Mostly because it teaches you more about Jesus 's time . I really recommend this game !
 Sounds like fun . This game is for almost everyone A real mind teaser . I recommend this game for Truly devout among us . Check this one out at Any local game store , you wo n't be disaapointed . Nor will go back to monopoly ! This game RULES .
 Bible trivia is very educational . aI think all children as well as adults should take part in it . The more we learn the better we 're advanced
 This was a great theme party for our kid for those of us without the creativity - or better stated - without the time to research and plan for this type party . Sure , it 's easier -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- to go to McDonalds , but this party kit did it all for us . Do n't you think your kid would rather have a Blue 's party than one at the local restaurant or bowling alley ? There is some `` work '' and preparation involved ... getting out the invitations , cooking , etc. but this `` work '' was fun for us big kids . The real kids could not have had more fun . They were enthralled with the entire party , beginning to end .
 This item was received very promply.My 10 month old grandson loves to useit although he does not know what heis writing . He knows which end to useto make marks and that is a good beginning .
 This was a great evening . Full of confusion and lots of laughs . I have played other games by this manufacturer and would have to say that this one seemed to have more twists and turns . There was a lot of information to digest and the characters names seemed to make things even more confusing as we tried to keep track of who was Hoo ! My guests thoroughly enjoyed themselves . I would recommend these games to anyone .
 I played this game with my family . I had been thinking about doing one for a birthday or Halloween party , and my cousin said we could test one of hers to see how much I liked it . So we did , and it was AWESOME ! We did n't get to dress up , because it was short notice , but we still had a lot of fun . We ordered Chinaese food and had fortune cookies for dessert . We had a blast ! and I am definatley going to do a Halloween party now ... I just have to deside which to do .
 This was the first murder mystery game in which my 30-something friends and I had ever participated . Overall , the night was a hit . But much preparation is required on the part of the host for it to be a success . We actually did a few things which I believe made the evening a success
 This was the first How To Host a Murder my husband and I had ever been to or hosted . Every thing you need comes in the box if you have a few willing friends . As hosts , we acted as the maid and butler , just in case at the last minute some one could not come . Our friends came in and stayed in charater through out the evening . Every one did a great job with costumes and attitude . I feel that hosting the dinner and being part of the game would have been difficult . While preparing and serving the dinner , my husband and I missed alot of the conversation and clues . I think that next time , and there will be other murders at this house , as host we will take a role but , make the dinner much simpler or possibly even have carry out or heavy hor d'eours . No one knew until the end of the game and the solution read who had actually `` done it '' . Every one made an accusation , but no one chose the murderer . What a great way to spend and evening ! My daughter is already getting excited about doing a teen mystery for her birthday party . My only problem is now that we know who the murderer is it will be hard to use the game again .
 Please read my review for Last Train from Paris to get an idea to this game . Anyways , this episode is relatively simple actually -LRB- probably because I tackled the later episodes first , -RRB- there are less clues for each character to reveal , and not very complicated . So my recommendation is for those that have been introduced to this game , or are just starting to grasp the mechanics of this game . It is still fun to play with your friends , but relatively short compared to the other episodes.My advice is that host -LRB- s -RRB- would plan a part for yourself , and serve dinner during break between round 2 and 3 . It helps people to absorb the clues they 've been given , and its a lot of fun to see the guests still discussing the game while they are eating . This way hosts wo n't have to miss any important information . Enjoy !
 This is my favorite mystery party of the series . All of the characters are so easy to get into , and they 've got enough secrets to keep a party going for hours . No one in my group guessed the murderer , but we all had so much fun interrogating each other all night . I highly recommend this to anyone who wo n't be offended by the slightly bawdy aspects of some of the characters and clues .
 The Watersdown Affair was a good way to spend a rainy evening . It was hilarious to see the various creative costume ideas as each guest arrived for dinner . The menu was great fun to prepare , selecting each dish according to what would have been eaten in the English Countryside at the time . The only complaint I have is that the murderer was revealed to one player -LRB- the murderer -RRB- before the end of the game . This was inconsistent with other `` How to Host a Murder '' episodes that I have played in the past . This ruined that person 's ability to vie for the prize for solving the murder at the end of the evening .
 This was the first of the `` How to Host ... '' murder mysteries in which I participated . I love a good Agatha Christie mystery and I felt like I dove into one during the `` Watersdown '' Affair . I co-hosted this with another woman . She had the larger house , but lacked fine china . I brought my china along . By doing this and such other things we maintained a high elegance factor . That made it all the more fun . The costumes people chose were a riot . Do n't forget thrift stores for costume finds . You may have gone to dinner parties , but there 's nothing like doing this for a life experience that you wo n't forget .
 I got the idea off of The Office . It was hilarious and I wanted to try it out . My friends and I were at a gameboard store and we saw this and found out it had the same concept as the one played in the television show . I bought one as soon as I could , episode 1 , and anticipated its arrival . Planning was the most fun for me . I put all the characters name in a a ` go fish ' pile and chose a random person for each one of my friends . It says that it 's meant for four guys and four girls but we had seven girls and a gay guy friend and it was HILARIOUS . If people really get into it , you will be laughing for hours . The dinner ideas they have are rather expensive ... veal ?! We just had a potluck of cookies and chips and delicious goodies and it was perfect . If you are going to play , make sure EVERYONE plays in costume , it 's not the same without it . This episode required a british accent , but good luck keeping in character without laughing . As far as the contents of the game goes , once you get started it 's pretty much straight forward . You have secret information about one person and they secret information about another . You have to be creative in ways of accusing them and that can be the most fun part . The CD it comes with is slow and annoying so I recommend just reading the script that comes with it in place of the CD . As for guessing , it was actually pretty hard ! One or more people I believe got it right . But we have many more episodes to play , and believe me , we are playing every episode ... this is the best kind of party you can throw ! Good luck !
 Eight old friends gathered at our bed and breakfast , properly attired to attend the banquet hosted by Sir Roger Watersdown . What followed were several hours of intrigue , laughs and a jolly good time!The `` How To Host a Murder '' series of games are great fun ! We have hosted several and this is one of the best . The character development is thorough and the plot thickens with each revelation.I would recommend this game for a full evening of laughs and fun .
 My husband and our friends really enjoyed this murder mystery dinner pasrty set . We have done others in the past , and this one has been the best so far . After reading many of the negative reviews , I feel that those players must have seriously lacked creativity ! It will be as much fun as you put into it . If you dress up , try to use accents and decorate , you will have a blast !!!
 I 'm a college student , and seven friends and I got together to play this game together last week . We had a blast ! Even though we had pizza and sat in the lounge , everyone was still able to get into the feel of it . So though nice , fancy dinners and decorations are n't necessary . I would suggest using costumes . My guests went all out , and it really helped create the right mood . Everyone was super into their character and had a good time.The story line was well developed and kept us all guessing . All of us narrowed it down between two or three by the end , but only two of us actually picked the correct person . My only problem with it was that sometimes we would be instructed to reveal information that had already come out during a previous round of play . Other times we would ask questions that the player did not know the answer to then . Later , when we had already discounted the theory they would find out the information . However , the manuals still did a good job of guiding us toward information that we needed to discuss.I liked that it was n't scripted because we had to think about what to say instead of just reading it . Even though we basically sat in a circle and talked it through the entire time , everyone really enjoyed the set-up . It was perfect for a college dorm . We are already thinking about ordering another one so we can do this again . I highly recommend it !
 I have done a Murder Mystery in the past , but no one else had and we loved it ! You must have a group who will dress up and act up . No one guessed the killer .
 The Watersdown Affair was just wonderful . Our friends all dressed their parts , one gentleman actually died his hair to look more like his character . We had a really really fun time . The meal turned out wonderful and the clues were very good and clear , although you really had to think about them . This was not easy but not overly difficult . Our friends are still talking about the evening and often call each other the name of their character . What a blast !
 This is the first in a series of murder mystery games ... it is the first one we played and hosted and a great time was had by all . Easy to host and very fun to play ! I highly recommend this game to anyone wanting to host an interesting dinner party .
 I was recently invited to the Watersdown affair and had so much fun , i just purchased another of the series to host my own party . What a great way to let loose and have a ball !
 The tackle box shipped and delivered quickly enough . I was pleased with the box itself . A little dissapointed that it did not come with the tackle as it should have . Also frustrated that I apparently cant speak with anybody to receive it!I like the tackle box though as its sturdy and the perfect size for kids .
 It is a very nice box with a thing to put a lock on it . Comes with a big open space at bottom and on the tray seven spaces and with the 5 dividers they give you and loading thing for spinners -LRB- all you need in terms of dividers -RRB- makes it 13 spaces . Lots of nice basic tackle and a few guides
 Mattel 's new Electronic UNO game has some nice features ; its more compact and the physical design is more streamlined . The previous version was somewhat awkward to hold , and while innovative , the lever used to select your card to play contributed to its awkwardness . The new unit is quite comfortable to hold in the palm of your hand , and the buttons are easily accessible . The UNO button is easy to reach , to call ` UNO ' with or to catch neglectful computer opponents who do n't call ` UNO ' , a very satisfying exercise!The instruction booklet is fairly well documented , but does n't remind you that you ca n't play a playable card in your hand if you have drawn one like the previous Electronic UNO . It does remind you that you can not play a Wild Draw Four if you have a matching color in your hand . The one change I love is the color designation ; instead of small , hard to see color strips , letters representing the colors appear under the cards ; R for red , Y for yellow , B for Blue and G for green . The sound effects are different from the prior Electronic UNO ; they are n't as crisp and are a bit more simplistic , but are pleasant enough and wo n't annoy too much . If they do , the sound can be toggled off . Gone is the voice that calls ` UNO ' when the appropriate button is pressed , or when the computer calls it . This was a nice feature in the older game , but is n't a major beef . The ability to challenge an alleged illegal Wild Draw Four card play is still absent in this game , a wonderfully satisfying part of the game that should have been included!The screen is MUCH smaller than before , this is a major issue with me , but the LCD graphics are crisp and clear enough that it is n't too straining on the eyes . I also agree with Sue Williams about the buttons ; they feel very fragile and too much pressure could cause damage to them . The prior Electronic UNO was much sturdier . The unit does n't follow rules for the Reverse card with 2 players . With 2 players , playing a Reverse card is supposed to behave as a Skip card . This unit is still a nice addition to any UNO fan 's collection , but a larger screen a more durable build , proper behavior of the Reverse card with 2 players and including the challenge of a Wild Draw 4 play would have made for a much better Electronic UNO game .
 although I liked this game and the girls learned it easily , I 'm writing a second review because the select button did n't last long and with out it you ca n't play .
 This is a great additon to my store of games for kids who do n't speak English . The levels make it fun enough for the older adolescents and younger ones can play too . Most of my girls know how to play UNO with cards and that is a help learning this game fast .
 This game definately qualifies as a good one for kids who speak Spanish and no English - there are directions in Spanish . It was a little intimidating at first but playing a two player game is fun . One of the educational values in UNO is counting up the score and this version does it for you . A good feature is that the game you are playing is saved when the toy turns off so you can start up again . It takes quite a while to reach 500 in a two player game . The down side . -LRB- Added in November -RRB- After a month of use the select button quit working . Without it you ca n't play .
 I love games and it 's always great to get a hand-held game to travel with . I highly recommend this product .
 I love this game . I take it with me wherever I go . It keeps my occupied for hours . This is my second UNO , I wore out my first one . I had it for over 9 years .
 I loved the UNO card game since I was a child . This is great because it is identical to the card game and you can play alone instead of having to round up players . You can play with 2 , 3 or 4 players on this handheld game . The computer takes up the other players.Playing with the cards , sometimes you are more than ready to kill your friends before someone gets to 500 and wins the game . With this , you can put it down and come back to it later and there is noone nagging you to get back to the table.It is great to kill some time with a game from my youth . I like it for that reason.The only drawbacks are that it is impossible to cheat and argue that you called UNO when you did not since the computer knows . It is impossible to cheat and one of the best things about playing with a bunch of people is the trash talking . None of that with this version . Also , it sometimes is still a long game.If you like playing the card game , and would like playing UNO alone then this is perect for you .
 I still have my 1978-dated model of this game and I am glad Mattel is re-releasing this and the classic Football 2 -LRB- the favorite handheld of my youth -RRB- . When my father bought me this game back in the early 1980s it was three times as much as this model , so it is definitely a bargain for Gen. X-ers like myself who wish to recapture their youth.I am amazed how identical this game is to my vintage game -LRB- which I still have and it still works perfectly attesting to the durability of Mattel games -- at least in the 1980s -RRB- . Kids today may not enjoy it as it is a very simple , streamline version of baseball that one would expect came out in 1978 . You push the `` pitch '' button , wait for the pitch , the pitch comes either straight or curved and you push `` Hit . '' If you hit the ball , push `` Run '' to run the bases . The game beeps indicating whether you hit a single , double , triple or home run . Sometimes you can get more bases if you have a fast player , sometimes you 're tagged out if you have a slowpoke . There is no strategy to this game . The game keeps track of balls and strikes , but there is really no way of knowing if a pitch is headed for the strike zone , so you ca n't be Barry Bonds here . The ball/strike count always seemed to be random to me.Like Football 2 , you do not get to play defense . After the third out , you -LRB- or a playing partner -RRB- play offense for the other team . Like Classic Football 2 , this game has the addition of a sound-off switch . It does not make as much sense with this game because the number of beeps following a hit helps you know how many bases to go for . You may be able to guess with the sound off taking into account how fast the player is . The game plays in glow-in-the-dark red , so it can be played with the lights out which is very cool . Each game is 5 innings . The `` Pro 2 '' setting gives you faster pitches and really tests the reflexes . A fun game to go along with your Classic Football 2 . Hopefully , Mattel will also re-release Basketball 2 .
 I have had my baseball game since I was a kid . It has seen lots of playing time over the past 16 + years . While I would agree with other reviews that this game is not as `` fun '' as Mattel 's football game , I have enjoyed it.If you are looking for a fast action game with great graphics , this is not the game for you . The game is well made and the batteries seem to last a very long time . I have found it to be a fun simple game for 1 or 2 players .
 Back to the basics fun electronic game . No complex moves or combinations . easy to read screen . BAtteries last a long time unlike the Gameboy .
 I had all these first generation when they came out but was a dummy and let them go . I have now my second generation baseball , football , football II and basketball . None of the originals OR remakes have ever broken except one button on the original baseball from overuse.The baseball is the best , most interactive of the bunch . Your timing hitting is crucial and requires skill . Solid hits get Homeruns . If you get a slow runner you better take one less base . Fast runners can steal one more , if your fast enough :-D . If you appreciate these old diode games , BASEBALL IS THE BEST . Try a few innings and you shall be hooked !!
 I had the orignal version of this game when I was a little kid growing up . It was a great way to while away the hours on long car trips or a rainy day.I must say that I 'm really impressed that Mattel preserved the authenticity of the game right down to the color of the casing , the buttons and sounds.For those of you who are chasing your long-gone youth like I am , this is a great throw-back to another era . I highly recommend it !
 If you 're around my age -LRB- 36 -RRB- chances are you or someone you knew had one of these when you were a kid . It may be simple technology , but sometimes simple is best . At the time in history when this was first Introduced -LRB- around 1977 -RRB- it was revolutionary because until then if you wanted to play video games you had to go to the arcade ; you could take this anywhere and that made it a big deal.I still think its as fun as ever , and my kids like it too . I do n't think you can go wrong with this , if you like basic games , or if your `` from '' the 70 's or 80 's its a piece of history and certainly brings a feeling of nostalgia ; it 's a home run !
 Received the game very quickly was so happy . It was in perfect condition & just like I remembered it as a child . Its a basic electronic baseball game you push the button to pitch and you push the button to hit . But I purchased this because it reminds me of my father when I was a little girl . When I just look at it or hear the sound it brings back so much . Its like my dad is here with me again ! Thank you so much ! Perfect Transaction !!
 I had the original approximately 30 years ago . I loved it . But , ya know , your interests change quickly as you enter your teens . So , I did n't buy a new one when it broke.Anyway , I bought this as soon as I saw it was available again . I was anxious to revisit a piece of my youth . Fortunately , the game is just as I remember it . It definitely brought back some memories.That , in a nutshell , is what this game is good for . It 's no longer the amazing piece of technology that my friends and I thought it was back in the late 70 's . In fact , it 's kinda backwards by today 's standards . It 's not a realistic simulation of baseball . And , once you 've got the hang of it , it gets boring.But , if you 're simply looking to re-experience some old memories every now and then , this hits the spot !
 OMG ! My brother will be sooooo happy when he unwraps this on Christmas Eve ! He happens to be 40 years old but it 's all about nostalgia . It 'll take him right back to Christmas Eve , 1979 when he and my other , older brother received Mattel games . One received the football version of this game and of course this same brother , at 8 years old received this very same game . I was amazed at the quality and at how nothing had changed about this game . That 's what makes it so great . The only part that surprised me is that the football game is more than double the price of this one .
 This is a veary FUN baseball game , I first played it at my summer camp and it was so fun , I got it for Myself !!!!!!
 If anything , this game may be too good a gift for a boy interested in baseball . The ten year old who received this game &#34; disappeared &#34; with this toy . We had to hunt him down and repeatedly call him to come to the table for Christmas dinner .
 gave this to my son for christmas . he likes retro games and he likes this one too . way to go mattel
 I gave this to my husband for Christmas and he loved it . He had this when he was younger so it was fun for him to play a game from the past . We can play against each other too which is always nice , competitive fun . Breaking out the 9V for the Classic Baseball was a good time . Got ta go -- batter up !
 It 's game is a fun use of time . It also helps with hand eye coordination , fine motor skills , and can be shared with others .
 Should be fun for any youngster who enjoys the game of baseball . Easy to play and should hold a young boy 's interest .
 handhel gamelooks like it will be enjoyable - i have not used it as it is a giftthe game was sent quick and arrived promply
 My grandson and I both enjoy this classic baseball game . The `` run '' button worked well on only 1 of the 2 that we purchased and had to be returned . The game is hours of fun .
 This game provided one of the best nights any of my guests had ever spent . We spent about 4-5 hours -LRB- including the classic roman dinner -RRB- discussing clues and defending our characters . By the end we had no idea who had committed the crime , but we were having so much fun it did n't matter . Everyone left laughing and promising to host another party like this . I would reccommend any of the How to Host a Murder games , but this one was especially exciting . If you 're looking for an exciting night with 7 friends , this is the way to get it .
 This was our first time trying a murder mystery party , and we had lots of fun with it ! If the prospect of looking for costumes for one of these events seems intimidating , you should try this game -- a draped bedsheet or fabric looks very toga-like , add sandals and the optional laurel crown and you 're finished ! The roast did n't appeal to us so instead I made a vegetarian lasagna , caesar -LRB- of course -RRB- salad , garlic bread and tiramisu . We had lots of fun unraveling the clues as the evening went on . I would recommend this game to anyone who would like to have a fun and unusual evening with friends .
 Roman Ruins was a rousing success ! It was great fun to see the creative costume ideas as each guest arrived . It was also interesting to create the dinner feast according to what the ancient Romans would have eaten and how they would have eaten it . Everyone constantly howled with laughter as the bawdy clues were unraveled . I would highly recommend this game for adults who love to play as children .
 We played this at my daughter 's 13th birthday party and had a fabulous time . The kids all dressed up in togas and really got into playing sleuth . Since the game is geared to adults , the dialog contains some complex words and some of the material is a little racy . I would recommend it only for kids this age who are bright and fairly savvy .
 Almost every New Year 's Eve , we invite our friends over and play a version of `` How To Host A Murder . '' I even turned out to be the murderer one year -LRB- which is why I do n't cheat and read everyone 's clues ahead of time -RRB- . The only down-side of `` How to Host A Murder '' is that you have to invite exactly the right number of guests . My husband and I do n't usually take a role unless someone ca n't make it to our party . Then we sub -LRB- this sometimes makes for interesting cross-dressing -RRB- . I 've never used the recipes that come with the game , just do my usual New Year 's Eve Buffet.Preprinted invitations come with the game , and you get to decide who will play such characters as Maximus Testosterus -LRB- costume suggestion
 We have been doing these mystery games for the last 15 years as our New Year 's celebration . My son was just ten when we started and he grew up getting to play the dashing young pilot or the smooth playboy . We have decided that one can not really figure out `` whodunnit '' from the clues provided but that that is beside the point . We just have a great time vamping it up in our costumes and enjoying a meal that is different -LRB- sometimes good -- sometimes bad -RRB- taken from the suggested menus . This year 's Roman setting was definitely among the best as it lent itself well to costuming and the menu was great . We have also noted that it is not too much fun to play the game from the sidelines From time to time we have had more folks than parts -- and the extras just ca n't get into it without a specific part to play . Our host and hostess always take parts . We just take a break from the game -LRB- remaining in our roles -RRB- and all help get dinner on the table . It is a great way to spend New Year 's as we spend too much time laughing to imbibe too much ! It is also almost impossible to use the game more than once -- because the invites are used up and at least one part book gets lost in the evening . Investing -LSB- money -RSB- in the game is still cheaper than a round of drinks out on New Year 's Eve ! If the makers of this game keep coming up with plots -- we will keep on playing ...
 This was a lot of fun and definitely worth a try . This was the first Murder Mystery game we had ever done , so we had no idea what to expect . Hosting this game was a huge undertaking
 I run with a pretty eclectic crowd . Usually , when we have a party , it is a very informal get-together , so this was a new twist for us . It takes some planning ahead of time -LRB- but not too much -RRB- . You know how when you 've been to a really good party , you have the urge to send a thank-you note to the host ? I was tempted to do the same for my guests!The only snag we ran into was that we started too late . People just coming from work needed time to go home and get their costumes , and that kind of thing . We will definitely play again , but next time we 'll start it on a Saturday afternoon , around 4 . As it was , we did n't start until 8:30 , and did n't finish until close to 1a . m.It was also hard picking 8 people without having some left out -LRB- we 're all single -RRB- . But it works out , because you can lend this game to people who did n't come , and they can have it for their friends.This is more fun than we 've had together in a long time , and well worth the extra effort this kind of party takes . Do n't walk , run to get this . By the way , the durability gets 1 star only because it is intentionally meant to be played only once by any given group of people . Get this , the -LSB- money -RSB- is nothing compared to the fun you 'll have .
 I did this for my 16th birthday party . It was me and 7 of my friends -LRB- all of us girls -RRB- and we just hung out in bedsheets -LRB- for our togas -RRB- and played around with this . At first , we were really confused . I thought they would have lines in the player manuals but it 's just facts that you have to reveal . Once you get the hang of it though , it really picks up and everyone can really get into their characters . The characters were cool and well-developed , not as cheesy as you would think . The meal suggestions sounded really gross and I wanted it to be more casual so we just had pizza which worked out perfectly . As for the age rating , i was a little skeptical but there is no bad language , just suggestive dialogue . All the characters mention affairs that they 've had with each other . It is n't that bad though , I did n't mind my mom listening to us play . For example , the vestal virgin is n't as clean as you think she is . Overall though , it is the perfect party game . This is not a game for shy people or people who do n't like to participate and get into character .
 We have done three parties , and this was the first of this brand . Although it is always fun , this one seemed a bit more complicated than it needed to be to keep the guests entertained .
 This is het 4th game we played with the same group , every time it 's great fun ! Everybody dresses up as good as they can and the beginning is already so much fun without even starting the game ! Prepare dinner , try to have it all ready 'cause it 's already a long night . Try to decorate your home in style al little if you can.Check out our pics at my website , and see how we did it : -RRB- http://www.gammoun.com/Murder/Indexmurder.htm
 This is a really fun party game . You need 8 people to play , everyone gets a part , and you have a murder mystery dinner party . I 've done murder mystery parties in the past , and this one was very good . Even if you are n't good at mysteries it is a lot of fun . This game is good for mature/adult partygoers because of the romance-novel type relationships some of the people have with each other . Its not hard to do . Everyone reads off of scripts and add libs a little . Its almost impossible to do the games in this series wrong . The only downside
 This is a gauranteed excellent get-together event for most adults and older teens . The plot thickens quickly if you stay on top of all the maddening information . Laughs come naturally and it 's interesting watching good friends sway from their normalness !
 My three year old loves playing Dr. Seuss 's Go Fish game . Of course she loves all the Dr. Seuss 's books too . We play using the numbers because the cards have different colors on them and she does n't quite understand playing with just the color of the fish yet . We also start out with 3 cards instead of the recommended 5 because my daughter 's hands are a little small to hold so many cards . Great game in teaching/reinforcing manners , numbers , matching and just having family fun !
 No twist on this game , standard `` Go Fish '' but if you like Dr. Seuss you need a copy . Nice graphics right from the original text . Lots of fun for the whole family .
 I bought this for my son to reinforce telling time . It has little windows at the bottom that open and close that tell you the hour , the minutes , and the time of day of what is on the face of the clock . Great to quiz with . I was happy to see how large it was and my son said it was the same as his teachers . I bought it at a great price and I was n't sure if it was going to be cheaply made and it was n't . Super buy and worth more then what I paid .
 I got this clock because my daughter could not tell time with a analog clock and this clock has helped her out quite a bit .
 THis is the only learning clock I know of that has the right movement with the hour and the minute hand . You only move the hour hand and the minute hand follows with the subtle differences that happen so it looks like a real clock . It is solid , easy to manipulate ... a good iten
 Great for teaching our five year old grandchildren how to tell time analog and digital time . Would highly recommend this teaching tool .
 My 3 year old was very interested in clocks and telling time . This was perfect . It 's completely plastic , light weight , and the clock hands turn easily . She loves it .
 I really wanted this model Vespa Scooter because I own a red Vespa ET4 . The only differences between my real one and this model -LRB- aside from around $ 4K -RRB- is that my real scooter does not have the extra storage container on the back nor does it have the additional chrome fairing.Otherwise , they did an exquisite job with the details . All of the compartments open , all of the intricate parts such as dash dials , lights brake handles , etc are well detailed.I do n't think I would let a 5yo play with this though - the body is die cast aluminum , but there are many parts that could easily be broken off -LRB- and probably choked on -RRB- . I think it is better suited as a toy for an older child , or someone like me , a much older child .
 This is a simple deck of cards with pictures of characters from Blue 's Clues . Each card has an action for the kids to perform . You can play a few different games with the cards.The cards are big , so its easy for little hands to hold . The cards are a bit too easy to bend . My daughter -LRB- who is almost 3 years old -RRB- likes to play memory with the cards , and its easy because each card has many duplicates . This is a cute game for Blue 's Clues fans .
 My son who is 4 saw this skid loader back in October at a flea market top place in our town . I did n't want to purchase it for him at that time because he had picked out 2 other trucks . I told him Santa would bring it for him . Knowing that my in-laws come to this market every Friday , I knew then could pick this skid loader up for me the next Friday . Well the following week my mother in law went in search of this toy and could n't find it there , they ran out and the clerk did n't know which one it was to reorder . Every week for 6 weeks my mother in law has gone there to look for it , but she could n't find it , I was looking too at the local stores and on line for it but it was no where to be found . She purchased another fork lift instead and when I saw it I knew my son 's heart would be broken . All he is asking for Christmas is a skid loader and for a 4 year old to remember this truck and what it looks like -LRB- he has a hard time pronouncing it -RRB- but he knows what it is , this must be some special toy . Well tonight I was on Amazon looking for a book and noticed they had a toy store also so I thought I 'd give it a try ... and low and behold there it was , the first pick for a skid loader , I was ecstatic ! Thanks Amazon !
 My kids love clics , and have built all kinds of amazing things from them . They are the perfect combination of open-ended -LRB- unlike recent lego , which are kits that build just one thing -RRB- and stable -LRB- because clics click together ! -RRB- My kids were uninterested in just blocks , lincoln logs or the lego kits , so we were happily surprised when they really took to clics . The clics and playmobil are the two toys they play with every day.If the clics somehow disappeared , I 'd re-buy them in a minute !
 I bought this for my 3 y.o. thinking that even though she could n't follow the directions to build complicated stuff she could still have some fun with it . She is closer to 4 and and she was n't even close to be able to snap those pieces together . Otherwise it 's seems durable and fun . I would not recommend it for kids earlier than 5 -LRB- if not older -RRB- though .
 My older son -LRB- now 6 -RRB- had this in his Jr. . K class 2 years ago and begged me to `` buy some fun toys '' last summer , i.e , . this one in particular . So , I was delighted of course to see that it was a toy that did n't require batteries , only imagination . Great toy , great gift . Will add that I was unsure which size to get ... my son pleaded for the larger one which I indeed bought ... and have no regrets ... in fact , I 'd even consider a larger size if they had one b/c my son prefers to make a bunch of things at once but then is reluctant to pull them apart afterwards as he wants to appreciate his hard work for a bit .
 My kids love this toy and can play for hours building all sorts of stuff on their own . Great from age 2 - 10
 Not a very sophisticated toy but gets the creative juices flowing . Easier to build with and work with for the younger kids than Legos .
 I recently bought these for Christmas for my twin 31/2 yr old boys . They love these ! I was looking for a toy that required imagination but was big enough that both boys could play . We have had several hours of building fun already ! I admit , I enjoy building with them as much as my boys do ! They can easily put the clics together and take them apart but do have a little difficulty ` creating ' on their own . I need to assist the building and direct them how to build a semi , pickup , barn or whatever ... My only regret is that I did n't buy the bigger set ! 400 pieces do n't go too far when two boys are building ! I would definitely buy these again ! Great toy , very durable and that 's saying a lot . My boys tend to get a little western with their toys !
 This is by far one of the best toys I 've come across , and probably the best toy my son has . The day he got it , he played with it til bed , and the next morning started to play with them first thing . I have never seen him this excited about a building toy , and it 's great to see the creations he comes up with . The clics take a little strength to put in place , which I 'm guessing is great for fine motor development . This is definitely a smart toy , and the amazing thing is , my son WANTS to play with it , ALL the time . I bought 400 to start , and I recommend no less at first . Once my second child gets old enough for them , they will probably need more pieces considering that there are often at least two friends over .
 I got this game for my three year old . She sets up the game herself , then rounds up anyone to play with her . It is fast paced and has the option of making the game harder for older kids . The only down side we have had is that the `` big '' carboard markers do not stand up well . They also bend easily . I would recommend this to all Blue 's Clues fans !
 My son loves the Primary Time Teacher , so does his friends . They ca n't keep off the hands and watch the digital numbers change with it . A good thing it is durable . It is a great tool to teach about time . The instructions also gave me some ideas on teaching time . When my son is done with it - it will be donated to his school for others to join it . Recommended
 Our son loves looking at clocks and trying to figure out what time it is , and what time it will be . Shopped around and finally bought this Primary Time Teacher ... great deal . . he loves the clock . It is very durable , which is very important for a boy who is rather `` rough '' with his toys . Also the hands of the clock move effortlessly and the ` digital ' time below is in perfect sync with the hands ... a great tool to teach my son about time ... I would heartily recommend this product for others to use in teaching kids about time .
 Remember when Mr. Burns was shot and nearly killed ? Well this time Mr. Burns was found dead and Chief Wiggum rounds up six suspects . The killer will not get away . You play the roll of one of the suspects and work your way on discovering , before the other players , who killed Mr. Burns , with what weapon and in what Location in Springfield.The board game is beautiful . The deck of cards is awesome . The yellow dice are a nice touch . And the game pieces are very cool regardless of the version you have . -LRB- 1st edition - pewter ; 2nd edition colorful detailed plastic.The Players are : Homer Simpson as Mr. GreenKrusty the Clown as Colonel MustardMarge Simpson as Mrs. PeacockLisa Simpson as Miss ScarletBart Simpson as Professor PlumWaylon Smithers as Mrs. WhiteThe Weapons are : Poisoned DonutExtend-O-GloveNecklaceSlingshotPlutonium RodSaxophoneThe Locations Are : Nuclear Power PlantSpringfield Retirement CastleThe Simpson HouseThe Frying DutchmanThe Andromeda 's DungeonBurn 's ManorKrustylu StudiosBarney 's Bowl-A-RamaKwik-E-MartThis game is easy to learn , easy to play and very fun . I gave the game 5 stars in educational because even though it is very simple you really have to use your brain . So if you are not used to thinking , be warned , it will hurt . I love Clue and this version just begs to be played with.As a game fan , a Simpson 's fan and a collector I have to say if you have n't purchased this game do so . Only God knows how long this version will be available .
 I 've had this game for several years and although it does n't get much play , due to the fact that you need at least three people to join in , it still holds all the same charm of the classic game of Clue . The most hilarious of all is Mr. Smithers as Mrs. White . The artwork alone on the game board should be enough for any Simpson 's fan , however , I can assure you that this version will liven up a dull time with the family or in-laws . It amazes me that after all these years my sister still tries to cheat by looking at my notes . It also amazes me that she does n't catch me glancing at hers.The game is very simple and takes only seconds to refresh the rules for everyone . And if you 've played the classic version of clue to death , items like `` the poisoned donut '' will be sure to crack you up and make the game new for you.I would recommend this game to anyone who has played clue and or has a long visit with the family lined up . Leave the Monopoly in the closet it will only make everyone hate each other . This game , if played correctly -LRB- with minimal cheating -RRB- , should bring you all together , or at least provide a good laugh .
 What I really love about this game is the shear amount of detail they put into it . The rooms on the board have so many humorous items in them - many referencing individual shows . You can see stampy the elephant , Mr. Burns ' ape vest , the Pin Pals jacket , a `` worst convention ever '' T = shirt in the comic book shop , Bobo the teddy bear , the three eyed fish , the Rodney Dangerfield missing son , Marge dressed like she was on the island in the Prisoner spoof episode , and a `` thank you come again welcome mat in the Kwik-e-mart . Definitely a lot of fun . Played exactly as clue except the names and pictures are different .
 I LOVE the Simpsons and therefore I LOVE this game . It 's really fun for both adults and children . I 've been playing Clue for years , and it was an interesting change playing Simpsons Clue . I 'd recommend this game to anyone , especially those familiar with the cartoon .
 Great `` Clue '' game with a twist . The hilarious characters from `` The Simpsons '' are suspects to the murder of Mr.Burns -LRB- Mr.Body -RRB- . Same like the orginal clue , but with different characters , like Bart as Professor Plum , Smithers as Mrs. White etc ; There 's different locations -LRB- a power plant,Kwik-E mart -RRB- and weapons -LRB- slingshot , poisoned donut -RRB- . A fun game to play , and a great one to collect if your ' e a `` Simpsons '' fan .
 If you love the Simpson 's , this is a great collectible to have . If you love Clue , this is quirky version to play . Either way , this is a winner . You have Lisa as Miss. . Scarlett and Mr. Smithers as Mrs. White . You have rooms like the Frying Dutchman and Mr. Burns Mansion . You can choose weapons like Bart 's slingshot or a plutonium rod from the nuclear factory . All in all , this makes for a fun family night .
 This game is packed with fun and surprises . Simpson fans will love this game . I was a big fan of Clue before this game came out and now since it is the Simpson Edition I play this game nonstop . Mr. Burns is found dead and Chief Wiggum rounds up six suspects who are most likly the ones who commited the crime.Homer Simpson plays Mr. GreenMarge Simpson plays Mrs. PeacockLisa Simpson plays Miss ScarletBart Simpson plays Professor PlumKrusty the Clown plays Colonel MustardWaylon Smithers plays Mrs. WhiteYou have to find out where the crime was commitedWas it at the....Kwik-E-MartBurn 's ManorBarney 's Bowl-a-RamaThe Simpson HouseSpringfield Retirement CastleNuclear Power PlantThe Frying DutchmanThe Andromeda 's DungeonKrustylu StudiosAnd what really killed Mr. Burns?The Posioned DonutExtend-O-GloveNecklaceSlingshotPlutonium RodSaxophoneWhat a great game it is . Everyone will get that great feeling when you open the `` Case File CONFIDENTAL '' envelope and find out who really killed Mr. Burns where they commited it and what weapon did they use . It actually feels like you work for the CSI .
 ... way too easy to finish . I played 3 times the other day and the game was done within 5 minutes . Also , the board and cards wear away and fray pretty easily . Do not buy this unless you keep in in immaculate condition.The artwork is pretty cool and the whole thing is cute and colorful but beware the short lastability . Tho it 's definitely worth getting if you 're a Simpsons completist and are serious about keeping it in good condition .
 Well , it 's very fun , I would consider it very educational , if u really take care of it , it 's very durable , and it 's just so fun that I would rate it 5 stars !! I really do n't own the game but I plan on purchasing it . I 've played it all day at school and I never want to stop playing it ! I 'm not really a Simpsons fan but playing `` Clue '' is the most fun game ever . I think it 's better than Monopoly . Monopoly is fun at first , but when the game takes too long , it starts to get boring . Clue is kinda boring when you start it off but when you start guessing , you 'll just want to get it figured out ! The game is n't too long nor too short . It 's kinda in the middle of long and short . Once you get bored of it , just keep it someplace safe and once it pops back up in ur head , you 'll wan na play it !!!
 Since I am a fan of The Simpsons , and I love board games ... this was just a really cool game to have . For fans of Clue , or fans of The Simpsons ... Snatch this up !!!!
 Wow this is such a fun game . Simpsons fans will love this game even if you do n't know how to play Clue , and Clue fans will maybe like the Simpsons Edition of Clue so much that they might even watch them on tv . I love this game ! Buy it 's worth it
 hi my name is homer datz y i got dis my sons name is bart my daughter is lisa my wife is marge no afromy last name is the simpsons this is a great game buy it for only 19.99 $ at ebay
 What else can be said . It 's basically Clue with Simpsons characters . If you like Clue and you like the Simpsons you will be happy , we are .
 I really like the Simpsons . I have all of their seasons and many other books and other games of the simpsons . I have loved clue ever since I was a little girl , and I think this is a great edition of clue . Lisa is miss scarlet , and the weapons include a plutonium rod and poisoned donut . this is a great game and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys clue and the simpsons .
 Plays exactly like the original Clue game , just with Homer , Bart , etc. . . Teaches deduction and problem solving skills . Really funny characters , weapons and rooms .
 This game is like the original Clue , but the weapons , characters , and rooms are different . My son and I love playing this game ! It helps with his reading skills also , which is a plus .
 Our children are 7 , 9 and 11 years young . They all love this game and want to play it every night . My husband and I even find it amusing . It is a new rendition of the classic Clue and even mentions all the characters that we are familiar with along with the Simpson character names . We are enjoying this purchase .
 I bought this for the simpson lover in the house . I enjoyed playing this game with my daughter . The game appears to be well made . The plastic characters look really good . My daughter enjoyed the game very much . It was very easy to follow the directions . I was never a big Clue fan before . I would recommend the game .
 I was really pleased with the Simpson 's Clue I purchased from Amazon . It was a Christmas gift for a friend and it was his favorite gift of the season ! The packaging was great , it was clean and in great condition after being shipped . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I got this for my son for Christmas -LRB- he 's a big Simpson 's fan -RRB- . I always enjoyed playing Clue when I was young so I think this would be fun for us to play together . The fact that they use places and `` weapons '' that the Simpson 's would most likely use -LRB- radioactive donut , anyone -RRB- . I ca n't wait to play this game .
 I love to play this game . The object is to determine who killed Mr Burns . You put the different cards in an envelope and it will be different every time . There are differnt weapons , like a poisoned donut , a neckace , or a plutonium rod . I 'd give this game two thumbs up !
 Okay , so it was Christmas when I got this , but I did n't get it , my brother did . We tried the game and loved it ! I 've never played the original clue , but I loved this one ! It 's probably better than the original . I mean , it 's The Simpsons ! Who does n't love them ? Their everyones favourite yellow family , unless your in love with lego people . All I suggest , is buy the game and you 'll love it , I know I did!The characters in this game are
 We bought these for our daughter back when she was three - she 's always been huge into puzzles . While this says 6 and up , she is more than capable of having a blast with these puzzles.Colors are vibrant and the puzzles are well-made . They are a blast to put together - we point out all the animals and count them ... and can identify the planets now . I wish they made more of these puzzles , they 're so great !
 My son received this game when he was 5 and he still likes playing it 2 years later . It is fun without the pressure of a win/lose scenerio . I 'm ordering one for my nephew who just turned 5 . I highly recommend this game .
 Secret Square is one of several games we bought that we still play . Older kids can play according to the instructions , but it is easy to simplify the instructions for younger children
 The best part of this game is that with a small change to the rules my 5 and 3 year old can play by themselves . In the rulesevery player is given so many small red chips . Then these chips are given to the hider . Since we have a small baby crawling around , I did n't like the idea of all these chips so we just hide the one chip and still have tons of fun .
 I have a 4 year old and 2 two year olds . Although they do n't get the rules of the game , they love starting him up and dancing to his music while throwing him back and forth . Tons of fun !
 I was completely satisfied with the order I placed with Joe 's Games and More . He had exactly what I was looking for and I received my order well before the scheduled date . Prompt service and customer satisfaction are the cornerstone of a great business and He 's got both . I highly recommend Joe 's . as I know I will be a return customer .
 I bought this puzzle for my 4-year-old for Christmas . He LOVES it . At first , he neede help putting it together , but after doing it with him about 10 times , he became able to do it himself by memorizing the color and shape of pieces that fit in certain places . It is a super way for kids to learn memory recall by sight recognition . This puzzle has kept my son busy for an hour at a time sometimes . He is SOOOOO proud when he finishes it ! And he loves Spiderman , so he especially loves this puzzle because Spiderman is so `` cool '' . I highly recommend this puzzle . It has been a favorite .
 Have you seen the TV show CHOPPED ? The four chefs compete in three stages to create a meal starting with the appetizer , then the entree , and finally the dessert . Each round starts with a basket of secret ingredients that they must use to make their course . This game is a little like that.First your guests are divided into two teams . Each team has their own kitchen . Before your party you go out and purchase the groceries on the list . Your guests play a game to win and steal ingredients . Once all the ingredients have been divvied the cooking begins . Each team has a set amount of time to create their meal without using recipes . They must create an appetizer , main course , side dish , and dessert.A cassette tape included in the box also contains music . At the sound of the buzzer all cooking must stop and the foods are served and judged by appearance , taste , and there can even be a prize for `` The Dish the Dog Would n't Eat . `` The host of the party simply provides the kitchens , and snacks and beverages . The guests do all the work . It is a lot of fun . If you are looking for something different , you found it .
 Brain Quest does it again ! My older daughter has the decks , and my 2 year old son got this for his birthday . We do n't turn the cards face down to play -LRB- as the instructions say -RRB- , but lay them out face up so he can pick out the matching cards to be put back in the box . He loves seeing and naming the different animals . When he does n't want to play this way , he enjoys dumping the box out just to watch the cards fall . It 's one of the few things with a bunch of pieces that I do n't mind having around ! Gave it a 4 for durability , just because the cards are made of paperboard and can easily be lost or ruined . But this is a great `` toy , '' and I will be looking at the other preschool Brain Quests for him , too .
 This is an excellent and fun game for my 21/2 year old , my husband , and me to play . It is also a game that I have n't grown tired of -LRB- which is important ... as I 'm sure you 'll agree -RRB- . This game reinforces vocabulary -LRB- 24 different animals -RRB- , taking turns , and consentration -LRB- you must pay attention to be able to make a match -RRB- . I would recommend this game for young children . My son wants to play it every day and has n't grown tired of it in the month that we 've owned it -LRB- nor have I -RRB- . We also own the Brain Quest Lotto game , which is fun as well .
 Do You Know What a Dromedary IS ? Well , I 'm a little embarrassed to admit that I did n't know what one was until my son received the `` My First Brain Quest
 I picked up quite a few interesting toys for my son and I to play with together , that will help him learn and this toy was very good . Its cards have some very interesting animals and my song loves flipping through and playing with it . I would suggest this to other parents .
 `` My First Brain Quest
 The model has a very good accuracy.It can be part of a larger collection of models.The scale is proper and you can also make a diorama with other models from this brand.It ` s really a beautiful toy .
 This is a fun toy for kids . My 4 year old needs help building the color pattern . They dont play the game much , just like to build and knock it down with the jack hammer . So they build different stacks and knock out one at a time to see how many can be knocked out without it falling . I have had this for about 2 years and it still works . I would recommend for ages 3 to 5 .
 We got this game for my son for his 4th birthday because he asked for it . One of his friends has it . So , I knew what to expect . For him , it 's a lot of fun . It has a battery powered jack hammer to knock out the blocks . You use a die to tell which color you have to knock off , and you have to put the blocks back on top . We skip the last part . But it is a lot of fun to play it with him . He can even play it with his 2 year old sister .
 This crossword puzzle will certainly keep you busy for quite some time . Lots of unique clues that range in difficulty level , and an easy to reference answer booklet make this puzzle seem slightly less than impossible to finish.A bit difficult to hang up -- the puzzle comes in several large sheets which you have to tape together and align.The geometric pattern of the puzzle looks great from a distance , but just make sure you have a large enough wall to hang it on -- it 's a bit overwhelming close up .
 I bought two of these sets on a whim for my grandparents for Christmas . Both sets of grandparents were shocked and entirely pleased with them ! They all love words and scrabble and crosswords , and loved the idea of framing the final result and placing it on the office wall.I love that this is set up in small squares for ease of entering words , but I 'd bet that it is a little awkward to put on the wall without help . Very cool product , and a great choice for a gift .
 My son -LRB- just turned 4 -RRB- loves his new crocodile . I like that it is not the really heavy , solid plastic which could injure his little sister . One word of caution - there is a small -LRB- chokeable -RRB- plug on the bottom which popped out before we even took off the tags . I used a fast-drying glue for plastics to secure it back on . Overall , it 's a hit .
 My son loves animals and received this for Christmas last year . Since then , he and his brother have used and abused the poor crocodile but it still looks like new . Since it 's foam , when used as a weapon , it ca n't do any damage which I like . A great toy for a great price !
 We have purchases the foam crocodile , brontosaurus , and stegosaurus for our toddler son . HE LOVES THEM . The crocodile is his best buddy . He brings it with him everywhere . It is very durable and soft . I do n't have to worry about the toy hurting him or another child . I recommend all of these products . -LRB- in fact I am in the process of ordering T-rex from santa ! -RRB-
 Since I went to the fort worth zoo I figured I would get a souvenir of My favorite animal . Last year it was the pig , but it was inactive this time . Luckily I found another favorite : the zoo 's living dinosaur . They had an alligator too , but the croc actually swam around . It was breathtaking . Now I knew i wanted a souvenir of him ! I could n't find any schleich or Papo replicas , so I went for a toy I knew I 'd have someday because of the adorable tag image : this massive 2 footer of a toy . I own the mega t Rex , my sister has the smaller 12 inch and my other sister has the triceratops , so I knew what I was getting . First off , it 's not styrofoam but a nice soft rubber that could n't hurt a fly , plus the toy is also durable because of this . Would ` nt take him in baths though . The teeth have yet to shed their paint as do the claws , wich is amazing for these types of toys . The skin is rough and bumpy and the belly is softer , making it realistic . The legs also have scales , and light reflects off the eyes . You almost expect it to come to life and take your arm off it 's so realistic ! The inside of the mouth is n't painted except for the teeth but the tounge and roof of the mouth are sculpted nicely . The only reason I gave it less educational value is that the tag says crocodile but the toy 's belly says alligator . It looks more like an alligator but despite whichever you imagine it to be in gameplay he is detailed and durable with safety taken into account as well . It may be hard to have fights unless you have enough room but if you do this croc has a tail great for tail whips -LRB- even though crocs do n't do those if your using your imagination it works and wins -RRB- and because it 's entirely soft rubber you can move his jaws really well to deliver bites . My poor t Rex is always putting his toe right where it 's needed for a snack . Other toys -LRB- it 's okay scale with my 12 inch final wars Godzilla and my sisters barbies . -RRB- would have to be at least 12 inches to be in acceptable scale . A tip to make it easier : he fits with any giant foam animal planet toy . If you ca n't find what you want in those , then stick to toys 12 inches or taller/longer . Overall , super great day and super great buy to match .
 This Paint Mixer is awesome ! You can always count on Crayola for quality toys . My daughter loves creating her own colors . She mixes the paint herself and feels like a scientist ! I would recommend this to anyone for a unique and fun toy !
 Our family has enjoyed this game for almost 50 years . Each new generation loves `` the penny game '' , as we call it . By relaxing the rules a bit we have been able to include children younger than eight . It is a great way to reinforce number sequencing for children and yet has enough strategic possibilities to keep the adults interested .
 I started playing this game as a child . Have loved it all these years . Last Thanksgiving several adults had a wonderful time . Try it with friends , you 'll love it .
 Tripoly is a fantasic adult game , especially if your friends love gambling ! A great game to take out with a bottle of wine and six to eight friends . Better than `` POKER NIGHT '' -- since , you do n't have to know anything about the game to have a blast playing it . We always assign each color chip a dollar amount , similar to poker just to make the game more interesting -LRB- AND FUN -RRB- .
 I have two children 6 -LRB- boy -RRB- and 10 -LRB- girl -RRB- . They LOVE playing with little tiny toy dogs and cats -LRB- ex
 seamonkeys are great . i got them for my friend then my other friend wanted them!i lost the food and they all died but just now i saw 2 alive . MAGICAL ! They lived with no food execpt the junk on the bottom for 3 or 4 months!these are great , i recommend them a lot .
 this is a great toy i remember it from when i was a kid and it arrived 2 days after i ordered it . thanks to gidgetsgadgets for shipping it out right away !
 Brings back memories ! We have enjoyed watching these each day ... and amazing how big they get each day.Great Family Gift when you do n't know what to get someone !
 Q
 This is the most amazing toy ever . I have never before layed eyes on such a beautiful toy , i 'm obsessed . I wish i could take it to work , but sadly , they have forbidden me to take it anymore , fore it takes up my valuable paper-pushing time . : -LRB-
 Ahhh Seamonkeys . I recieved my first tank as a child and have been a fan ever since . I grew up and Seamonkeys stayed a part of my life , an important part . After attending culinary academy I landed in a position assisting a chef at a hotel . As time went by I yearned more and more to create my own signature dish . I wanted a pasta dish , reflecting my medditeranean herritage and passion . Fumbling with many alfredo and carbonaras , always missing was that grand flavor I was after ... that magic ingredient . One night , returning home from a dreadfully long night ; I noticed the last of my latest colony of Seamonkeys had perished . It was saddening , but I knew they lived long and happy and that this was the cycle of life . And then it hit me ... I poured the contents of the tank into the kitchen sink , sifting the water through some paper towels to catch all the little critters bodies and other sediments . I placed this under a heating lamp for 48 hours to dry everything out so I could try my brilliant idea.Finally , on that 3rd day everything was ready . I may have rushed with the pasta , but the sauce was grand . A thick tomato sauce , slow cooked and brimming with aromatic basil and garlic . I took my Seamonkeys ; I stirred them in . In a matter of seconds I was delighted to notice the tantalizing hint of seafood in the scent of my sauce . I lifed the wooden spoon to my lips . Perfection!My dish became an instant success , and added to the menu . Many a peer has tried to pry my secret ingredient from me , but to no avail.I will not tell you what hotel , or even where . But just remember next time you are out having that chefs special medditeranean pasta ... it could be me ! Buon appetito !
 well I 'm 15 and i wanted a pet so i pick sea monkeys and i got to say there really cool . I just do n't like that in this package only came with the 3 bags and i tank . I was hoping for the bubble tool and the plasma too , But everything is good . I also have a question how did i came with around 20 monkeys and now i got around 7 still swimming why is that ? but everything good .
 Sea monkeys are fun to see swim around but are boring for younger kids because they do not do anything and even though they are `` guarenteed '' to live up to 2 years , they never live longer than a month . Yet , I LOVE these guys . It gives kids a sense of ownership .
 I used to have Sea Monkey 's mine lived for an incredible 7 years -LRB- got them at the age of 10 and had them till i graduated high school then my dopey cat knocked them over -RRB- i never once had to add new eggs because the little guys were always reproducing i even had one i wore around my neck for 3 months till he died ... then 4 little suckers hatched in there and i put them in the tank with the other ones . Makes great pets for an apartment or kid over the age of 10 and if properly cared for will live for many many generations -LRB- plus if they die and the tank dries out just add purified water again and viola more sea monkeys -RRB- try putting them under a black light -LRB- it may have been one of my mutant ones but -RRB- they emit a soft reddish glow in relation to the black light .
 s.i had them for 3 months untill i lost the food -LRB- but then seretly i put it in my moms pond -RRB- . i also brought them on the airplane in a water bottle and they survived . They even got through security . i really didnt have any problems with them . you just got to follow the directions carefully .
 Length :
 Was a ton of fun . My son & I watched them grow up.The sad news is they did not survive for long .
 Pros : Arrived QuicklyAs AdvertisedJust As I Remembered Them When I Was A KidCons : These Were Purchased For A Gift Basket , And Have n't Been Sent Yet
 I got these little sea monkeys for my nieces . They absolutely love them and love to learn about the little brine shrimp . Its a great way to entertain children and teach them a small amount of biology on the side . I even had fun setting the stuff up for them ! I only rated durability as a 4 star because you cant really let the children move it around too much . Its more of a let it sit and watch type toy . Either way they love it !
 I was excited when the eggs hatched . They are relaxing to watch . I am glad I got them so I can do something besides work in college .
 It is day 9 now . They are starting to get their tails . I only got the basic items but I ordered more accesories frow the Sea-Monkey official website , -LRB- ... -RRB- . These brine shrimp are a great way to communicate with Science through ways of having fun . This product is a great find .
 I recived this set for christmas , and just today two of my adult sea monkeys died . i fished them out with my aqua leash and held them in my hand . they feel like a Sticky Hand !!!!!!! and the manufactuer says they are real pets , but to me , they are just swimming gobs of Sticky Hand . still , i 'm impressed about their `` gooey Cutness !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '' '' '' ''
 When I saw it in the store I just had to get them . I read the handbook many times . I was very excited when the sea monkeys hatched . They are very tiny and white.They are the perfect pet but you have to follow the directions on the box carefully . You need to to 3 tasks each day to their cage . So it may be hard for younger children to care for them . I am going to get more sea monkeys because they taught me a lot about reading all directions . Also because you do not have to take them on walks or give them a bath like other pets .
 Sea Monkeys are truly amazing ! They hatch right when you add bottled water !! They are really gentle and swim in perfect whirls ! I highly reccomend this set because this is the tank that started it all !! It is every kid 's dream to actually hatch and grow instant life !! It is really true what the manufacturer says ! Sea Monkeys do not require high maintenence ! They are really fun to watch , do n't take up a lot of space , and are easy to set up and care for !! Any Sea Monkey Set makes the greatest gift a kid could ever ask for ! Just remember never to place the tank in direct sunlight , and never place it on an unstable surface or where it can get knocked over or they 'll die . Carry the tank with both hands but never ever pick it up from the lid . When they hatch , they are only about the size of the period at the bottom of the exclamation mark end of this sentence !
 Sea Monkeys are a great buy for kids or older people . I bought them for my mother who is 83 and unable to get up and move around . She has enjoyed looking at them grow ; they are still living after moving around from the rehabilitation hospital , skilled care , and back home ! It is definitely a good buy .
 I live alone and I ca n't really have a cat or a dog because they demand a lot of attention and care . To be honest I ca n't even take care of myself properly LOL what to say of a living creature friend . So I decided to listen to some friends and buy sea monkeys . They are fun . If you follow the instructions in a few days you have some living ones swimming in the bowl . It 's a nice way to have a little life in your apartment . And trust me , they are easy to take care of . Food once , maybe twice a week . Never change the water ... that 's it ... Easier than flowers ... And you always have the feeling you have something to watch.Good for kids too , to teach them to have responsability when taking care of something . It 's fun !
 Sea-Monkeys are highly educational and children really enjoy them and their sceintifical features . While playing and having fun with a colony of Sea-Monkeys , children learn to have responsiblity and they hardly even notice it ! While gaining so much responsiblity parents really gain childrens trust . Every aspect about the Sea-Monkeys are educational , because the children really want to learn how to take care of their pets without too much help , so after reading so much about them , they expand their knowledge !
 I remember having these as a child and loved them . To my surprize my boyfriend had never even heard of them . So as a gag gift for 2008 Xmas i bought him this exact set . He laughed it off when he opened it . So first attempt didnt go so well , he `` accidently '' fed the little guys a LARGE SCOOP ... -LRB- he didnt read the directions well -RRB- so it ended up in a big green mess with no survivors ... so i thought . After changing the water ever so carefully as to not lose the stuff on the bottom of the tank , possibly future eggs . I added more water and aerated the tank by blowing bubbles in the water with a straw ... it was kind of like CPR because after a few days WHAMMO little sea-monkeys started swimming again . Needless to say its 06-21-09 and they are still around.Its a trip to watch them swim around and fly into each other . They grow really fast . How you can not get this for a child is just wrong , and if you never had them as a child you should splurge now because they are just as fun now as they were then . They also make a great conversational piece . Super Easy and Super Fun !
 This was a gift for a young girl who enjoys them very much . In fact , I still have my own Sea Monkey Ocean Zoo from 20 years ago ... and they are STILL thriving !
 I bought sea monkeys for my younger cousin last christmas and he loved them . Just the fact that he is the one that read the directions and `` did it all by himself '' was realy neat . He realy enjoyed watching them hatch and grow , and remembering to feed them . All in all these pets are great for younger kids who would like to have a little responsibility but without giving parents an animal to have to look after
 I begged my mom when I was around 8yo for these ! They only lasted that summer cause they were accidentally knocked over :-LRB- Came across these again 16yrs later and HAD to have them ! So far they are growing nicely . After about a month I have 4 adults and 3 to 5 babies swimming around ! Only problem is trying to keep our cat from getting too curious LOL !
 Hi , anyone who thinks it is kind of weird to have them hatching after water , it reallly does work . They live for around 1 and a half years , well mine did , they are little fascinating creatures , great more for a very first pet for kids .
 The whole family -LRB- even the grandparents were involved ! -RRB- had been trying to look for a t-rex just right for our pre-school aged son , but we could not find a t-rex that he wanted anywhere until I found this one . This t-rex foam is just the perfect size for our son , he has a lot of other little dinosaurs , but he does not care to play with them . I give this toy five stars overall , it 's very durable , it will not break like all other plastic toys . It 's soft and easy to carry everywhere . My son loves it because he thinks it is just absolutely huge and it looks so much like the real thing ! I highly recommend it to parents who have been on search for the perfect t-rex for their kids , the whole family loves our new t-rex buddy !!
 We purchased this foam t-rex a while ago for our 4 year old daughter Zoe . She has wanted one for the longest time and they were always sold out , toys r us finally got them is and we bought one , we now wish we would have bought more to give as gifts for christmas and birthdays for her friends and family.they are durable , soft , -LRB- she sleeps with it -RRB- and more life of a life size dinosaur . I would not recommend getting him very wet because of the stuffing it gets yucky and takes forever to dry.t-rex has been through some tough times -LRB- typical 4 year old rough play -RRB- outside playing in dirt and being thrown around down slides , walked on , also tough times inside as well getting in fights with the plastic dinosars , ect . he is still in excellent condition , no tears or holes . he wipes clean very easily with a wet rag.i did put him through the washer -LRB- gentle cycle -RRB- once -LRB- he was left outside at overnite durring a rain storm -RRB- and then into the dryer on low heat with a couple towels and he is still in excellent condition ! This is a must have for any dinosaur lover ! a great buy at a great price , super durable too !! i cant wait to get more !!!!
 My three year old son -LRB- soon to be four -RRB- does love this `` Mommy T Rex '' -LRB- Daddy is a remote control one who is `` meaner . '' -RRB- . He plays with it alot and it is soft enough to not worry me during battle , but its lip busted open and the foam-like material is leaking out . We just tell my son that her gums are bad . Otherwise , a great toy - for my son 's birthday this year , he has requested the Steg , Brac , Shark and Croc . So I guess if he reviewed it , he would agree that it is great - despite the leaking gums !!!
 This toy is HUGE ! I bought it for my 2 and a half year old son . It is alittle big for his small hands but he still plays with it . It is very realistic and durable . It is soft , so I love the fact that it dose n't bang up the furniture and my sons little finger when he is fighting with his other Animal Planet animals . I also purchased the Animal Planet Lion , Gorilla , Elephant , and Stegosaurus . ALL are great toys !!!
 I bought this for my 4 year old nephew and it was his favorite present . He does n't want to ever be without it . It is soft but able to put up with being thrown around .
 My 2 year old nephew gets a lot of toys for birthdays and Christmas , most of which include Elmo in some form . I wanted to get him something different , and Toys R Us was running a deal buy one get one half off . So I picked up the T-Rex and Triceratops.I thought he might be scared by them , and I was hoping not -LRB- but if he was I was just going to keep them for myself -RRB- . Immediately , he began carrying around the T-Rex , kissing it and making it roar softly . It was quite possibly the most adorable thing I 've ever seen . Time will tell how durable it is , but it 's really cool looking and is apparently very kissable . It 's also surprisingly soft without feeling frail .
 This is an awesome toy!I was in the store at Christmas and saw a woman fill her cart with these.I was curious and bought the T-rex as a cute visual for under the Christmas tree.Well my son -LRB- 5 -RRB- tells me all the time how that was the best gift he has ever gotten.I have gone back to get another -LRB- t-rex needs to fight some thing -RRB- and have not found them.I came on this site only to find they are on sale.I would advice getting more than one because they are alot of fun and the best gifts!P.S . if you are a mom and tired of gettting hurt playing battle with your son , this is the answer.They are big but made of foam , so no scratches or bumps from fierce battles : -RRB-
 T-Rex has become our daughters favorate toy . Everywhere she goes he goes with her.She is learning all about dinosaurs and has many other similar toys but T-Rex -LRB- or sharptooth -RRB- is the best.She takes out books on dinosaurs from our library and corrects our pronounciation of dinosaur names ... < G >
 Wake Me Willy is wonderful . Actually , I bought it for my mother who had some hearing loss and could not hear her alarm . It talks to walk you up , which worked great . It has many sayings like `` hurry ... you have to go to school '' and other fun ones . It also vibrates , which is really fun . My mother would laugh when it vibrated . Fun for children ; I wish I had one when I was young . Also a nice diversion and alarm for young-at-heart adult . I 'm happy I got it for her .
 I love animals and saw this shark . I went to buy it.Igot it and ... I think this product is GREAT ! The size is smaller than I expected . But Im glad it is because my nephew who is 6 months will chew on it . It 's so funny how it does n't break ! The material is soft , and it looks a little bit different from the one shown . My niece is 2 and she 'll play with it in her little house . but then I have to ask if I can play with it even though it is mine . So I go swimming with it and when I come out of my pool , THERE 'S ALL THIS WATER IN IT ! Im like uh-oh . my Dad said '' this has to stay out here now '' . im like why ? '' because it has water in it . '' So the 2 of us had to take turns squeezing the water out . Then I got him inside . THANK YOU ! other than that , awesome product if you adore animals especially sharks I would totally get it if I were you .
 Thoron is one of my favorite dragons in my collection . He has a mask that can be removed . He roars when you push the green crystal on his armor . His head moves all different directions . His arms move up , down and sideways . His body moves from side to side . His wings and tail move out and in . This set comes with a mini tower and a warrior . The only problem is that the ax easily falls out of the warrior 's hand . I like to battle Thoron against Stendahl . It is fun to have both of these dragons . They are awesome !
 This is perfect for any stop-motion animator . With over 30 posable joints , Thoron is inexpensive compared to other figures.Also , Thoron 's nemosis , Stendhal , is a great figure for animation .
 Thoron is probably the best overall dragon ever released for the Dragons line of building sets . The details on this toy are magnificent and the wings are huge ! This truly is a dragon worthy to be purchased by anyone who enjoys mythical creatures , let alone other Dragons set collectors .
 This is a brilliant dragon , by far my favourite slightly bendy around the waist , so that means if you spin him round too quickly he will twist round and start flying upside-down !!! Apart from that he is the perfect dragon .
 this dragon was a little more durable then Stendhal . Stendhal 's jaw just drops of at will . the design of these dragons are awesome and come w / a connector board for a dragon rider as well .
 Our league changed to this size ball this year . WOW , what a difference in our first two age groups ! PK-K and 1-2nd graders were much improved using a ball they could actually handle.The ball quality itself is good , no problems that I heard .
 I 'm not going to tell you this is the best basketball ever made , but for $ 8 and free shipping you really ca n't go wrong with this thing . And , chances are if you are buying the `` rookie '' size ball , you are n't looking for NBA quality . I ended up buying this ball on Amazon because I could n't find the `` rookie '' size ball in ANY retail store.I received the ball quickly , blew it up and it was ready to go . The bladder holds air as well as can be expected , and the surface of the ball is at least as durable as more expensive balls . It was perfect for my 6 year old in her 1st season of hoops .
 this ball is a great tool for my boys . I have a 5-7 yr old team and this is the size ball -LRB- 25 inch -RRB- we use in our league , and we were using a 27 inch ball at practice . But since we have started practicing with this ball I have seen an improvement in our shooting and ball handling . I would recommend this ball for kids that are just starting out , it is the right size ball for them .
 I purchased this for my seven year old granddaughter . She is very happy with it and wants to dribble and pass as long as we can play with her . This is the same size ball her age group plays with in the basketball league she is a member . The price was very good .
 Worked really well -LRB- grip , kept its shape , quality and bounce -RRB- until I ran over the ball with my SUV accidentally .
 Not much to say here , except it is a nice ball for the young athlete . It arrived completely deflated , no biggie we have a pump .
 I was a little nervous to purchase this ball after reading some of the reviews but I went ahead and purchased it due to lack of options in this size catagory . I have to say I think it is a great ball and I am glad I did n't waste the money on a pricier version . In fairness the ball gets used minimally , at best 4 hours a week but we inflated it when it arrived and that is all we have done thus far . It was easy to inflate -LRB- be sure to wet the needle first -RRB- and it has served it purpose as a practice ball for our basketball star in training . I say go for it if you are on the fence ... Happy shopping !
 If you put air in it , it will bounce!If you do n't put air in it , it wo n't bounce!Kids prefer it with air in it.Great for 3-6 year olds .
 If you put air in it , it will bounce!If you do n't put air in it , it wo n't bounce!Kids prefer it with air in it.Great for 5-8 year olds .
 My daughter got this for her 4th birthday last June and she has loved it since then ! She was able to play most of the games right away , but some she has grown into and been a bit more challenged by -LRB- one where you locate the first vowel in a word , for example -RRB- . My younger daughter -LRB- now 3 -RRB- enjoys the music playback and tunes playing features of this computer , as well . I will say that my almost 5 year old is beginning to grow out of this a little , but it still has more miles for her -LRB- and for her younger sister ! -RRB- . Overall , I have had no complaints about this toy . A great toy that is educational , fun , and challenging at times .
 I think this toy is very cute . It really helps kids have fun and learn at the same time . Kids have a vivid image of going to work like Mommie way to go Amazon and Barbie .
 My daughter and her friends fight over this toy , it 's terrific . We think it 's good , hard thinking kind of fun for a young -LRB- 5 to 8ish -RRB- child . You may get very tired of Barbie 's ultra perky voice , but your daughter never will !
 I got this toy when is was little and it is GREAT!It tought me about the letters and numbers and more.If you are thinking about buying this you better think yes.It will teach them great inportant things .
 I bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter last Christmas.It was the one present that she has used time and time again.It is durable , entertaining and educational , a pretty goodpackage to give a child you love .
 My 6 year old got this for her birthday last week and ca n't put it down ! She loves playing with it . Even her 4 year old sister wants to play with it , but since she does n't know math -LRB- the only part she has explored -RRB- , she gets frustrated . I 'm sure her older sister will get lots of use out of it . The best thing about it is that it is all-inclusive - no dangling parts or cords to come loose .
 I bought this toy for Christmas for my 2 year old . Shes does n't know enough yet to do all the games , but she 's learning fast . She loves to hear Barbie 's voice , and will sit down often with this toy so she can learn . It has about 8 different games . Letter games to teach letters , and sounds , a vowel game to learn about vowels , number games , and music games . Its great to have a learning toy that keeps my kids coming back again and again .
 My daughter got this for her 4th birthday and she loves it . Her twin brother got a different one -LRB- obviously -RRB- and he does n't like it as much . The B-bright is very simple and can be easily operated by pre-schoolers without help from adults . I love the menu slide on the side because my daughter can go from one activity to another without having to enter a game code . It 's very cute too and entertaining . Recommended highly for kids under 6 .
 I purchased this item for my neice approx . one year ago , for her birthday , and she loves it . She turned three then , and I was suprised at how often she played with it . She takes it with her everywhere . What impressed me even more , is how much she has learned and acomplished in one years time . I recomend this to any parent who wants to introduce their child to computers and learning with the joy of watching how much fun they are going to share with you while doing so .
 My littler girl loves this laptop . One because its Barbie and the other she has her on computer and she doest 'n use my . And she has learn a lot in very littler time .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter . She loved for the short time it worked . It is so not worth the money if Mattel makes them last for a few weeks.It started by Barbie repeating the same thing over and over again , no matter what button she pushed , then it was humming and then finally started to make an awful noise.We tried to fix it for her , in the end we pulled the batteries out to stop the noise . Toys R Us was not even going to listen to my complaint and Mattel could not care less . I guess Made in China should have clued me in on the quality of this product .
 I bought this toy for my niece for her 4th birthday . I am very happy with it overall , she literally squealed with delight when she opened it . Her entire birthday party was crowded around it at one point , and that made me very happy . Her mother tells me that she uses it constantly , and the functions , by their very nature , are educational . My only complaint was that I was unable to find an `` ethnic '' version . I wish Mattel would broaden their spectrum and make a version with a non-white Barbie pictured . This may not mean much to some people , but having a non-white role model is a good thing for young children .
 I ordered this laptop because my daughter who is 20 months old absolutely loves computers . When we enter the Apple Store she runs to the children 's area and starts playing with the mouse . She especially loves my own laptop . Upon seeing her very own first ` computer ' , she was extremely delighted and could n't wait for me to open the box . The keys are large enough for her fingers to engage and I esp . love the educational aspect of this toy .
 First off the good :1 -RRB- Parts were an easy fit and instructions were easy to follow .2 -RRB- Nice detail in the engine .3 -RRB- Nice weight .4 -RRB- The die cast metal parts had a nice paint . Now the bad :1 -RRB- The rubber spark plug wires were too short to stay in place .2 -RRB- One part was very fiddly to put into the right orientation to fit into the model.Overall a very nice model and it fitted in next to my 1971 Hemi Cuda very well.It is currently displayed with a scale miniature engine hoist .
 This is probably the best Revell model kits I have ever seen . The metal engine body feells just about right even thought all the other parts are plastic . Building is quite easy , but it 's still challenging if you want to make it perfect . Wonderful gift for muscle maniac!Some of the parts needed a little additional sanding and polishing , but the total quality is much acceptable .
 Great product and awesome build quality I will definitely be buying more . Great detailed instructions and it is something to do when you have a little bit of free time .
 Great quality , craftsmanship and it looks just like the real thing !!! This product deserves an A + for ease of assembly !!!
 In my shop with my street rod and other rat rod and race car projectsthese make a great display and the quality and detail is fantastic ... Friend had one in a Ply road runner and it would scare you at 50 mphand stand on the throttle , they really make some power .
 At first I did n't exactly know what this game was , but when my dad explained it to me and we played it , I loved it . Being a poker lover , I naturally came to love this game . I liked the combination of the different games . It was so much fun to play . I have n't grown tired of playing it yet . I do n't think I ever will .
 we love to play this game , i wanted it for so long but just amazon had it . you have to buy for a family time .
 I purchased the Princess Forever and Tinkerbell Sassy Pixie for my daughters for Christmas . I have n't given them to them yet but have tested them . There are pros and cons ... Pro
 I brought this product for myself being 40 and thifty , I figured it would serve it 's purpose . I found this product to be very good . The play quality is great . My only complaint is that I could only fit 26 songs on it . With that being said , I would recommend this product . It serves it 's purpose , and you ca n't beat the price !!!
 This was a gift from somebody to our -LRB- then -RRB- 2-year old son . I did n't think he would like it . I thought it would be just another toy that was taking up space . But he immediately loved it . He still plays with it two years later , and now his two-year old sister plays with it , too . And every child who visits our house gravitates to this toy . There is just something fascinating for kids about configuring the chutes and watching marbles roll down . Highly recommended .
 This is one of the most creative toys my son has ever enjoyed playing with . The marble run keeps him and his friends busy for hours , this same company also manufactures a Super Marble Run , which is simply a much larger set . My ADVICE - BUY IT , and you will also enjoy seeing your child have hours of creative building & play .
 I bought this marble run for classroom use , but I enjoy using it myself . I 'm working on my teacher 's certification and bought this as an activity for a unit I designed on the six simple machines . I think it 's a wonderful hands-on way for students to learn about inclines and such . Truth be told , I 'm infatuated with it . The colors are very eye-catching and it 's great fun to work with . I ca n't wait to use it in the classroom . Another reviewer suggested buying two sets , which is a good idea . If you know a child who likes building toys -LRB- blocks , Legos , etc. -RRB- , get them this marble run . I loved that stuff as a child -LRB- still do -RRB- and I truly enjoy this marble run .
 I really like this toy , but would highly suggest getting maybe 2 sets . There are only 30 pieces , and the set it pretty small . Otherwise great toy .
 I 'm not certain that the product I own is the exact one advertised because my parents bought me the toy when I was four or five and that was well before the 90 's . Anyhow , the set I had was quite similar , or at least the same concept . I have to admit , no toy thrilled me quite the way my marble run did . I spent hours building unique structures for rolling my marbles down . I 'm not exactly sure what the appeal was , but it was very neat to build something yourself , drop the marble in at the top and then watch and listen to it roll all the way down . I guess it 's appealing in the same way that those wacky gumball machines at malls are . Anyhow , it was a great toy , entertained me for hours , and seems to be timeless . Significantly more educational than watching television or playing video games and far more satisfying .
 My son has a passion for marbles . So my Husband and I decided to buy a marble run . After his birthday party was over , it was the first toy he wanted open !! He played for two hours that night alone before he was interested in any other toy !
 I have one of these at my house and my grandsons LOVE it !!! I just bought 2 more for birthday presents . It is fun to play with for both kids and adults . I would say the age range is 3 years old and up . Endless ways to build it and they ask for it almost every day .
 This marble run is very sturdy quality plastic . We had one in the past that was very flimsy . The Galt marble run pieces are heavier plastic and fit together well . The pieces stay together well while building different creations . There are 4 basic pieces included that can be put together . My 3 and 5 year olds had no problem putting it together and even I had fun playing with it with them . Great solid choice for the price .
 of course it cant compare to the wooden sets that start at $ 40 on sale but it is very cute and I think it was worth the purchase . I got this to encourage my 3 year old to gain some interest in building things .
 I always wanted one of these as a kid . I finally got to play with this one that my younger cousin got . It 's great for any kid who enjoys building things . Helps develop problem solving a bit too .
 My kids -LRB- ages 3 & 5 -RRB- got one of these sets as a gift . They did n't seem to have enough pieces to make the marble runs as big as they wanted , so we purchased two more sets as add-ons . They will play with them for hours ! Great educational toy promoting creativing and problem solving skills .
 This is a lot of fun , I like the way the marbles sound when they 're running through it . It 's very colorful and the ways to construct the towers are virtually endless . My husband is the technical type so he loves to build a lot of different configurations for his and daughter 's enjoyment . It gives mom a break and everybody wins . I have a hard time constructing anything that works well so it 's not really MY type of toy .
 I got this set for my son when he was four . I would put most of it together and he 'd play with it for hours . Now , he 's seven and enjoys building his own ` run . ' It keeps him busy for hours and hours as he builds , rebuilds and improves his ` run . ' The plastic is sturdy , and this toy engages him both physically and mentally . It has stood the test of time in our home and I highly recommend it !
 . How many of us adults can correctly recite ALL 50 State Capitals?This educational product -LRB- yes , it 's more than just a toy -RRB- is a terrific learning device for children ... or adults ... of any age . Push any State and the Talking Puzzle announces the State name , capital , motto , etc. back to you ! We purchased this for our middle schools kids to memorize all of the State capitals , and it has worked beautifully . The plastic puzzle pieces are also removable so one can test his/her knowledge of every State 's location in the U.S. by replacing it correctly on the map.Having looked at similar products ... board games , GeoSafari , books ... this is the `` hands-down '' favorite by far ! And for about 20 bucks , a sure winner!We strongly urge the manufacturing design team who created this to produce a similar product for World Capitals ... what a fantastic global learning tool THAT would be ! In the meantime , the `` USA Talking Puzzle '' is YOUR ANSWER to painlessly teaching the U.S. States and their capitals to children ... or their parents ... of any age.Enjoy .
 This is a wonderful educational toy !! Scholastic definitly has a hit right on the mark with this wonderful addition to the world of children 's educational materials !! I bought this for my 3 year old son and all three of my kids -LRB- ages 6 , 5 and 3 -RRB- can not stop playing with it !! It teaches them what the state looks like on the map and important information about each state . On top of the wonderful educational value , your child can improve hand/eye coordination by putting the puzzle together . If you are a big supporter of educational toys/materials , then this is a must have . You will not be disappointed with your purchase !! Do n't miss out on this super value , they are sure to become hard to find !!
 We liked the description of the map puzzle and thought it would be perfect for our puzzle-loving toddler , but we read an Amazon review -LRB- dated 11/03 -RRB- noting that the upper peninsula of Michigan was colored the same as Wisconsin . Obviously , accuracy is important for an educational toy , so we planned on buying it and painting the piece to fix the Michigan problem . But when the puzzle arrived , both parts of Michigan were yellow , and Wisconsin was blue - the manufacture has fixed that oversight!Note however that some of the small Northeastern & New England states are combined on single puzzle pieces , so in fact the puzzle only has 44 pieces , not 50 . Toddlers wo n't mind because the puzzle is fun , but parents might think twice before buying for children trying to learn all the states .
 My two granddaughters -LRB- aged 2 and 5 -RRB- have this puzzle and both know most or all of the state capitals and state nicknames . The 2-year old especially puts together the puzzle , dumps it out and puts it together again over and over for hours on end . My daughter says that when neighbor kids visit , this puzzle is the toy of choice . Based on this , I bought one for my grandson , aged 3 .
 I bought this for my 2 year old grandson , he already knows most of the song `` America the Beautiful '' and he knows what state he was born in and what states that his family members live in . The puzzle part of the map is a great idea too , it took a few times but he can get almost all of the puzzle put back together on his own.The toy is a bit loud , but what the heck , kids love louder things ! I ca n't wait to get him the World Map.I would purchase this item for any young child , it is fun for us grown-ups too !
 I purchased this toy as a Christmas gift for my 7 yr old . He loves maps . I find my 21/2 yr and my 5 yr old playng with it all the time . My 5 yr old knows his states and capitals and my 21/2 yr old already knows approx . half the states and where they are located . This is and excellent toy . I highly recommend this to any parent for any child.As far as durability ... this this has been tugged and dropped , and is still perfect .
 My 4 year old loves maps , so this was a great Christmas present for him . Now he knows where all of the states are and almost all of the capitals ! He also knows the Pledge of Allegience now . The only thing I do n't like is the speaker is on the back of the puzzle , so if you set it on the carpeted floor or couch it 's muffled -LRB- and you have to lay it almost flat otherwise the pieces will fall out -RRB- . But the volume is real loud if you hold it upright and there 's no volume control . But overall , it 's a great toy and one of my son 's favorites . I bought another one for a family member and she loves it too .
 My 4 year old daughter LOVES this and plays with it all the time . She knows ALL of the states and capitals ... it is amazing !
 This puzzle is so great ! I searched and searched for a puzzle of the United States for my 5 year old daughter . I was looking for something to help her learn the states/capitals , etc. . This seemed to be perfect and IT WAS !!! Now , my 22 month old son loves to play with it too !! Take a chance , BUY THIS TOY . It is NEVER to early to LEARN !!!!!
 I bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday and he loves it ! He is able to do it completely by himself and he is now beginning to remember the state names and their capitals ! It gives him a great headstart for school . It is easy to show him where we live and where his relatives live . The only thing that could be changed is the pieces could be magnetic so they do n't fall out when it is tipped over . Other than that , it is great . The storage drawer is sufficient size to hold all the pieces.A great buy !
 This is a great product . I realize that the New England states are too small to be individual pieces , but , it would have been nice .
 My grandson just turned 2 and we bought this for his birthday . He mastered it in a couple of days and now is starting to learn which State is which along with it 's Capital . I have sent pictures of it to relatives who want to buy it for their grandchildren .
 Has drawer to hold the pieces . Plays America the Beautiful and recites pledge of allegiance . We like it .
 My son -LRB- 5 -RRB- and daughter -LRB- 21/2 -RRB- both love this toy . They have learned a lot of U.S. geography in just 2 weeks !
 We have a neighbor who has this toy and we play with it all the time . I 'm looking into getting one . My son is 2-1/2 and he loves it . What is really cool about it is that each puzzle piece has its own separate compartment so you can put as many pieces in as you want and they wo n't slip anywhere . Some of the pieces are small so you have to be careful around infants -LRB- do n't want anybody to choke -RRB- . Also , there is one puzzle piece that is 3 or 4 new england states combined in one puzzle piece . Does n't really do a good job teaching the kids those states , but it 's not a big deal . My son is really learning his states and where they are on a map . Great toy ! Two thumbs up !
 I bought this map toy for my 4 year old son and he LOVES IT !! He had shown an interest in maps and I thought he would enjoy it . He plays with it everyday and within 2 weeks already has memorized half of the state names and knows where all the state pieces go . The only thing that he does n't understand is when they give the state nicknames .
 This toy met all of my expectations as a gift for my seven year old grandson . He absolutely loved it . He will learn state names , capital cities and location and best of all have fun learning . His mother was impressed with the storage compartment . I would recommend the USA Talking Puzzle for all families .
 This product is great for my 4 yr . old daughter . She has fun doing the puzzle over and over again . I like it because I do n't have to sit by her each time she does the puzzle for her to learn the states .
 My 4.5 year old boy really likes this puzzle . He 's learned more than I thought he would in such a short time . Good purchase .
 FOR KIDS WHO LIKE PUZZLES , WHAT A GREAT WAY TO LEARN THE STATES ' LOCATIONS AND THEIR CAPITOLS AS WELL ~ ~
 This is a great toy and my daughter spent an hour playing with it the second it arrived today . She 's having fun figuring out where the states go and loves listening to the songs . I can see that it will only be a matter of days before she learns the states and their capitals.However , we were a little disappointed when we pushed on Oregon , the state we live in . The puzzle used the common mispronunciation of Oregon as `` Or-i-gone '' when the proper pronunciation is `` Or-E-gun . '' I truly think an educational toy should have the proper pronuncation of all states .
 I bought this for my 2 year old last year for Christmas -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and this year she is saying the pledge . She can sing . `` O Beautiful '' too . I love this puzzle is it great . The hardest part is keeping the states together . I put them in a bag to keep them together .
 I AM SO IMPRESSED WITH THIS PRODUCT . MY 2 YEAR OLD SON HAS HAD THIS FOR A COUPLE OF MONTHS AND ALREADY KNOWS ALMOST EVERY STATE BY NAME AND EXACTLY WHERE THEY GO . HE WENT TO HIS COUSINS HOUSE , WHERE SHE HAD A HUGE CARBOARD FLOOR PUZZLE OF THE STATES AND HE WAS NAMING MOST OF THE STATES OFF . SO HE KNOWS THEM BY SHAPE . I AM SO IMPRESSED BY THIS . WHAT A GREAT INVESTMENT . I WISH NEKTEK MADE A WORLD MAP OR OTHERS LIKE THIS . IT IS GREAT !!!!!!
 This is a really great teaching puzzle . The kids learn the compass by pressing the letters of the compass , states & captial cities by pressing the states , national anthem when you press the statue of liberty as the pledge of allegiance when you press the flag.It has a carrying handle and it also has a slide in draw to keep puzzle pieces.My 4 year old Grandson could n't keep away from it , he started to put his Aunts & Uncles to the various states.As Geography seems to be the lost lesson in school this is a wonderful way for a child to learn the USA !
 We bought this talking map puzzle for our three-and-a-half-year-old friend who has shown an interest in maps and geography at his preschool . He is absolutely enthralled with this puzzle ! He 's already memorized many of the states and their capitals from playing with this , and his parents are pleased that it keeps his attention for long periods of time.A real winner !
 This has been more than I expected !! My 5 yr old puts the puzzle together and knows where almost all the states are and their capitals within 2 weeks !!! Well worth it !
 We bought this for my son 's 4th birthday ... he absolutely loves it ! He learned the Pledge of Allegiance and most of the words to `` America , the Beautiful '' in a couple of days ! My 17 month old also loves listening to it!Really worth the $ $ !!!
 I bought this for my daughter when she was four . She is now six and still plays with it all the time ! I 'm amazed at how much she has learned . We live in Michigan and I am aware that it is attached to Wisconsin on the puzzle but I assure you that my daughter knows that the U.P. is part of our state . Now , I will warn you that the music will drive you CRAZY !! But a little duct tape over the speaker can fix that little annoyance . I think its a small price to pay for my daughter knowing the pledge of allegiance when she started preschool . And YES they still say it every morning in our school district !!!
 This is the best learning aid I have seen so far for getting kids to learn the fifty states . My six-year-old son has been able to memorize them all , and he started with this map when he was three . Now my younger son , age three , is starting to learn with the same map , and my older son is beginning to work on state capitals.The map 's audio identifies each state when pushed , also gives the state 's nickname , and its capital . The board also has permanently affixed buttons that play the Pledge of Allegiance and the song America the Beautiful . The map pieces can be lifted out of the board and presented as a puzzle challenge . This really helps children identify states by their shapes . Many competing map puzzles just stick together six or seven states into a simple puzzle piece . Only the tiniest states in New England and the Atlantic Coast are joined into single pieces on the map , so most states are the shape of their puzzle piece.If I had a nitpick about this map , it 's that it would be nice to have a locking feature that can prevent the pieces from falling out once the puzzle is assembled , because young children will scatter and lose the state pieces . It was more important to my kids to build the name and location recognition than to solve the puzzle challenge , so our temporary solution was to take clear packaging tape -LRB- the wide rolls -RRB- and gently tape over the whole map , to hold all the puzzle pieces in place . Now that the kids are much more responsible about cleaning up , we 've removed the tape .
 I bought this for our 3 almost 4 year old son because he is obsessed with maps . He took to it right away and plays with it daily . I ca n't beleive how fast he has caught on to all the states/capitals and already is singing `` America the Beautiful '' I love this puzzle as much as he does . On our map the UP part if Wisconsin is yellow to match Michigan . I saw on a previous review it was the same color as Wisconsin and that could be confusing because it 's part of Michigan and should be colored that way . It was correct on ours so maybe they fixed that.Anyway , HIGHLY recommend this toy . It 's a great puzzle and learning toy at the same time .
 This was bought as a Christmas gift intended for my -LSB- ... -RSB- , but my -LSB- ... -RSB- fell in love with it instead . At age two he knows pretty much all of the states and their capitals thanks to this map.The volume is just the right level , not too loud . It 's wonderful that it comes with it 's own storage drawer for the states , which actually stays shut and does n't spill all over while you carry it around . You do have to be careful not to let it get stepped on though . States that get stepped on stop working . Some of the smaller states are a definite choking hazard for kids who still put things in the mouth .
 We got this for my 2.5 year old son , he loves to memorize things and this toy was right up his alley . He is now 3.5 and knows every state , capital , motto , and where they go in the puzzle . It certainly did n't take him a year to learn it all , I just ca n't remember how long that took . Anyway , the Wisconsin/Minnesota thing is correct on our toy , and I think the sound quality is very good . The words are very understandable for the most part . I know someone else who reviewed it had a problem with having multiple states on one puzzle piece but good grief , do you really want teeny tiny pieces laying around ? We all love this toy .
 This toy was purchased for my 4 yr old daughter and 2 yr old son . They both absolutely LOVE putting it together and within 1 day learned The Pledge of Allegiance . It is so amazing to see my daughter recognize some of the states before putting it together!This really is a wonderful educational toy and I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in teaching their children a little about geography .
 My son received this puzzle for Christmas when he was 2 and still loves it now . One day he started rattling off the States and their capitals , my husband and I were floored . For a child that enjoys puzzles this is a wonderful addition .
 My son is a USA puzzle nut , so he was thrilled to receive this gift . What I especially like about this puzzle is
 Very educational and fun for my 3 year old Will last her for years .
 We had this States puzzle when my guys were little . They played with it so much that soon they knew not only the States , but also the State Capitals ! When you place a piece into the correct location , it tells you the name of the state , the state capital and the state nickname . The only annoying thing is that it plays America The Beautiful when you press the flag and it takes a long time to play . There is a drawer -LRB- at least on ours -RRB- on the side to hold all of the pieces for safe keeping and the bonus ... if you lose a piece , you can order more from their website !
 It 's a great way to learn the states and the capitols ! It gives you that spatial memory that can be so important . We use it and a few other items to make up our own map game . It could be improved . A quiz mode would be great ! The names of the capitols printed clearly somewhere -LRB- even in the pull out slot on the side -RRB- would be nice because many kids learn by seeing . And what about the star spangled banner ? It 's got the pledge of allegiance , and America the beautiful , which are fine and all but the Star spangled banner is arguably one of the best national anthems on the planet , why not include it?Also some note about how Alaska and Hawaii are out of scale and out of place . I understand this might not be easy , but they could include it on a supplementary mini book , or a few cards . Do n't get me wrong it is a great tool , but I am left filling in a lot of the details . Also the storage pocket works not too well to store the pieces as it wo n't close when all the pieces are in . Last gripe is the state names could be printed more clearly . You do need pretty good light to read them.I bought this during the recent presidential election so the kids could visualize what was going on better and have some understanding of the complex nature of our democracy . We like it . Do n't stop making it please , but considering the limitations , it could be a few bucks cheaper . Actually now that I look at the price , it is a few bucks cheaper than what I paid!A side note , we also have the leapfrog globe but the kids are really still too young for that . This is something different altogether , and worth buying I think . Use it for a year or two and then donate it to your school ! Or pass it on to the cousins , just do n't lose the pieces ! Unlike a globe , the information contained is not likely to change.A software version would be a great !
 Fun toy to help kids learn about the states . Sings America the Beautiful as a bonus . Good for kids with motor difficulties and ca n't use a smaller puzzle with cardboard pieces .
 This is a great learning toy . I purchased for my 3 year old neice and she loves it and already know half of the capitols , etc. by heart . It is a great refresher course for us parents ... Highly recommended for all
 This toy is just the BEST my 3 years old son is lerning so fast and we spend more quality time as a family , this puzzle is for everyone no just for kids , I love it !!!!!!!
 Did my Christmas shopping on line for grandchildren . Bought two of the USA puzzles . One worked and one did n't work on one half of the puzzle . The puzzle that works has been my 3 years old 's favorite gift . She has almost memorized the entire puzzle . Another problem that should be addressed although is the correct pronounciation of Oregon . The person in the puzzle says Orygon . -LRB- WRONG -RRB- Also , Boise -LRB- Idaho -RRB- is pronounced wrong . These mistakes , by all means , should be corrected . I find it hard to rate the durability of the puzzle being one does n't work !!!!
 This is a great trick and is pretty astonishing . It comes with great directions for everything you need to know and is such a good rope , I hate cutting it in the trick .
 We love it , my son has one just the same but blue it 's survived 3 + 1/2 years .
 The stylus is small and hard to hold and the screen is difficult to see in most lighting.I use an un-clicked ball point pen and once you find the angle to hold it so you can seeit works great .
 My vocabulary is expanding as I work these puzzles . I understand why NY Times is the epitome of crosswords . Challenging , but with help close by . Love the &#34; deluxe &#34; version over my &#34; regular &#34; version because it highlights mistakes , so I can fix them before I get too deep into a puzzle . Thanks , Excalibur !
 I wanted to buy this puzzle as a gift for a friend of mine who is not really a big fan of puzzles . This one , however , turned out to be a big hit.The tiles are made from a heavy cardboard , so the pieces feel durable . Since there are only 9 tiles , it is very portable . My friend loves cats , and had a fun time trying to put it together with her family .
 I have one and my Aunt and Father both in their late 80 's , love this game . This is a great puzzle to help with concentrational skills .
 Like the others of this kind - this puzzle is good for all ages -LRB- 8-99 -RRB- It is very easy to work , only 9 pieces ... and yet it is a pretty challenging puzzle . There is only one way to put it together correctly . It is great for working with people on problem solving skills . It is also good for a team 2-5 -RRB- people to try and solve together .
 I have come to love these puzzles . The are generally tough to put together . The package says 4 to 99 . I have n't seen any children that could do it and it challenges most adults . I love the challenge and have bought many . Brain teasering !
 Very addicting !! The kids just love it ! They will keep at it until they finally get it right . Better have more than one in the house as they will be fighting over them .
 These are great little puzzles you can carry anywhere . Young & old will enjoy trying to fit the different pieces together .
 ONe of the more difficult B-Dazzlers would be more fun if I could solve it !
 Very addicting !! The kids just love it ! They will keep at it until they finally get it right . Better have more than one in the house as they will be fighting over them .
 This has to be one of the best Buick classic releases ! Kojak 's Buick Regal . . and one of only a handful diecast molds of the 4 door classic ! A definate must have for the Buick or Kojak collector !
 This is the string that I use very often.After long hours of research on which strings to get for my racket , I have came up with this one !! Excellent qualityVery durable as well as affordable price range.Very Satisfiable !!
 This string is nice for the money . I 've played tennis all my life and am now 24 . This string has been a lot easier on my elbow than some of the other prince , Wilson , and head string types I 've used . It 's got good control , a solid feel , but maybe not quite as much `` pop '' as some of the better strings I 've used . Durability is good , I play with a lot of spin and pretty aggressively and have made it through about 10 hours of play without breaking a string yet , although it is starting to look a little frayed in places .
 I am about a 4.0 player and have tried just about popular type of string on the market through over 30 years of tennis -LRB- cheap synthetics up to the most expensive natural guts -RRB- . I keep coming back to Prince Synthetic Gut with Duraflex -LRB- 16 gauge -RRB- and will probably never leave it again.For the very affordable price , this string offers a great range of qualities for many players . It is simply hard to go wrong with this string.The only reason I can see someone needing to use something else is if you have one or more unique situations -LRB- arm pain when using this string , you play at a very high level and every bit of `` feel '' / `` touch '' matters to you , etc. , etc. -RRB- . But , for most recreational players including team/tournament players who play just for fun , this string is hard to beat.Do natural gut strings play better than these synthetic gut strings - you bet but only marginally . And , natural gut also costs significantly more and they break more quickly in my experience ... hard to justify natural gut unless you make money by playing/winning at tennis , or you are just rich with a money tree in the back yard.For most of us who hammer away on the courts on the weekends , our string plays less of a role than good fundamentals and mechanics or strategy . Get Prince Synthetic Gut strings , and work harder on your mechanics . The money you save by buying this string versus more expensive options can and should be used to pay for private lessons . Private lessons are far more valuable to your game than expensive tennis strings . Good luck !
 Perfect allround string for medium to oversized rackets . Because of the euro and import taxes next time better to order within the EU ... ; - -RRB-
 This is the string that my club strung my racket with during high school tennis . The durability of this string is horrible . It breaks after less than 4 hours of play . It does feel soft , so I often use it as a cost-effective cross string when stringing with more expensive poly mains .
 EVEN MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN PICTURES SHOW . LOVE THEM AND I KNOW MY GRANDDAUGHTER WILL WHEN SHE IS OLD ENOUGH TO SEE THEM
 This toy is the best `` educational '' toy I have . I bought it for my 4 and 5 year olds and they have consistenly played with it -LRB- supervised so they do n't lose pieces -RRB- all year . Both my kids have sensory integration issues and mild autism . THey resist looking at words to `` read '' but they love this toy . Kids can choose what they want to spell , numbers , different vehicles , animals , etc. . Next to each picture are colored squares with holes that correspond in color and number of pegs to the letters that belong there . The letters are plastic tiles that fit nicely into the cards . My kids are so excited when they can `` spell '' this way , all by themselves .
 What an awesome spelling tool ! I bought this for my 4-year old daughter , and we both absolutely love it . By using specially designed tiles that can only fit in their appropriate spots , this `` game '' makes learning to spell fun and easy . Only provides positive reinforcement -- because the tiles will only go in the right place , your child ca n't fail . Comes with many colorful picture cards .
 I tutor in a local elementry school and have found this product to be very beneficial with both my students . I feel my grandaughter will enjoy spell time .
 I was amazed by how quickly a student took to spelling and word recognition with this aid . It appeals to kinesthetic , visual and oral learners alike ! Being able to use phonics as well as ` whole word ' , while employing touch is of great benefit . That there is the visual reference -LRB- in the color coded tiles , organization of the tiles themselves , associated illustrations , even the bumps on the back of the tile pieces -RRB- , is great !! I wish there were additional word templates available to purchase for when a student had finished all the included templates . The templates themselves are a little flimsy , but they are supported by the plastic box in which they rest . This is one of the best aids I have found for students with mild autism . For daily five or choice time ... the kids always pull this one out of the bin . I am really disappointed it is not currently available . If you can find one ... get it . . and hold it near and dear .
 My kids were slow to learn to read because they used to get letters backwards and mix them up . For example , they could n't tell the difference between a `` b '' , `` d '' , `` p '' or `` q '' . Spell time really helped . They carried it around everywhere , played it in the car , etc. . The basic idea is that the kid sees a picture -LRB- say a ball -RRB- and must put tiles in the correct slots to spell what they see . A `` d '' -LRB- or any other wrong letter -RRB- will not fit in the slot for the `` b '' . So , if they get it wrong , they figure it out and keep trying.There is nothing electronic , it 's a simplest , clever idea to get kids learning to spell . Our kids , at least , definitely found it fun and considered it a toy , as opposed to some educucation thing our parents want us to use .
 My son is dyslexic and really needs the hands on learning . This has been awesome for him to study his spelling from school . The cards are great for `` playing '' . But we use the toy to spell out his words from school . Since he can see what he is doing and easily switch around the letters he has learned much quicker than traditional `` studying '' .
 My 4/12 year old son loves this learning game . In order to spell the word correctly , the letter has to `` fit '' in the spot . That is the first clue . The second clue is the color code . He has become a great speller ! Terrific for ages 4-7
 The only complaint I have about this toy is that it is a little flimsy . It 's really great in every way though . I just wish that the letters locked down somehow and that the plates locked down too - but otherwise I love this and we play with it a lot . I highly recommend it !
 This is a unique puzzle that can entertain all ages for many hours . Very satisfied with quality , value , receipt time and fun factor .
 This is a great puzzle !! I got it as a gift for my mom and have n't been able to figure it out !!
 Every ` Cars ' fan will like this game . My four year old son and I haveplayed this game for hours . The price/value ratio is good in my opinion as well .
 I bought this to go on my dining room table for Halloween -LRB- next to the disected frog that sings `` Nobody knows the trouble I 've Seen '' and the fake amputated foot -RRB- . I put it in a jar and it looks pretty good . It might look more realistic if I put it in water but I was afraid it might lose it 's color . It could be a little bigger too instead of the size of my husband 's :-RRB- but I 'm happy with it .
 Perfect for giving someone a piece of your mind , without the cost and mess of giving the real thing .
 I purchased this brain to use in a prop that I 'm making for Halloween . Think ` Mad Scientist ' and this brain will be perfect for that prop . It 's exactly the right size and the coloring of the brain I received was much more subdued than what 's pictured here . I got exactly what I wanted and I 'm very happy with my purchase . Now I 'm off to make the cool prop to go with the brain ...
 I used a brain like this as a prop in my movie ` Pumpkin Man ' which I directed back in October . Pumpkin Man cut the brain out of my grandma 's character , and he forced my aunt 's character to eat it ! I highly recommend BLOODY BRAIN !!!
 the details on this thing is pretty good . I shoved it in a specimen jar with some water . . could n't get better than this !
 I placed this brain in the middle of the candy caldron and the kids loved it . A couple even tried to take it with the candy .
 So glad we ordered this , we have it floating in a big jar with colored water . Very neat prop for a Halloween party or just for decoration . I love it ! Might order a second one !
 This is a great toy for a 2-3 year old , maybe older . I bought it a while ago and my grandson still gets a good laugh when the clown pops up .
 I ordered this for my 10 month old baby . From the photo I was n't sure what the quality would be , but I was very impressed with both the appearance and durability of the toy . It plays the traditional pop goes the weasel song as you crank the arm , and the clown pops up right when the music does the Pop . I think it looks very beautiful and has that sort of vintage look . My baby did figure out quite quickly how to open it without turning the crank and waiting for it to pop , but he still enjoyed it . It of course has the usual drawbacks of the baby pinching their own finger by trying to close it , but that is the case with any jack in the box . I think it would make a great baby shower gift or birthday gift for a one-year old .
 I was very happy with this toy.I had ordered it as a Christmas gift to replace the one that a little six yr old autistic boy that I work with had . I had looked in several stores and could not come up with one that was the quality as far as sturdiness , sound and the cuteness of the clown inside as his old one.When I recieved this one I was extremely pleased , . It was colorful , sturdy , had a good sound and the clown was very cute.It was reasonably priced and I had it within days after ordering it.Thank-you I was very happy with this purchase .
 My daughter enjoys this toy , but needs some help with rotating the correct direction . This a toy that all kids enjoy .
 I brought it for my friend 's daughter for her 1st b-day . I tried to play with it before giving it to her , and I really like it . I 'm planning to buy another one for my baby .
 `` Silly Circus Jack-in-the-Box '' is beautifully crafted , works well , reminded me of one I had as a child - gave me a happy feeling to see Jack pop out of his box , and I know the child who received this gift will feel the same . You wo n't be disappointed.Customer
 It does not `` pop '' with the explosive violence and loud noise that I remember from my childhood . Not as startling , and therefore perhaps not as fun as the Jacks-In-The-Boxes from the 1970s . My children seem to find it only mildly amusing -LRB- but amusing , nonetheless -RRB- .
 I purchased this toy for my childs first birthday . She loves to see the colorful animals on the side and to hear it play when you wind it up and jack jumps up . It is fairly well made and durable . The jack is a little hard to get back down inside to close the top , so a parent will have to help little ones with this toy . This is the type of toy that you sit on a shelf and only allow the child to play with it , while being supervised , because I do not think it would hold up to rough play and being dropped on the floor a lot . My older children also find it neat to play with as well .
 This is an excellent product but I believe I purchased it too soon for my 12 mo old grandson . I believe it would have been better when he was around 3 . He is now 18 months old and still unable to put it back in the box by himself , but he does try ! He enjoys it popping out but I have to do it for him .
 Our 2 and 4 year olds love this toy so much that they even sleep with it !! Easy to use and very colorful and no batteries required -- just good fun using a child 's imagination !
 classic jack in the box . Like all others , it must be reloaded at end of song -LRB- may be difficult for little hands to reload -RRB- . Jack had trouble popping up at first , it needed to be broken in a bit . The box is a metal tin . Very happy with purchase .
 Okay , I am going to sit on the middle of the fence with this toy . I will list my positive experiences with it first . One , it 's a gentle jack in the box . It does n't pop out loud or explosively . The music is rather pleasant . My 21/2 year old had no trouble using the crank to get it going . Both my 21/2 and 13 month old were not afraid of it and enjoyed it very much.However , my jack in the box lasted all of 3 months . I took it to a friend 's house one weekend the first month I got it . They had an 18 month old . Between the 3 children , they managed to cave in one side . The jack in the box still worked , though . Fine . Then after about that month its popularity died , and the jack in the box was played with rarely . Just recently , my 15 month old pulled it out and we played with it and when the jack popped out , it only popped halfway . I think the spring got messed up . I am assuming my little one was a little rough with it . I do realize this toy is recommended for 18 mos and up , and I also am saying that my little one can be a little ungraceful and rough handed with toys -LRB- but not extremely rough -- I never saw her slamming it around or throwing it , but I 've seen her be rough handed with toys -RRB- so you be the judge . I just thought my experience could be helpful . I am sorry this toy did n't last longer in my home as it is a classic , batteryless toy that my kids enjoyed -LRB- I guess a little too much . -RRB- I am torn about whether I would recommend it . I would not recommend it to the average child under 18 mos since most kids this age tend to play hard with their toys , but I would n't necessarily recommend it to the older set because all it is , is a jack in the box . The play is limited , and I doubt it would have longevity .
 I ordered the jack-in-the-box as a Christmas present for my 6 year old , because he had seen one in my 6-month old 's day care and he wanted one too . Needless to say that he was thrilled to get what he asked for , and as a `` bonus '' for me , he shares this toy with his little baby brother . The toy is really colorful , it has a pretty melody and it is really fun for my boys .
 Perfect Christmas gift for a little one - only 5 months old . It will teach her how to laugh .
 My daughter loves this and was just learning to turn the crank on her own when the mechanism suddenly died !! She enjoyed it so much that we 'll get another -LRB- but probably just one more ... -RRB- . Great for a 1-year-old .
 I bought this toy for my granddaughter because she likes the pop goes the weasel song . She loves to watch the clown pop up . With all the new electronic noise toys she has , she goes right for this old school toy as soon as she sees it .
 I bought this for my 18 month old granddaughter and she loves it ! The toy not only delights her when he pops out but teaches her hand eye coordination in putting `` Jack '' back down inside and also in turning the handle . And old favorite that gives hours of enjoyment !
 This is a great puzzle to spend time solving . It 's got fewer pieces than your average puzzle which makes it less complicated , but it 's not easy to put together . It 's size makes it easy to put on a coffee table where you can work on it when you please .
 This is a great gift for anyone looking for pirate toys that are appropriate for babies/toddlers . I bought it as a Gasparilla -LRB- pirate invasion -RRB- present for some `` piratey '' new parents that I know !
 Bought this doll for my 15 month old daughter after she showed interest in my collectible babies . Other dolls available are too big for her to hug and carry around - but this one is the perfect size for her . She puts the baby in the cradle and rocks her to sleep , covers her with a blanket and feeds her the bottle . We have made putting baby to bed part of my daughter 's nighttime routine . The doll is quite durable being dragged around by her leg , arm and head as well as many bear hugs from everyone in the family .
 My 3 yr old daughter received 2 of these dolls for Christmas . The one in the pink outfit & the one in the lavendar outfit . She said they 're twins & plays with them both equally . She has dozens of other baby dolls & only plays with these . She has all of the Little Mommy accessories also & plays with them all day !! She has had other dolls & accessories in the past & has n't played with any of them like she does with Little Mommy !
 My 21/2 year old daughter received this doll for Christmas . Although it does not have all the bells and whistles of the other dolls she received at Christmas , she LOVES it ! It is lightweight enough that it is easy for her to carry . She loves that bottles fit into her mouth and the clothes can be removed easily . We gave one to a friend 's daughter for her birthday and she instantly loved it too ! If you are looking for a basic doll that is durable , lovable , and one that can be adored , this one is it !!!
 My 16 month old daughter received this doll from her Great Aunt after not really showing much interest in Dolls - she has become completely attached to this doll since the day she received it . She holds it when going to bed and still has it when she wakes up in the morning . She feeds it , puts it in her swing , cradle and just carries it everywhere she goes - GREAT DOLL !!
 I bought the Little Mommy doll for my daughter when she was 19 months old . She loves `` Baby '' and the doll goes everywhere that my daughter does . We also have several accessories within the Little Mommy line . My daughter loves to feed and bathe her baby and then put her to bed . I have started buying these dolls as gifts for all of my friends who have little girls . They are the perfect size to carry for toddlers .
 My 4 y/o daughter loves this doll ! She has many other dolls but this is the one she plays with the most . It really is the cutest little doll and comes with cute accessories . I would recommend this doll to others .
 My daughter received this doll at her first birthday party since she was really getting into the other babies at the daycare . Well 10 months later this is still the one thing that she must have with her all the time ! She plays with it , it goes to bed with her and it spends quite a bit of time covered with a blanket sitting in her old baby swing . Great doll and she is a great `` Little Mommy '' , this doll is awesome !
 In my last reviw , I told `` I wont buy any Geotrax Toy becaus my child has 6 years old '' BUT NOOOOOOT . Yesterday I bought this crane , and he played with it all night.This Geotrax Crankin ' Round Crane , keeps things moving . You can rotate to every where , pick up and drop off cargo by hand . This is part of Geotrax 's Geo Motion line , and as Workin ' Town , Workin ' Roundhouse and Liftin ' Roll Barrel Loader , is very fun to play and total compatible to old Geotrax Toys .
 Once again Fisher Price has made a fun and durable toy . My 4 year old son got this crane for Christmas and just loves to use it with the RC geotrax trains and other track systems . He also has the elevation tracks and the airport and it 's so much fun to unload cargo from the plane and then to the crane . My son plays with it for hours ! And it 's so durable , the crane has taken quite a bit of abuse from both my 4 year old and my 2 year old son and it still works like new . We have 2 RC trains and both my kids can operate them on their own and are so proud to make the trains move themselves . We will keep adding to our Geotrax and have fun with it for years . The Geotrax system is a must have for any train lover or any kid who loves to use their imagination .
 my 3 yo loves it . The geomotion system will stop the train as it comes through -LRB- in the right position to load or unload stuff from a train car -RRB- , and uses the train 's motor -LRB- based on a gear on the bottom of the train -RRB- to slow rotate the crain head in a circle.It is great , I sit on the couch with the remote control . Train drives under the crane , stops , the crane head rotates around until it aligns with the load . I use the train remote to stop it , my 3yo cranks on the handle to lift the load , I start the train engine to rotate the load to teh train , stop the train , and he lowers the load into the train . Then he moves the lever that allows the train to leave the building , and I start the train , and drive it around the track.And he does it again , and again , and again . Meanwhile , I am saving my knees cause for this toy -LRB- and only for this toy -RRB- I do n't have to be down on the floor with him.Fisher Price has a winner !
 This is a great product . My son is 3 and it works very well for his motor skills . The Geo Trax is played with each evening !
 My son LOVED this ! It was a toy purchased for a nephew , but he never came so since my son was the same age it was given to him . I never imagined he 'd enjoy it as much as he did . Sturdy , and fun for the imgination .
 Love this ! This has got to be one of the best pieces put out for the Geo Trax System , and we have most of them . This is always added to every layout my son does . It is easy to work and he 's played with it from 3 yrs to 7 yrs , The fact that the kids work the controls themselves helps them understand more about how much weight a crane can hold . As most of you probably know , just because the crane may come with `` crates '' for it to load and unload , your child will find other items not Geo related for the crane to try to load , so this helps them learn as well as just playing . Highly recommend this piece !
 About all I can say is `` I wish I had this when I was a child '' . The Geotrax set and toys are awesome !!! We have purchased almost all of the pieces and we are more than satisfied with the entire purchase as we all get joy from this set . The interactive and automatic play of this set makes it ideal for children of varying ages . I recommend this highly and have to leave with stating that I am sad to see many retailers placing the Geotrax items on clearance or not carrying them all together .
 My baby absolutely loves this toy ! It has rubber feet to teeth on , a rattle ring , a crunchy noised blueberry on the monkey 's tummy -LRB- my son loves that noise -RRB- , a MIRROR under the blueberry , etc etc ! There are just so many different aspects to this toy ! There is even a loud squeaker in one of the ears that actually sounds like a monkey.We did have a problem with the first one we bought where the little green leaf sewn onto the blueberry detached -LRB- !!! -RRB- , but after contacting Manhattan Toy , they were more than happy to replace it and said that they had never heard of that happening before . They had me send them the original monkey so their QC department could inspect it.The toy has a pink strap on the back of the monkey 's neck with velcro at the end , this makes it possible to hang on things -LRB- i.e. a toy bar , the handle to an infant carseat , a stroller canopy , etc. . Very versatile!When my now 4 month old son was very small , he loved to look up at the Monkey and he would smile at its face . He still is enthralled with the monkey 's face and now also loves to play with all the different toys on the monkey . Definitely a great toy !
 I gifted this toy to my nephew , so I really do n't know how he likes it . I like it . It seems like it should be a fine source of entertainment for my nephew.I did receive the toy in excellent condition and in the time promised . I would purchase this item again .
 Bigger than you think it would be . Suer cute . Lots of activity . Nice toy for little ones . Bought it for my 3 month old and the 2 year old likes it too .
 Very cute and well made for my granddaughter.She 's too young right now but I am pleased with my purchase!I am putting it away untill she is cooing and chewing on things.I would buy this again for a gift for another baby .
 I absolutely love this baby toy !!! It has everything a toy should have to teach a growing mind ! It rattles , squeaks , has a mirror , baby can chew on it , etc ! It 's super cute ! Great baby toy ! And awesome brand !
 My 6 month old god daughter ca n't stop chewing on Mr. Monkey and playing with him . When she is chewing , she 's not screaming , so it 's a big win ! Great toy , a friend recommended it and I can confirm that it 's a big hit with the babies !
 I got this for my 3 month old and he LOVES it ! He is completely fascinated by it and talks to `` squeaky monkey '' constantly . Only drawback is the monkey is pink , not orange as it appears in the picture . First thing daddy wanted to know if why I got him a girly toy , but after seeing how entertained it made him we really did n't care anymore !
 I gave this little monkey to my 4 month old Grandchild he grabbed onto it and played with it for sometime . I was so pleased to see how well made it was and how it has so many different things to appeal to a baby . I loved it
 our baby loves this toy ! `` manhatten toy '' really knows how to make unique toys and dolls . the banana can be attached to her hand by a magnet , the right ear squeaks , the right hand is holding a rattle and her left leg had some teething rings . it 's got lots of things to keep her occupied . great colors on this toy as well.i wil be buying more things from this company .
 At 9 months old , this is a perfect gift for our granddaughter . The only disappointment is she is fascinated looking into a mirror and seeing her reflection but the object behind the `` Peek '' on the monkey 's tummy does not have a true mirror effect but rather gives a distorted reflection .
 I bought this for my 14 week old and she loves it . She started chewing on her monkey right away and enjoyed licking the nubs on the back of the feet . The mirror is great and she loves looking the face . All in all I would recommend this toy .
 We have had this toy since my daughter was a few weeks old , and it is one of her favorite . The velcro loop on the back of the toy is long enough to hang securely on high chairs and the stroller , and the feet are perfect for teething . My daughter squeals when the monkey -LRB- with some parental assistance -RRB- does the monkey dance for her . Great toy .
 I love these puzzles ! They keep my 10 year old engaged while he works on solving them . They are difficult , but enjoyable .
 What can I say that has n't already been said about this game ! I saw this same puzzle but with Christmas theme on display in a beautiful gift shop in beautiful Skaneateles , NY this thanksgiving weekend . The sign posted said that I can have the puzzle for free if I solve it in 5 minutes or less . Though I declined their offer to start the timer , I attempted it anyways . I tried for more than 20 minutes to solve it there in the store . It was late and closing time . I could n't resist and got myself this Dog themed one before I left.Well , I ended up spending the whole night until 4:00 the next day , attempting to solve it . So far , no success . I find this to be very entertaining . I will continue my attempts to solve this and will post an update to this review when I do.This game could become a cult favorite as it gets more exposure.It is an American product , made in Canada , so you can be sure that they are n't made in sweatshops , plus I do n't think they contain lead or other dangerous chemicals , hazmats etc. . When I did a research on the game , I found out that the game 's inventors are entreprenuers with high standards and principles.In summary , a very entertaining game , great exercise for the brain and money well spent .
 It was more difficut than it was fun but overall I enjoyed it plus it was a bit confusing . I hope other people can enjoy making models as much as I do .
 Pretty good ! Lot 's of variation compared to other model kits . Small amount of painting required .
 I really like this toy because it is fun and I like the fact that it comes with Trident.I pretty much every Teen Titans toy made so far.This is really fun and I reccomend it .
 This toy is the best to get if you like Teen Titans.I watch it all the time.I got this toy for x-mas and I wanted to play with it on x-mas day.I also opened my Teen Titan action figures that same day and play with them with the tower.At first I did n't know where to put it so I put it in my room.I still play with it even if i 'm going into 5th grade and i 'm getting older .
 im going to go get this toy in a week or so and i would like 2 know if it comes with all the titans
 So much fun!Freak your freinds out!I first did this trick in 4 grade.It toaltly freaked my friends out.I found this trick -LRB- along with a few other tricks -RRB- at my town 's dollar store.I learned the tricks instanly and started blowing kids minds at school .
 Magic coin box made by plastic , not wood like the old days , but 4 year old loves it and it fools all the kids . Awesome trick .
 Purchased this trick for my 7 year old grandsons . They love it , it is very easy for them to do . They have a great time tricking even adults . Great Buy a must have for young magicians .
 this is little fun entertainer . for little kids its fun because there like o my gosh how do you do that ! the shipping was FAST.i love it !
 My grandchildren will enjoy these . However , I am looking for a wooden version of this coin slide toy and can not find one . They were very popular , inexpensive , `` Made in Japan '' toys in the 50 's . Maybe this plastic model is more durable , but the wooden ones were prettier .
 It is what it is !! And yes it works . Perfect stocking stuffer for a 9 year old . I swear it is the same item I had when I was young .
 Perfect stocking stuffer . Classic low budget fun gift for kids . My son really enjoyed this simple but fun gadget . Thank you .
 My 9 year old son loves this . He puts it in his pocket and shows random people his trick , and they are impressed . I do n't like how you can hear the coin jiggling around inside but whatever . He thinks it 's really cool and that 's all that matters : -RRB-
 my son likes to do magic but has trouble doing complicated tricks , this is perfect for simple and easy tricks and is very reasonably priced !
 It works fine ... I just miss the old wooden ones ! They were so much more mysterious looking . Oh well , I guess I got ta move on with the times .
 as a child and as a magician mysef ... . these are what I grew up with , and so great for my grandson and a new way to learn . . great sellerAAAA + + + + , fast ship .
 So much fun for 6 year old ! Loves to amaze people with his ` magic ' . Easy to learn and can use various sizes if coins . Fun trick for the money .
 i had one when i was littleand im 29 now and still remeber this!your never to old for stuff like this and glad i found 1 ! i will have fun with this with co-workers family and friends but wont say how i did it !
 Our grandson Nicholas has thoroughly enjoyed playing with his Shrek figures . They surround him on the couch each time he watches a Shrek movie . I 'm really glad we were able to find them online , as they are not available in the stores .
 This puzzle is wonderful . Everybody thinks that it is an easy puzzle with 9-pieces but when they see the puzzle , everything is change . It is easy to play but it is difficult to solve . My whole family loves this puzzle .
 I was very pleased with these cards . I work in a child development center and bought these both for circle time and free play time and the kids love them . They 'll sit around for twenty minutes looking over the pictures and showing them to each other . They 've learned almost all the names and it 's proved to be well worth the investment .
 I used these in a lesson with my ELL students . The photographs were very clear and the different languages were helpful . I will certainly continue using them in a variety of ways .
 I like the variety of languages . Instead of telling the languages on each card , it has the translated word and a key symbol . You have to refer to another card with the symbol key . Seems like an unnecessary step .
 Got this for a mixed sexes/ages baby shower I was hosting . Everyone from 5-75 men and women alike enjoyed this new twist on baby shower games !
 This is actually not made as cheaply as I expected . My 3-year-old and the 7-year-old big-brother-to-be played with it for quite a while and it still has n't broken . It was a nice , welcome change from the usual crap games you play at showers . It 's actually pretty fun at other parties too . Who does n't like catapulting babies ?
 I bought this for my children when they were 3 & 5 . Although I do n't find it very entertaining , the children love it . Three years later they still bring it out to play . They have learned all of the states and their location because of this game . We have changed a few of the rules to make the game more interesting -LRB- like drawing for a card to determine where to start -RRB- . We also have Carmen Sandiego on the computer but they prefer the board game .
 My 5 year old and my 4 year old and I LOVE this game ! True , the instructions leave a little room for `` imagination '' , but we could play all day . I give this game as a gift and every parent loves it . My preschooler and my kindergartener have learned all their states . No reading skills necessary . I highly recommend it !!!
 I saw the hot air balloon puzzle while on a publicity tour with my husband for his first novel . The store where I saw it did n't have the butterfly puzzle , but I was hooked already . It 's a great way to test your skills , and it 's frustrating at times , but it 's a good brain work-out .
 Very addicting !! The kids just love it ! They will keep at it until they finally get it right . Better have more than one in the house as they will be fighting over them .
 This toy is a wonderful addition to the Geo Trax system . I like that it comes in two pieces , the police car and the towable light . IT is very durable and easy to clean . Being a teacher , it is also very developmentally appropriate as are all the Geo Trax toys . It does n't have many small pieces that could come apart and is very appealing with the colors .
 I ordered this toy for my Son 's 8th birthday and when it arrived , I did n't realize that it required assembly , so here was my Son , all excited to play with his new toy and we had to spend over an hour putting the figures together . Once assembled , he really enjoyed them . A positive to assembling these Stikfas is that you can make their bodies however you want them . So I guess my bottom line is that these are great , fun toys , just be sure to order in advance if it is to be a gift or if your child will want to play with them as soon as the package arrives . My Son did enjoy putting the Stikfas together though .
 This is a great set of stikfas . They have a great selection of modern weapons and it comes with 4 different stikfas . If you do n't know stikfas , they are super posable and fun to play with . they are easily the best posable toys out there , though let it be known that they do wear out if played with alot . I liked this set , would recommend , especially for those who are already fans of stikfas .
 they spend a good part of each day mixing and matching the pieces of their stikfas to create `` custom '' figures that they 're very proud of . it makes it easy for them to play together too which is great because they 're 6 and 12 . great great toys
 4 year old like to build and run the marbles . Kit is a little small for the price but not bad overall .
 Great price for this quality , sturdy marble run . Plastic was nice and thick and easy to create different runs . Kids loved it
 My 4 yr old got this for Christmas this yr . Its nice since it can be taken apart and put away in a small area . Its fun since you can put it together in different ways . Hopefully with keep his attention for a longer amount of time
 My six-year-old and three-year-old have played with this continuously for three days now . I also enjoy it , I must say
 Item is worth what you pay for it . My girls love it . but like anything made today , it 's not built like it was 18 years ago and the plastic is cheaper than I expected . But works well and it 's a good product for the price that I did pay . Would buy again .
 My son enjoys playing with this . It 's quality is great . I would recommend this to others . It comes with 8 marbles which makes it fun to race them down the tubes . good toy .
 Our almost five-year-old got this for Christmas and he just loves it . He builds all sorts of interesting structures and then rolls the marbles down it . It keeps him busy for hours and he is quick to show it to all visitors .
 This marble run had a good number of pieces to make a variety of tracks . Most pieces stay together well and it does seem durable . Like any toy of this type , structure is important when putting it together or it can tip over . My three kids -LRB- 7 , 4 , and 2 -RRB- love playing with this toy , so much so , in fact , that we bought the 121 piece Marbulous marble run to complement it . The Galt track is completely compatible with the Marbulous track as they are both manufactured by Toto Toys.The only two downsides to this track are that I wish it came with a few more marbles and I wish it came with some support pieces that fit on top of the long tracks and the dish track .
 Bought this for my 5 year old grandson . He absolutely loves it . The colorful sturdy plastic pieces make for easy assembly . It only took a few minutes for him to build it with minimal help . He was totally fascinated with the movement of the marbles through the maze . Any regular size marble will fit this toy , so it will be easy to replace marbles he may lose over time . The only negative I noticed after watching him play with it for awhile is that occasionally a marble gets stuck somewhere along the route , but this did n't happen often , and he was easily able to get it going again . Good quality and fun toy ... very age appropriate for a five year old .
 This is a pretty nice marble run set . Our 3 year old is capable of building basic runs with it , and has a lot of fun with the larger ones we build together . You might want to buy two sets for really epic rolls .
 I had one of these marble runs when I was a kid and was thrilled when I got to give one to my friend 's kid . It 's the type you set up yourself so you can change the course . Very fun when used in combination with dominoes .
 My son -LRB- 2 -RRB- loved the first smaller set of marble run so we bought this much larger one so he could add the 2 sets together . The toy is great , he likes to play with it and then eventually break up the marble run he created . Only challenge is the marbles , they tend to get lost quite a bit . One thing that was strange is that with the first kit one of the pieces came with a metel bell that sits in the middle and when the ball runs down it you get a `` ding '' noise . This larger set did not include such a metal bell but the plastic piece was exactly the same as the other kit . Not a big deal but interesting .
 This was purchased as a birthday gift for my 3 year old grandson . It is a huge hit ! He initially needed help for the consrtuction , but has learned how to build a structure himself . Good lessons in cause and effect , planning and physics are learned when building.The delight in this toy has not lessened - the thrill of the noise and the marbles running brings smiles to him and his younger sister - and his dad!I am a bit concerned about the longevity of the pieces.The `` necks '' on the pieces that hold them together may prove to be the weak link . But the hours spent running the marbles will , hopefully , be manyOne issue - the marbles seem to be smaller than some available on the market . We had some marbles that were too large to run the race!Great toy !
 We gave this to our three yr old grandson and it was a big hit - not only with him , but also with the adults in the family as well . Keep everyone entertained for a three day trip to the shore !
 Though I purchased this set for my 5 year old , my 2 year old has spent HOURS building marble runs with it . It is his favorite toy , and has been for months . It is easy enough for him to put together simple runs completely by himself , though the runs my 5 year old makes are `` fancier '' . Both children love this toy . We have other marble sets which are much more difficult to put together -LRB- and thus VERY frustrating when it inevitably gets knocked down -RRB- , so this is the one they play with the most . If it gets knocked down , they just build it again . I highly recommend this marble set for younger children .
 I am surprised by the other reviews . My son received this as a Christmas present when he was 2 . We knew we would have to build it for him at first , which at 2 you do n't expect them to play on their own much anyway . He and his cousin loved putting marbles in it . As he got older , he loved to build his own . At first , I 'd help to make sure they flowed properly , but even if they did n't , he had fun . He was building on his own by 3 . He is almost 4 now and still loves this toy . I admit that when built too tall it is not as stable , but my nephew has another system that is horrible to put together . This one can easily be rebuilt . Do understand that most complex toys require a lot of parent help at first ... that is how the child learns to do it on their own -LRB- this has been true with legos and puzzles for us -RRB- .
 I chose this toy for our grand children first of all . I set it up with ease following simple direction enclosed . It took me very little time to complete the set and I finally was able to play with it ... myself . Well I am a poor grandpa because I was so enthralled with the action that I left it set up in my den and bought another for the grand kids to take home . It is very durable , should be set on a sturdy surface , no carpet . The simple snap together sections worked well . The only drawback is the `` not so perfect fit we of the straight pieces to the curved but that is of little consequence when we all enjoy the hours of wonderful fun together as a family . I highly recommend this and the other Galt marble runs to all .
 This marble toy has been my son 's favorite -LRB- he 's almost 3 -RRB- toy for over a year -LRB- adult supervision is required for children under 3 since the marbles could be a choking hazard -RRB- . It is a simple design , well made pieces that easily fit together to make many different structures with lots of fun for all ages . We got ours on sale for under $ 20 , but if I could n't find it on sale , I would definitely consider this toy a worthwhile purchase . It has saved us on many rainy days when my son wanted to play `` ball '' outside - he barely remembers it 's dreary outside once we pull out the Marble Run ! It also works well for speech therapy drills - they have one just like it at his speech therapist 's office .
 My kids -LRB- ages 3 & 5 -RRB- got one of these sets as a gift . They did n't seem to have enough pieces to make the marble runs as big as they wanted , so we purchased two more sets as add-ons . They will play with them for hours ! Great educational toy promoting creativing and problem solving skills .
 My 5 year old granddaughter loves this toy ! She is able to configure many ways for the marble to go from top to bottom . She can follow a printed design and can create her own . I love to `` help '' her . She explains what is to be done , and I can manipulate some of the pieces - even though she can really do it all herself as well . She prefers to play with someone , and in this game , I am tht lucky one . It is interesting for me as well .
 He can spend a long time building different structures for a long time and is so proud of himself . I think this is a smart toy .
 We bought this for our 4 y/o son , put it together for him as the box shows and he went on to giggle like crazy each time he dropped a marble in . Have since taken it completely apart and put it back together a dozen ways -LRB- watching him figure out how to coordinate the drop holes to go where he wants it -RRB- and it 's still a load of fun . I think I get as much a kick out of this simple toy as he does .
 My friend gave this to my son because it is a favorite in her house . This is a great toy ! This toy has sparked such creative play enthusiasm in my son like I have never seen before . Ernie and Elmo take turns driving the sub to all kinds of places and he also uses this toy in conjuction with other bath toys -LRB- like boats -RRB- . I HIGHLY recommend this toy for kids 2 and up .
 I bought the Tub Sub for my 2 year old daughter because the rubberduck and other stuff obviously bored her . She loved the sub from the first second on and plays with it even when not in the tub -LRB- actually , I had to stop her from putting it into the sink while I was washing dishes -RRB- . It floats nicely and even after almost daily use does n't show any signs of mold or mildrew.The description says all the other stuff could be stored inside the sub - if that 's true I have n't figured out how , but this does n't really matter as my daughter would take it out anyway ... I also like the size of this sub , it is not too big to be handled by a toddler -LRB- like some other bath toys we had -RRB- and not so small it would slip through her hands.I must agree with another reviewer that it would be nice if not all the pieces would float , but then again - my little one has fun with it and she always makes it to throw stuff into the water that most certainly will sink . ; - -RRB- Finally , for that price it is a great toy and I would buy it again .
 When full of water , the sub does float right at the water line . Yes it sort of lists to one side , but what do you expect ? My one and two year olds seem to like it and eagerly play with the sub and the little life boat.By the way , I 've only had it for about a month but no noticeable mold or mildew yet .
 With this sub a child could have hours of fun . The bright colors teach them there colors as they play . For a tub toy the durable little tub sub can last a long time .
 I got this for -LSB- ... -RSB- so it was a great buy . It was a fun addition to our Geotrax collection but I would n't pay anymore than that .
 We received the Christmas puzzle for Christmas and had so much fun with it that I got the golf puzzle for my husband . It is really difficult to solve and so sometimes it is hard to stop playing . Neither of us have been able to solve yet and we have had it for 3 weeks ! We will continue to try and then move onto another one .
 For whatever reason , this simple toy has been my 16 month old boy 's favorite bath/pool toy for the past four months . He loves the spinning propeller and the wiggling periscope . When he spots it floating among his other water toys , he smiles , says `` Elmo '' , and quickly grabs it . He 'll switch to other toys but returns to the Elmo Submarine again and again .
 These ultra stomp rocket refills will be a must eventually . Its always good to have more on hand to pump up into the sky or aim at a target . They fly HIGH and are made well for falling back down to the ground . The blue tails to them can come off causing them not to fly though , but I believe the one tail that came off ours was from rough play / pulling it . We 've owned our set a few months now and it is a hit with our neighbors as well as my son , he always plays with it , and always brings a smile to his face.We left it outside numerous times in the rain and it has n't affected the main unit or the flying of any of the rockets . We brought 2 extra refill packs and probably will get more soon , they really are alot of fun and very good product !
 If you have an Ultra Stomp Rocket launcher , than you already know that it is inevitable that you 'll need more of these . What a great toy .
 I have two boys , ages 5 & 3 . They love just stomping on the rocket and sending them flying . They love it so much that we got it for a gift for one of their friends .
 This toy is one of the best , if not the best , toy I 've ever bought . It 's great fun for all ages . Anyone from small kids to adults can use it . Even the adults get a kick out of using it and the kids love watching how high the -LRB- heavier -RRB- adults can launch the rockets . There 's always lots of ooohs and aaahhhhs . The only drawback is that the kids are always fighting over who gets to stomp next . That 's how fun it is . One other drawback is that the kids tend to be real close to it and you have to make sure no one has their head over it -LRB- while placing a rocket over the tube -RRB- while someone jumps on it . One time a kid got a bruised eye because the big soft bumper on the end of the rocket hit him in the eye when a small , too eager , kid jumped on it too early . Also , sometimes careless kids step on the rocket tubes whilie collecting them and crack them . They do n't hold the air well or fit over the tube as nicely once they 've been stepped on and cracked . I 'd recommend buying some extra rockets because some WILL get damaged by careless kids.Overall it 's a really , really fun toy and we always take it to picnics , Scout camps/events , etc. .
 This refill helps keep the fun going . The Ultra Stomp Rocket keeps my 5 , 7 , 10 , and 13 year olds entertained as they test the different angles -LRB- geometry -RRB- against the impact of the jump -LRB- force -RRB- and other external factors such as the wind and gravity -LRB- friction -RRB- to predict where it will land -- a great get-up-off-the-couch game ! It becomes a contest to see who can project it the highest , the farthest .
 I purchased these stomp rockets for my 3 and 6 year old children . They love the rockets . We take them to the park and have a great time with them . They attract the attention of any other child at the park too . What an inexpensive toy that brings hours of fun .
 THese came to me already opened . . but I guess that 's not a big deal since everything was in the pack . They work just perfectly for rocket refills . Had to have these since we bought the rocket launcher .
 My nephews loved the rocket set that they received for Christmas really easy to take right out of the box and blasting away !
 I bought this for my wives class of 1st graders as a reward and they loved it . Might want to put a piece of cardboard under the stomp part though . It 's a bit thin . Peace
 These are the best stomp rockets ever -- they bounce and are very sturdy . This along with the launcher is our go to gift many times .
 Make sure you get the correct rocket for the correct blaster -- amazon sells three . I recommend extras because the ones the come with the rockets are too easily lost , or eaten by a retrieving dog , over a fence which contains a vicious dog , etc. always use these rockets I. Wide open spaces . They are , truly &#34; a blast ! &#34;
 The grandkids were moving and did not have their toys with them so I sent this and was alot of fun till they got their toys .
 my grandchildren love shooting them up and then going to get them . they are 4 ane 2 years old
 Love this toy for our kids ages 5-8 ! It 's simple , easy to use , and has been hours of fun for the kids in the neighborhood . It 's not very durable and I do n't expect it to last long , but for the price it 's produced plenty of laughs and good times .
 This was a gift for 7 yearold boy . It was the first gift opened and teh kids played with it for about an hour before doing anything else ! They had a grat time and it is good for ` wearing them out ' too ! The only downfall is having to stay off roofs and things , but this would be ideal for use in a park or camping or other oen area . The kids playing ranged from 2 to 10 -LRB- adults liked it as well haha -RRB- ! Would recommend for any boy ... and a great way to get out from in front of the video machine !
 Great toy , low cost fun . It is n't that durable , the plastic is rather brittle , so watch out . Flys true , goes really high . Just be careful not to step on it , often hard with little ones .
 Kids did enjoy this toy . I 'd suggest getting extra rockets also . Kids will be tough on them , and there 's a chance the rockets will get torn , or lost . Overall for the price , it 's a good purchase and does entertain them-ages 2-5 .
 We bought the refills to go with our Stomp Rocket . It came with 4 , but we like knowing that there are extras on hand if need be .
 Really like the stomp rocket . My kids is almost 3 and loves to launch the rockets . Overall the rockets are very durable .
 My grandsons love to play with the Ultra Stomp Rocket . I purchased these refills when I bought the rocket . They have so much fun with it that I just ordered another rocket and refills for some younger grandsons . But , you do n't have to be a boy to like it ... I think girls would also enjoy playing with it ... I just do n't have granddaughters in that age group ... it wo n't be long before they are old enough for me to get them their own rocket .
 I do n't know who has more fun with these , my husband or my son . These shoot very high and are easy to find when they land . I would definitely recommend this toy .
 I bought this for my nephew for his birthday . I needed to come up with something really good for a 7 year old because my Christmas gift was way off the mark . Turns out I hit a home run . He loved it , his brother loved it and all the neighborhood kids loved it ! It goes without saying that it got A LOT of hard use for play over the summer . I bought some rocket refills for him too-just in case - but the Ultra Stomp Rocket is still around after three months of hard use . I recommend this toy for kids who like to run and jump - in other words-pretty much any kid .
 Bought extras rockets to go with the launcher as a gift to account for lost rockets . They were reasonable and identical to the rockets that came with the launcher
 Got the Ultra Stomp Rocket with these refills . Not sure about the proclaimed 200 ft in the air but it does go pretty good with little weight or effort .
 Shipping very prompt . This is an ideal gift for grandchildren and for friends . Kids seem to love it as well as some grownups .
 Pure genius - an inexpensive toy that involves stomping to shoot a rocket up to fifty feet in the air . It 's safe . It 's hours of fun . And the toy is durable enough to stand up to lots of play . I wish I had thought of it first !
 I 'll get the bad out of the way first , the rocket fins are very thin and break too easily . Even if your kids are simply launching them up and letting them naturally fall to the ground and land . The red , plastic fins on the rockets will break , snap , tear , rip , etc. quite easily.However , this does not seem to affect the overall fun provided , especially if you ask the kids . Our kids not only have an absolute blast with these and the launcher , the neighborhood kids all come to see what we 're doing when we 're playing in the front yard with them . These launch reasonably and respectfully high given a proper stomp . My 4 and 6 year olds have no issue with getting them to fly high into the air . They then try to catch them as they come down.These rockets are a great toy provided you have the original launch pad of course . Affordable , fun , and the lack of durability may be purely cosmetic and we 're not letting that impact our overall score too much at all .
 I bought this for my 10 year old grandson 's birthday . He and his Dad and his 2 year old sister played and played with it that evening . I really do n't know who had the most fun with it . It is a great gift that I highly recommend for a 10 year old boy .
 Each year we send a box of goodies to or son at camp , with enough stuff to share with his cabin mates . We put stomp rockets and refills in the box this year , and he said that they were a blast ! Yes , fairly cheap so they do n't last forever , but were tons-o-fun while they did . Good clean fun ... tough to find these days .
 My grandson 's each have a stomp rocket . They love them . I too enjoy playing with the rocket . You need a good open space into which to launch it . I make the rule that everyone is behind the person launching the rocket - for safety .
 I purchased this toy for a friends little boy who is 3 . He absolutely loves it . The Fisher price Geo trax system is one of his favorite toys and this helicopter was a wonderful addition to his collection .
 Scramble Squares are great coffee table / living room brain teasers . They are simple concept and design , while remaining a challenging puzzle ! Plus if you like turtles , this one in particular is perfect .
 I purchased this puzzle because while at a friends house she had the balloon one and I could n't figure it out . It is great if you like puzzles and took me a while to figure out . I would recommend this for people of all ages and it 's a great conversation pieces when you have friends and family over .
 Bought about 8 various Scramble Squares for nieces & nephews ... was the hit of our family celebration ! Great selection to choose from and prompt service !
 My 2 year old son Loves Blue 's Clues and he loves this mail box . The mailbox was bought for my son as a birthday present and he hardly ever sets it down . He wants to have it with him every time he watches blue . By pushing the mouth and pushing the latch the mailbox sings and says different sayings . The biggest plus to this toy is that my son loves it . The mailbox is small -LRB- which can be good or bad depends on your view of things -RRB- and mailbox does NOT open . So it 's just a toy he can carry around that sings the mailbox song from Blues Clues and says a few sayings . It 's only educational value I can see . . is it helps teach your child the Mailbox song . Other then that . . It 's just a toy . But hey , my son loves it , so I wo n't complain .
 The toy is very small but the speaker is extremely loud , my 2 year old loves it and it drove my mother crazy when he took it on his 2 month visit with grandma .
 My grandchildren in England love this puzzle so I sent it to my grandchildren in the USA . They are aged 2 , 4 and 6 and they loved it .
 My daughter loves carrying her `` baby '' in her own baby seat . Makes her feel like a real Mommy .
 hi.this carrier is really cute . it 's a perfect accessory to go along with the new baby born . i want both of them for christmas . i know it 's wierd that a 12 year old still plays with dolls , but i love them and i do n't care what anyone says . my friends do n't know exept for my bff and i do n't intend to tell them . i 've always wanted to be a mom and baby born is almost just like one ! great carrier !
 Well , yes I love it as it is still sitting in the box in the hallway . -LRB- I 've had it a pretty good while ... maybe 5 or 6 weeks ? Yeah I guess I have to actually USE it !
 I really like my Urban Rebounder . It is well made and the handle is great . I would buy this again . In fact , a couple of people have said they were going to purchase one after trying out mine !
 I workout more since I got the rebounder . It 's fun ! Great cardio workout with low-impact on joints . The trampoline allows give when running , jumping , etc. . The Platinum DVD is fantastic ! It 's got oodles of different workouts to choose , keeping it fresh .
 This mini trampoline is a blast ! Its solidly built and just about as much fun as you can have while working out ! So easy to put together and I love that its small enough to move if I want to drag it outside or in front of the TV .
 I am very pleased with the urban rebounder . I have a spinal cord injury and needed something low impact and a way to balance myself . This is perfect . This is one of many purchases I have made from Amazon and as always I am very pleased .
 I looked at a lot of different rebounders -LRB- mini trampolines -RRB- on Amazon.com before choosing the Urban Rebounder . It came in the mail very quickly , package in great shape . I got pinched when unfolding it , but no biggie . Now it lives in my living room and I get on it every morning.There is a dvd that comes with it that shows how to set it up and begin to exercise on it . I did n't care for the dvd since I 've been very sedentary until recently and still have issues with my knees , low back , etc. . I could only do a minute or two with the `` beginners pace '' on the dvd . I replaced that dvd with a cd of Scottish music , -LRB- Amazon.com , The Rogues -RRB- , lots of drums and bagpipes and I am creating my own session for my physical abilities . The music is lively and I can work out to 4 songs now.The rebounder seems to be very sturdy and has the bar attached to hold onto for balance , if needed . It 's a very pleasant form of exercise . Before the Urban Rebounder all I could do was water exercises , so the colder seasons left me doing very little . This may very well prolong my life , and at the very least , make it more enjoyable .
 Now I 'm no authority on rebounders but this mini trampGives us no reason for complaints . . My little boy has a form of autism andAnd it has been said that is due to toxins ... Research reboundinds effects on our cells . . And also autismI also looked up all rebounders and read from a rather expensive rebounders site where they were comparing side by sideAbout 5 rebounders . And all the others were trashed by the expensive rebounder Except this one . And I think I know why . . This company has been around and they worked out all the bugs . There is no odor out of the box . The mat is firm and we just love it !! Thank u Urban Rebounder . Great price and free shipping . . It 's black with red strip too not blue : - -RRB-
 There is research that trampolines actually promote better brain function -LRB- you can google it -RRB- . My almost 7yr old figured out the assembly without opening the directions and we had it up in minutes . A little bit of a `` new tire '' smell out of the box , but not awful . I bought this for my child -LRB- who loves it -RRB- , but I 'll be using it for workout purposes also . Definitely more fun than a treadmill , and a good way for the kids to burn up some excess energy !
 Excellent product makes exercising fun and easy . Wish I had it earlier.Very sturdy yet lithe the whole family loves it from my 18 year old twin boys to my 84 year old mother . Keep it in the living room in front of TV and everybody who wants jumps on it . Makes you sweat in 10 min depending the intensity.After a week the smell , which bothered some people , was gone .
 Fun and not-too-difficult way to exercise . My only complaint is that one or two of the legs get stuck when trying to fold it up after use .
 As a 53 year old woman interested in natural health , I know the value of exercise to maintaining good health . As an busy adult , I 've never had regular exercise even though I 've joined gyms , tried Curves , tried walking , tried Zumba , etc. . I always have an excuse . Too hot , too cold , too tired , too early , too late , etc. . This workout takes away all the excuses . You do n't have to go anywhere , you do n't have to be on a schedule , you do n't have to pay for anything else , and you do n't have to go outside where it 's usually too hot or too cold.After reading about the health benefits of rebounding on my natural health websites , I decided the time had come for me to try rebounding . The title of one article is `` Bouncing on a rebounder strengthens every cell in the body '' . Setup was a piece of cake for me . I started with the beginner routine on the included DVD . I did n't realize how out of shape I was . I could n't keep up with the basic bounces for two minutes without resting . So I paused the DVD , rested , and then started back up . In the beginning I had to rest several times in what should have been a 15 minute workout . My goal is to continue the beginner 's routine until I can do it all the way through without resting . I 'm on my eight day , and I love it . I can go a bit further each day . I feel like my body is getting a safe , joint-sparing workout that will improve my health in only 15 minutes a day . When I 'm ready , I 'll move to the next level DVD . It 's all at my pace . There 's no one pushing me or holding me back . Of course , I realize that effort is required in order to have meaningful results.I 'm very pleased with my Urban Rebounder . The workout DVDs that come with it are great to teach you what to do and encourage you to keep at it . Like the title of this review says , this is the first exercise I can stick with . I really enjoy it , and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to improve their health in a carefree manner in the comfort of their home .
 I have an Autistic child who uses this for sensory . This is the best one on the market . He uses it everyday for a mininum of an hour hard , really jumping . WE even have one at school because lots of Autistic kids calm down wit the sensory in put of jumping . I LOVE THIS TRAMPOLINE , as with all trampolines use safety mats and supervise the activity at all time .
 I was skeptical about purchasing this trampoline , but after I received it , I was pleasantly surprised . It actually looked BETTER than the picture . I did n't have any problems with set up ... just opened it up and started jumping ! I ca n't comment on the stablization bar because I do n't use it.The workout is KILLER . If you 're already in shape , you can probably get thru the basic one . But if you 're like me and TRYING to get in shape after years of minimal activity ... forget it . I literally thought I would pass out . I have to do a little of the DVD at a time before I 'll be able to build up to the full thing . Its much more fun to forget the DVD , put on your favorite music and pretend you 're a little kid jumping on the bed ! You 'll still sweat ! Or maybe do some bouncing while watching TV . But basically , I 'm pleased .
 I was having problems rehabbing a thigh strain through PT and chiropractic . My chiropractor suggested this specific trampoline because of how it is constructed -LRB- apparently he researched this and came to this conclusion -RRB- to help with the process . What a workout ! I was concerned about hurting my back using this device but found the Rebounder to be perfect for my knees and back -LRB- I am age 50 -RRB- . I noticed after a few workouts that my thigh is getting better and that after a 30 minute workout I really feel like I have been to the gym . I like the 2 DVD 's that come with the Rebounder to help you understand how to use it . The Rebounder has been durable , was easy to assemble and can be tucked away in a corner when not using it . I cant find any downside to using this product . Enjoy !
 Sturdy construction . Rebounding exercise allows you to create up to 4 G 's and is praised by NASA to counteract the bodies breakdown in the zero gravity -LRB- G -RRB- environment in outer space . -LRB- See Rebound Exercise
 I purchased this one because my other one had a band that was fraying -LRB- no springs on it -RRB- . I rebound a few times a week for 20-30 minutes and needed something with a bit more support to it . I read the reviews and got this one . I am over 200 pounds and needed one that would hold up - this one does . It is more supportive , sturdier and I bounce higher . I am very happy with my purchase !
 Love this product . I got this one for my sisters house . I have bad feet ca n't do treadmill , but this I can do two workouts . I have a few dvd 's Love them . I have loss weight and love it . A must have item .
 Have had back problems and the rebounder helps greatly with soft impact exercise , a great buy for the money , would certainly recommend buying for a good workout
 I bought the Urban Rebounder as an exercise option for our family . We live in town house and have limited space for exercise equipment . My husband and I were able to set-up fairly quickly and on Christmas Day my girls went crazy and I have n't been able to get them off ... which makes me very happy . I did order this as a weight control option for my older daughter . I want her to exercise ... as far as she is concerned she is just having fun and loves it !! Plus with the Urban Rebounder having a higher weight limit than most kids trampolines & a lot of other adult mini-trampolines I do n't have to put this away when family & friends come to visit our home . I 'll update my review in a few months .
 It is sturdy , fun and great exercise . Very easy to assemble -LRB- not much that needs to be assembled except the ` safety handle ' . I put it in front of the tv and get good exercise while watching my favorite shows . I recommend it to others and would buy it again .
 Looks solid and safe . Got it for my kids -LRB- 4 and 2 -RRB- , but is now used even by my wife and they all like it .
 Have not figured out how to re-fold this to store it away , but it is strong and comes with easy to follow instructions for a great workout .
 I purchased the urban rebounder about a month ago and I use it 4-5 days each week . I am losing weight and I feel great . I did experience a strong odor of rubber or something disturbing but its been a month and I can no longer smell the odor . I have it placed in a large open room ... that what I suggest you do if possible . Love IT >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > .
 Did my workout tonight on the new Urban Rebounder &#9829; I feel like a did almost a double workout &#9829; The soft bounce not jumping , more of a digging into the mat as I normally did with my other bollinger one , was quite different &#9829; The soft bounce was easier on my joints . I felt MORE muscles engaging at the same time &#9829; My core muscles feel ummmm Worked tonight &#9829; My belly is still recovering and my buttocks is still having a fit ... LOL &#9829; Lets just say , doing my own routine on here , as I did with my other one , is not the same &#9829; More muscle are engaging ' it is noticeable too &#9829; I also did 10 minutes of 5 pound weights in each hand and it was harder tonight &#9829; Guess it means I am getting a better workout &#9829; Sweating began early on in my routine as well &#9829; A great sign for me that I am working it GOOD &#9829; I took the stabilizer bar off so I could do my normal routine ... I will attach the bar to do some Pilates as soon as I go check out some Pilates moves on YouTube that I can do while on it &#9829; It did come with a compilation # 1 but for some reason I can not get it to play correctly to watch it &#9829; Which I think has some Pilates in it . I am very satisfied with the new Urban rebounder , I would recommend it for the price &#9829; Sturdy and the soft bounce feels really smooth , as the springs and the way it is designed helps with that &#9829; I have a long way to go , to be able to do the workouts that I have seen on the urban rebounder , so I can not attest to that portion of it &#9829; A great workout is to be had on it and well ... I can feel the fat melting as I type ... LOL &#9829;
 My daughter had purchased one of the rebounders and her family loves it . She recommended that I get one . I was skeptical at first so I researched `` Trampolines '' . It appeared that is was a good recommendation for an easy workout . I needed something that I can move around , not too heavy , relatively inexpensive . I have been using it for 2 weeks and like it a lot . I especially appreciate the CD instructions that are included . Very helpful.It is recommended that two people be used to fold it ... I can do it myself , but they are right , two people makes it much easier.Great product thanks AMAZON for the delivery speed
 I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS ITEM . IT IS AS DESCRIBED . I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO OTHERS . THE PRICE WAS GOOD .
 I was advised by a doctor to purchase a rebounder for better health . The doctor said that the rebounder `` stirs your water '' . He said that still water becomes toxic . He said the lymphatic system does not have a pump , so to get rid of toxins in the body you must move the fluids in the body . I ordered the Urban Rebounder and was very satisfied . It was strong , easy to assemble , and very reasonable in price . I always feel better after using the rebounder .
 THE BEST REBOUNDER ON THE MARKET -- MADE WELL AND DURABLE -- JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR THE HOME OR PATIO . -- JUST LOVE MY REBOUNDER .
 Had a cheap mini-trampoline for decades . This rebounder has more `` give '' and is safer with the bar to hold to . I have osteoarthritis and a hialtal hernia -LRB- causes acid reflux -RRB- . Rebounding is supposed to help both of these conditions . Have only had it two days . Put it together by myself in about 10 minutes . Think you can get benefits from `` springing '' on it and not actually `` jumping '' . I really `` enjoy '' doing that . This is a nice additional piece of exercise equipment to have and use `` at home '' when going to the gym is not an option .
 First , let me say that I have NO IDEA whether the Urban Rebounder gives an optimal workout , providing you the best aerobic fitness in the shortest time . I 'm 50 , and my fitness has always been fine , even during periods of non-exercise . Low blood pressure , excellent cholesterol level , a thin frame , almost never overweight.Also , this is the ONLY mini-trampoline I 've owned , and therefore ca n't compare it to others , except to say that the Urban Rebounder has a wider diameter than many other mini-trampolines . Until about 2 years ago , my aerobics workout consisted of a warm-up on a recumbent bike in the basement , followed by either jumping rope or an aerobic step workout . The idea of exercising on a mini-trampoline sounded intriguing , so I searched the web and then visited Dick 's Sporting Goods.The Urban Rebounder was just a bit more expensive than the other rebounders at the store , but it was wider , and my assumption was that it was sturdier , because of the higher price . -LRB- The price seems to have lowered considerably , since that purchase a couple of years ago , if memory serves correctly -RRB- . I love this , absolutely love it . It 's the only exercise I know that can be both taxing and relaxing at the same time . Meaning that , there is an automatic rhythm when you jump on a rebounder , somewhat like dancing.In fact , on evenings when you do n't feel like doing a full workout , you can just do some basic jumps for a few minutes before going to bed . You might find it relaxing , as I do.I never used the stabilizing bar , never came close to needing it . But if you have any doubts about falling , it does n't hurt.On the second day that I purchased the unit , I sent an email to customer service , regarding how to clean or lubricate it when necessary . More of a curiosity question than anything , but JB was kind enough to respond within an hour . He did n't have to , because customer service also responded the next day , but it was cool that he took the time to personally address the question . Perhaps that was a low sales month , or he just happened to be in the office.The exercise videos - either the basic , intermediate , or advanced routine - will give you a good sweat and a good aerobics workout.I stopped doing the videos early on , and just settled on a basic count of 32 reps for each type of jump , followed by 100-200 jogs , and then repeat according to taste or time . No need to ever go back to jumping rope , to putting that kind of pressure on the knees.To a lot of people , it sounds so simple and unvaried , like you just jump up and down and that 's it . But actually , there are a lot of different ways to jump , and different types of hand movements . The video describes the different patterns.You can choose your own time commitment , of course . My own usual workout consists of a 10-20 minute warm-up on a recumbent bike , while reading or watching/listening to a podcast ; followed by 15-30 minutes on the rebounder ; followed by a few routines on a Weider Tower ; and sometimes some balancing routines with the eyes closed . -LRB- Presumably , the balancing routines exercise areas of the brain which are normally untouched . Regardless , it can be immensely satisfying . -RRB- Nothing extensive , unless there 's a lot of pent-up energy that needs to be released , from a day of sitting at the computer.If there 's no time or energy to warm-up or do a full workout , you can just do some basic jumps for maybe 10-15 minutes , and then a full workout the next day.More than any other type of exercise equipment I 've owned , I recommend this one . You ca n't go wrong.If you get a chance to try one at the sporting goods store , do it for at least 5 minutes , to get an idea of how it feels .
 I bought two , one for my family and one for my 74 year old mother . Mine looked and worked fine but began to squeak after the first few uses . I have not tried WD-40 yet to stop the sequeks . I use it about 10 minutes a day and it is a good arobics workout , and I feel it in my abs too . Mom 's unit had discolouration on the skirt but does not affect performance . Mom uses it without the bar for a light workout . I bought based on consumer reports . I am satisfied and would recommend it .
 Before buying my Urban Rebounder , I read many articles on rebounding , and at first I thought `` How can I get all these health benefits just from bouncing ? '' Well , I found out ! I 've had my rebounder less than 24 hours , but I watched the DVD it came with and I used the rebounder for a total of about 10 minutes just trying out some of the basic moves . The next morning , I felt the results in my legs and thighs , so if that 's what I get just for playing around on it I now believe that rebounding is just as effective as all the articles say it is . The workouts , though fun , are really intense . I got fatigued while doing basic moves and working on my form , so I already know that it will take me a while to get through the actual DVD workouts ... but I 'm looking forward to it!Though I like rebounding itself , my actual experience with ordering one was not so great . I was initially very pleased with Amazon and Bayou Fitness because I received my order in only 3 days . That joy quickly turned sour , however , when I opened the box and found that they had sent me a quarter-fold rebounder -LRB- two-fold -RRB- , when I thought I was getting a half-fold rebounder -LRB- one fold , as shown in the above photos -RRB- . I did n't want my rebounder to fold at all - as I have enough space in my house and I never planned on taking it anywhere - but the no-fold models are expensive . I am disappointed with this quarter-fold UR , because to me it seems as if these folds compromise the stability of the frame . To further add to the confusion , I could n't find any quarter-fold URs online , so I called Urban Rebounding and I was told that they do n't make quarter fold rebounders . I then called Bayou Fitness -LRB- the seller -RRB- and they said that Urban Rebounding no longer makes half-folds , and they now only make quarter-folds . Even after I told them that Urban Rebounding denied this , they stuck to their story . Now I do n't know WHAT type of rebounder I have , and I 'm trying to decide if I should send this thing back to Bayou Fitness or just buy a new ReboundAIR -LRB- which is what I wanted in the first place but I was put off by the price -RRB- and keep this folding UR in case I ever DO want to travel with it . Who knows ? They say I 'll get hooked on rebounding so that just might happen.The fold thing had me upset but I still put the UR together to test it out . The set-up is easy and WOULD HAVE taken about 10 minutes , but one of the springs was detached from the frame . I guess I 'm not strong or maybe I needed another person , but it took me about 45 minutes to get that thing back on there . It was awful and I was almost to the point that I was going to leave it off , but I eventually got the spring hooked up again . I sure hope that none of my springs break any time soon , because then I 'll be in trouble ! The final straw came when I learned that I could 've saved $ 20 by ordering directly from the seller 's website , but that 's what I get for blindly trusting Amazon . The quarter-fold is n't THAT bad , but I 'm concerned about how long it will last and I do n't want it to fall apart on me because I can already tell that I will enjoy rebounding.UPDATE 3/03/09 - I see this rebounder is now sold by AMAZON , and not Bayou Fitness , so much of my above review no longer applies as new photos have been added and the product description now indicates the fold type . But I left my original review there because I worked hard on it ! :-RRB- Also , I did NOT stick to the program as much as I thought I would . I only do it `` off and on '' , though I did recently make a new commitment to at least do a few minutes per day . However , I can only do the basic bounces right now , because that DVD is way too much for me . It felt like it was working muscles in my FEET ! And that 's actually a good thing , but after being sedentary for so long I ca n't do it right now . I guess I 'll update again if I make any progress this go ` round . * fingers crossed *
 My 8 year old Autistic grandson loves this . This is the second one . He just simply wore the first one out . He uses it for calming down . He will climb aboard and jump until he has regained control . Heavy duty and provides needed release for an Autistic child .
 I am very pleased with this product . It is very sturdy -LRB- I weigh almost 200 lbs . -RRB- The DVDs with it are very good , especially for a beginner like myself.It is a comfortable size so I do n't feel like I am going to bounce off of it.I would recommend this rebounder to anyone , but I have to admit I had my son put it together . I am a 64 year old woman and would not buy it thinking you could fold it up and store it , but if you have space to keep it up this is an excellent buy.Amazon , as usual , was very prompt about shipping it .
 I have been using my rebounder for several months . The workout dvd is easy to follow and the rebounder is sturdy . I like having the safety bar as it allows me to push myself harder in exercising without worrying about losing my balance . Although I very seldom touch it , it 's there just in case.There were several minor problems in assembly and initial use , but I emailed the company and found their customer service to be very responsive.Using the rebounder is fun , easy on the joints , and great for interval training . JB cues well , and keeps the workouts interesting . There is a rebounder workout for every age and fitness ability . It is my favorite piece of workout equipment .
 This is my 3rd rebounder . This is probably the best quality version . I weigh 220 plus pounds . People buy equip like this and expect miracle results in 2-3 sessions . It does n't work like that . But if you work out every other day for 2-3 weeks , you will see results in the mirror . I work out with 2-5 lb freeweights . The cut -LRB- s -RRB- you get from this you ca n't get anywhere . I 've been rebounding off/on since 1995 . There is marketing . There is hype . Is it all true ? Mostly yes . You probably ca n't buy a more user friendly piece of work out equip . Yes , it gets boring . But mix it up with jogging , treadmill , swimming , etc. and you get a whole package.My 5 yr old watches the video and imitates the instructor verbatim . He 's amazing with it . He has super discipline . My kid , that is.There are studies on this and how it activates a gland -LRB- name escapes me -RRB- that increases the flow of getting rid of toxins in your system . There are other attributes associated , such as vision , balance , etc. . It may be more true for some , than others . But for under $ 100 , you are getting an investment in a machine/tool that does n't really compare to anything prior.The construction is decent . When I saw the quality/price , I threw out my old one -LRB- which was still in workable condition -RRB- and started off with this .
 I have read a lot of reviews for rebounders were people had problems with the springs breaking or coming off . To my relief this has n't been a problem for me -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . I use my rebounder regularly -LRB- 4-6 times a week -RRB- so it 's not from lack of use ! I was a little nervouse opening it up , but no problems there either , tho I will admit I do n't fold it back down - I just store it set up.As for the work out - I was surprised at how good it is . I use the gym regularly - but still found my self a bit whipped by the cardio the first time I tried it . It does n't leave me in pain , but I can `` feel '' I 've had a decent work out.If you 're not used to exercise I would suggest starting off easy -LRB- read as
 I have been evaluating rebounders for years trying to find one that I would feel comfortable with and USE . So many felt unsteady when I got on them -LRB- I ai n't no spring chicken -RRB- and the coils left something to be desired.Then I got injured.The recuperation has been slow and doing REGULAR aerobics on the floor is out of the question . The jarring to my injury would impede my recovery . And because the quads were weak , I need something that would help with proprioception , endurance AND strength . The answer - a rebounder.I had narrowed my selection down to Body Burner and Urban Rebounder . However the stabilizing bar for the Urban Rebounder AND the ultra large springs made it a done deal . Also , others had said that the workout videos were FUN and not boring ... where the videos for the Body Burner needed to be burned.So I purchased the Urban Rebounder KNOWING that this product would meet my expectations.When mine arrived , the first thing I did after dragging it in the house -LRB- it is a little heavy , being made of steel -RRB- is assemble this . Now being a girl , I can tell you that this was EASY . It comes ASSEMBLED , but collapsed . Did n't really need any directions . However there ARE 3 sets of directions with this product
 Bought this 2nd Urban Rebounder for my son with autism . He weighs 200 pounds . He loves to bounce , hard . This so far lasted more than the other ones he had .
 I bought it at the same time I bought one of the Tony Little `` Gazelles '' , and if I had it to do over again , I would have bought just this rebounder . It 's great ! You can do essentially the same movements you can do on the Gazelle , on an elliptical , or on a treadmill . And with the stabilizer bar in place -LRB- I HIGHLY recommend you get the stabilizer bar ! -RRB- , you can walk or run in place and do all sorts of fun moves , even if you have a balance problem -LRB- like me ! -RRB- . If you only have a limited amount of space -- not to mention a limited amount of money in your budget -- this is a real bargain and I would highly recommend it . -LRB- P.S. It 's also MUCH easier to assemble than the Gazelle ! -RRB-
 I used to jog , but have n't for years due to joint pain in ankles and more recently , knees . Pounding hard surfaces leaves me sore and in pain for days afterwards . I could go to the gym and work out , but it is so easy to make excuses not to get there -LRB- traffic , parking , etc -RRB- . I saw the Urban Rebounder recently reviewed in Consumer 's Report which gave a positive rating . I was very skeptical at first that bouncing around on a mini trampoline would contribute much at all to my fitness but decided to go ahead and order one . Amazon had the best price I could find.I am so glad that I did . This thing is great . The rebounder can fold in half , the legs fold under and it can be stored in a small area . Since space is an issue in my house , this was essential . I keep mine in front of the computer most of the time , so I can play the DVD and follow along with the video instruction . I am finding that it allows a great workout . It has been years since I have done any running , but in only 3 weeks I have increased sessions to last about 25 + minutes . -LRB- 63 yr old female -RRB- . On the video JB Berns emphasizes abdominal workouts -LRB- strengthening the core -RRB- and all of that can be done on the rebounder . I hope to gradually increase my workouts up to 45 minutes daily.What really impresses me is that after a good workout , which includes breaking into a sweat , I do not have any joint pain at all . At first -LRB- and still -RRB- I had a lot of muscle pain -LRB- especially in my calves -RRB- , but that is getting better with each workout . I would highly recommend the rebounder , especially if you have any joint pain and want a soft surface to work out on . Many of them are very expensive , about 300 + but I found this one at Amazon and it is the # 1 rated one in terms of quality , durability , etc by CR . BTW , mine did not arrive with any unpleasant odor , as mentioned in previous reviews .
 This is the first one I have ever owned . It looks so easy in the dvd that I thought I would try it . It 's not easy in the beginning but gets easier as you go along . If you are a beginner too then take it easy at first and bounce without ever letting your feet leave the trampoline . And do the stretching exercises like on the dvd.This thing is really well made and I do n't feel like it is dangerous in any way , but I do like the bar on it and plan on leaving it on until I am comfortable without it . I get a little dizzy from all that bouncing and am glad to have it as a clutch if needed . The dvd starts out with exercises for first timers , basic exercises , intermediate , advanced , some for seniors , abdominal and contact . It 's a very good dvd and I do n't think you will be unhappy with it . Mine did n't come with a carrying case but I do n't know why you would need one . It 's light enough to pick up and carry around . It does take 2 people to fold it up if you want to make it smaller for storage . Those springs are heavy and tight and I would n't recommend folding it up unless you just have to do so . When it comes , all you have to do is fold it out and straighten the legs and it 's ready to go . Putting the handle on is also easy . You need no tools whatsoever.My final advice is to have some advil and muscle rub on hand . You are going to need it in the beginning if you start out doing too much before you are ready for it ! If you order from Amazon , you will have this in 3 or 4 days . I could n't believe how quickly it got here . Be careful if you order one other than this one because some ca n't handle a lot of weight . I checked on one in a local chain store and I would have been afraid to bounce on it because it looked so cheaply made . Also check the weights they will hold ... this one says 300 lb capacity , some do n't even give a weight . This one is great for the price , believe me .
 After purchasing this product , I got nervous reading some negative testimonials on here -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- . But , after using the product for a couple weeks , that nervousness has subsided . We have n't had any problems with it yet . It seems pretty sturdy . We 've left it up most of the time . Not that assembly and/or folding it up is difficult - it 's not . It 's just that we use the balancing bar and you have to position the legs a certain way to get the bar to fit . And anyway , we have the room to keep it out . Well , I guess the legs do take a little effort to unlatch to fold the trampoline up , but I would think that 's a GOOD thing to have the legs not come off easily !! Someone in another review had mentioned the smell , which I did notice , but I did n't find it overwhelming , and many products have there own smell out of the box.It took a short time to get used to for us . It 's a little disorienting at first if your not used to trampolining . It 's still kinda mesmerizing watching the included DVD while doing the workout because you 're moving along with the people in the video , but this is fun.All in all , we had NO problem with this product and WOULD recommend it !
 I bought this for myself -LRB- 65 yr old female -RRB- for times I ca n't get to Curves to work out and for something a bit different . My mom , who 's 85 , was intrigued and got on and started a light jog . She had previously been quite inactive for the past few years , except for light yard work , but has really enjoyed the rebounder and uses it regularly for 10 minutes or so at each session . She rightfully fears falling , and the stability bar gave her the confidence she needed . I 'm really happy about this!The stability bar was difficult to install in the mounts , but we finally succeeded after filing off rough edges of metal on both the mounts and the inserting posts . It would be wise to have a metal file on hand , just in case you run into the same problem !
 I am very happy with the size and quality of this rebounder . It is sturdy and durable . It does not take up much room . It is easily folded and opened by one person -LRB- although it states you should use two people -RRB- . I have not attached the stabilizer bar . I prefer to use mine without . The only bad thing is the rebounder exercise DVDs that came with it do not work at all . I emailed Amazon and got 20 % off the total . This was a good deal overall and I would buy again.Update
 I bought the rebounder after seeing a friend 's ; I LOVE it ! I am partially disabled and unable to do weight bearing exercise -LRB- walking , running -RRB- , but I can bounce away to my heart 's content and am getting great work-outs ! This is a really sturdy , solid piece of equipment ; well worth the money !!! and it keeps me very motivated to keep up with my workouts .
 When I purchased this trampoline I was new to trampolines , but heard that they are very gentle on your joints and offer a great workout . It 's true ! When I received the item , it was folded and I did need some help from the hubby to unfold it . Also , the DVD was missing , but I contacted the manufacturer and they sent out a replacement DVD right away . Other than that , this trampoline works great . It 's very stable on the floor and the springs are nice and tight , so I am a satisfied buyer .
 I was very pleasantly surprised with the quality of this product for the price . The mini tramp 's recommended by physical therapists in the area were in the $ 300 - $ 400 range , which is way out of our budget . This urban rebounder is very sturdy , very well made , easy to use , and has great accessories . Do n't be afraid to take a chance on this one - it 's a sure thing !
 Simple to assemble , have n't actually tried to fold it back up to store yet as I use it everyday . Seems to be well made and sturdy . So far , I am quite pleased with the quality and performance of this rebounder .
 Urban Rebounder is well made . My daughter uses it daily and she has destroyed lesser trampolines in 60 days or less with broken springs and worn out fabric . The only thing that did n't survive her usage was the vinyl wrap that covers the spring connection area . The elastic hem unraveled , but the trampoline itself it a winner and so was the price ! I paid similar amounts for the two former brands that were returned the the store .
 I expected to get a beginners DVD with this product but evidently you do n't get one -LRB- even though there 's one listed in the booklet that it comes with -RRB- . However , there are so many workouts to choose from you 'll be able to find one that suits you . Other than that , it 's great to workout on ... very fun !
 OK - I 've had my rebounder for about 3 weeks and worked out consistently with it every other day . I 'm in fairly good shape but I wanted something I could do at home that would n't bore me to death . I hate the winter and going out to exercise simply does n't happen for me when its cold . I will say this exercise program is FUN ! I mean , who does n't like to bounce around ? The dvd 's are n't bad either . I feel like I 've had a decent work out . The beginning work out was too easy for me so I quickly went to the intermediate work out and that seems to be a good fit for my current fitness level . I 've also tried a few of the workouts on compilation # 2 and so far my favorite is the Box and Bounce work out . The people are pretty funny to watch on the videos - there is one I think named `` Tracy '' that is completely nuts!As for the rebounder itself it feels like it is very well made . I have not bounced on another type to compare but I know this one does n't move or make noise . It feels sturdy as I bounce away . As with any dvd workout the danger of getting bored is there but I feel like there are enough compliations that I can mix it up along with other exercise routines I have . It 's not a complete workout but it is a good addition to anyone 's mix . It 's a little quirky but the bottom line for me is that it is fun enough to keep me interested .
 My order was delivered 2 days after I ordered it ! The Rebounder is so sturdy and it came with the workout bands and the 4 workout DVD 's to my surprise because I do n't recall these two being offered in the specs . The price at Amazon was the lowest I have found anywhere and shipping was low under $ 4.00 I would have spent more in gas to pick it up somewhere . It was so easy to set up I did it all by myself . I set it right in front of the TV and bounce on it every chance I get . I had to started slow with 5 mins . 10 mins . now I can bounce for a hour , no problem . I feel so much better after a workout . I have bad knees and ankles from past work related injuries . While healing I gained so much weight which made it hard to even walk on concrete and the pain would put me down for a week or more . I have had the Rebounder about a month and it is so easy on the joints with light bouncing . I put my mp3 player headphones on , put in a Urban Rebounder dvd in to watch while bouncing -LRB- do n't like the music on dvd 's -RRB- . I have already lost some weight and inches . My pants are loose . The grandkids love jumping on it so much I need to get them one of their own its great exercise for them too .
 It 's a blast , whether you use it for a 5-minute pick me up or do the full workout . It 's still new to us , but my kids and I love it .
 I wanted something for exercising during the winter . I thought about one of those walker machines or a treadmill , but those are one act wonders and I get bored easily ! Then I came across a rebounder and they seemed to offer more options than anything else . Plus they do n't take up a lot of room to store , are low impact and fun.Even though this one had good reviews , I was worried that it might not be sturdily built . One reason I picked this one is that I could see in the pics that it had at least five legs - actually it has 6 . Some of the others only have 4 ! But it 's very sturdily built - the frame , handle and springs are all heavy gauge steel . The whole thing feels very steady and firm and I 'm no light weight!I 've got it smack in the middle of the family room and use it almost every day . At first my legs would cramp up after a couple of minutes , but I kept at it and can keep going as long as I like now . I 'm still using the handle for balance , but not nearly as much now . Eventually I hope to take it off altogether.I know if I put it away I wo n't use it as much , so I found a big dog cushion that is exactly the right size to go on top of it when it 's not in use . I 'm planning on making a matching skirt to hide the legs - basically turning it into a great , big ottoman for the family room .
 I wanted to get my 21/2 year old granddaughter a trampoline for Christmas . I had looked at the kids ones but saw all the problems with them breaking so quickly and having to need a new bungie cord etc. . My granddaughter is tall for her age and this one works great . It is very sturdy and the bar works wonderful for her . I highly recommend it !
 I 've only had this for a day , but I am addicted already ! I just jogged on it for 10 minutes today and time flew by . I enjoyed the workout and I worked up a sweat ! It was very easy to assemble , and it feels very sturdy . The weight capacity is 300lbs and I 'm pretty close to that . When I stepped on it I was terrified but once I got to jumping I felt totally comfortable . It comes with a workout dvd but I want to get used to jumping on it first . I 'm really looking forward to using it again ! Great workout for the price !
 I have been using this 5 days a week since I bought it . It is the most fun workout !
 I 've never had a rebounder before . This one is high quality and easy set up . I 'm glad I did my homework before buying .
 This is my second rebounder . The first one lasted about 2 years . It was the Stamina InTONE Jogger . So far I am pleased and satisfied with this product . My only complaint is that the handlebar is loose , by design , and that makes it noisy .
 This is a great product at an affordable price . It was less that half the price of others that I looked at and seemed to be just as good . The only negative
 I purchased this item months ago from Target.com . Admittedly I only began using it consistently just recently . There was a horrible odor when we first removed it from it 's box but it dissipated within a week ; leaving the window open . My husband put it together relatively easy . Have n't had any real trouble with it . The spring came loose one time but was able to put it back on . I weigh 197 pounds , standing at 5ft 8 , and have been working out 30 minutes consistently 5 times a week . Since then I 've increased my workout time to 30 minutes twice a day . My clothes do feel a bit looser , but have n't seen any real weight loss . Hoping consistency is the key with this item . My biggest disappointment is that I have n't seen any `` before '' or `` after '' pics on the company 's website at all ; not even any testimonials . My plan is to continue with the rebounder and am hoping that it has n't been a waste of my money . I do like it , for it is easy on the joints and according to my pedometer , which I wear while working out on this thing , I can do 2 miles in 30 minutes ; which is 230 calories and over 3500 `` aerobic '' steps . I read somewhere that you should aim to burn 300-500 calories 3x a week / per session in order to see results in a few weeks . I 'm keeping my fingers crossed .
 Yes , it smells . We aired it out for two days on our porch and voila , no more problems . The kids love , we love it . Is it hard to collapse ? I do n't think so . Would it be for someone physically not as strong -LRB- and I am by no means in great shape -RRB- , probably . Would we recommend this ? YES !
 Got ta love it ! Takes no time to bounce your way to cardiac health . Fun .
 I received the item quicker than expected . I am very content with my purchase .
 Love my new Urban Rebounder . Unfolded easily and legs popped right into place . Within 15 minutes after delivery , I was literally jumping for joy ! The most difficult part of the assembly , was getting the trampoline out of the box -LRB- it 's very well-packaged -RRB- . Some people noted a lingering odor . I have a sensitive nose and smelled nothing offensive , at all ... My rebounder is black with a red band , perhaps it is an improved model . I use it with my Wii Fit program ; makes running so much easier on my ankles , while giving a more vigorous workout . It is also quiet enough to hear the remote & TV . Do not hesitate to purchase this item . It is well built and of very high quality materials ... Not a kid 's toy . Try it , you 'll LOVE it !
 All I can say is I LOVE IT . So much fun and time goes by so fast . I sometimes use the dvds and somtimes I will watch my favorite show on tv while I jump . and the bands that come with it are great also . Its strong and plenty big and does not take up much room so I can leave it out all the time and if I needed to put it away I can fold it up easily . :O -RRB- Thanks Amazon , your a great place to shop . < 3
 I had a mini-trampoline several years ago , so I was already aware of the advantage of the rebounder as a type of exercise . However , the earlier one was not nearly as well-constructed as the Urban Rebounder so its usefulness was limited . The Urban Rebounder is well constructed and provides an excellent workout . It will probably last for many years to come . If I could change one thing , it would be the attachment of the support handle to the rebounder . It seems to be a little loose and gives the feeling of instability . A photo of another model by the same manufacturer gives the impression that the handle reaches to the floor which , if it did , would provide better stability . Given the construction and materials used , I would not hesitate to recommend the Urban Rebounder to other potential buyers , hence my four-star rating .
 I received my reboubder in a timely manner . It was easy to put together but for safety purposes you need to actually have 2 people when opening the trampoline since it is folded in half . There is a strong petroleum odor at first but it disappears in a few days . AS for a workout , I love it . My 12 y.o. son really enjoys playing on it but at least he is getting some excerise also . You do need to take it easy until you get use to it especially if you do not have a good sense of balance . I was sore for a few days but it is amazing how many muscle groups it affects . It seems to be well made and I am sure it will provide me alot of workout fun .
 The trampoline was delivered in a box that was a little heavy , but very easy to pick up - kind of a long , thin box . It was super easy to get out of the box and assemble - I was able to do it without my husband 's help at all . It 's basically just folded in half and you just have to unfold it and attach the stabilizing bars . Very quick and easy.I 've had it for about 3 months now and for the first couple months I just kind of jogged on it while watching TV and that was really fun to do . Now I 've started using the dvd 's that came with the rebounder and I was surprised at how much fun they are and what a great workout they are . I really feel like I 'm doing something . My muscles all hurt a little bit , the way they do when you can tell you 've exercised . The rebounder comes with 2 dvd 's - compliation 1 and compliation 2 and they each have 5 or 6 different programs on them that are 20 - 30 minutes long . I 'm not that coordinated , so even though most of the workouts do n't show the people using the stabilizing bar , I still use mine in case I feel like I 'm losing my balance.The rebounder does take up quite a bit of space , so you 'll want to plan out where you are going to keep it unless you plan on folding it and putting it away . I keep mine up , but it 's lightweight enough that I 'm able to move it around and have even tipped it on it 's side to really get it out of the way.I think anyone who is looking for a really fun way to get a good workout will be really happy with this .
 I am 52 years old and have some joint problems . Also , I 've always been a bit clumsy . :--RRB- I 've researched exercise equipment and decided that rebounding was the best way to go for me . I found the Urban Rebounder on Amazon.com . The stabilizing bar convinced me to purchase this product . For those who do not need a stabilizing bar , it is easily removed . DVD 's came with the purchase and they are fun and easy to follow along with . I started with the beginner workout before I discovered the ` Senior ' workout . The Senior workout uses the stabilizer bar , so I primarily am exercising to the Senior workout . I am 100 % pleased with the Urban Rebouncer and would recommend it to anyone desiring to purchase an inexpensive way to exercise at home .
 I looked at a dozen or more different models and this was the first and only one that met all of my requirements . And yet I nearly passed on it due to the warnings of a stench and some strange white substance . Also the reviews warning about the differences between the black one and the blue one gave me pause.I went to the company 's website and could have guaranteed myself the ` preferred ' blue model if I wanted to pay full retail , plus postage . No thanks.I came back to Amazon and pondered . The model depicted is blue , but the description , and price , is for the black one . Since this is the only reasonably priced unit that meets all of my requirements I decided to risk it and made the purchase . I am not sorry!As expected , it is the black one . There is no stench , although you can smell something similar to the smell of new vinyl , but it is faint and you have to be ` trying ' to smell it . There is no mystery white stuff , which I expected to be caused from the Styrofoam packing ; but there are just a few beads of Styrofoam clinging to it as can be expected of anything packed in Styrofoam.With my husband 's help , it took no more than two minutes to get it out of the box and ready to use . It does take two people to fold and unfold it so it makes more sense , to me , to leave it out . My only ` problem ' is finding a place for it that is out of the way and , preferably , facing the TV.Take the risk ; I do n't think you 'll be sorry , but if you do get a stinky one you can send it back as defective at no charge and get a different one . So really , there is no risk at all .
 Actually , this is probably pretty early in the game to be reviewing since I 've only used it twice , but ... am very satisfied w/quality so far . Was very nervous since there seems to be some crummy cheap trampolines out there , and I did n't want to buy a fancy expensive one . This one is sturdy and perfect for my needs . Am doing rehab on an ACL reconstruction , and this was a piece of equipement I enjoyed and could actually afford to own ! For some reason the workout CD does not work w/my dvd player - `` can not read this disc '' I will write another review if the trampoline breaks or fails me within the year !
 I ordered this because the rebounder I had is too big for the room , so much so that I never use it . I found this one , and since it folds I thought I would like it better . Well , its legs fold up which was enough for me to store it in a closet when not in use , so I do n't even bother to fold the rebounder down . Besides it recommends two people to fold it safely.The mat and springs were much better quality than the other one I own , and the bounce experience is much better and more professional , higher tension and more rebound than on my old one . For the price , this is a great product !
 I bought this believe it or not for an eighty year old woman at her request . She absolutely loves it . She tells me she does 500 bounces a day . I was more than a little skeptical , but so far she is very happy . The stabilizing bar is a big help .
 I 'm a pretty big guy -LRB- 300 lbs -RRB- and this thing can handle even my weight . Very solid piece of equipment . Best buy for the buck .
 I am 71 years old and in great shape . I have worn out countless -LRB- perhaps 14 ? 15 ? rebounders -RRB- I used to buy the affordable ones normally offered at Wal-Mart , K-Mart , Sports Stores . However , they wore out very shortly ... usually , the springs sprung ! The web shattered . And , the give was not kind on my back . However , when I went to a Sports Store to replace my old rebounder ... they had 3 rebounders featured side by side . And , yes , Urban Rebounder blew me away ! The bounce was totally different from anything I 'd ever experienced before . I paid 3x more than I had ever paid . Yet ... so worth it to me . For some reason , I thought it would last for more than two years , since the springs were twice as large , and the webbing seemed strong . However , the webbing began to give way , and shred ... I attempted to call and figure out how I could replace the webbing , since everything else was wonderful . I checked all the Sports Stores . None had a clue . Then , I called the 800 # and got a phone who informed me that the webbing would cost -LRB- ? -RRB- dollars , plus the rebounder plus shipping would cost -LRB- ?? -RRB- amount of dollars.So , I ordered it thru Amazon.com . And got great service . Thank You.Urban Rebounder
 This is a very high quality product and you can use it and feel safe . I definitely recommend it .
 I have just purchased the new model from HSN . My second rebounder now . I own the model that is shown here . I recently pulled it out again for my autistic son who can jump to the ceiling on this thing . I had no trouble opening it . I did it all by myself and connected the stability bar also alone . Watching the newer model comes with the resistant cords which I think is great and its easier to install the stability bars . I actually forgot how to get them on after yrs of this one being stored away . I took it out so my son could use it since our big trampoline broke down . We have never had any issues with this rebounder . My son is hyper and jumps very hard on it . No wear or tear or nothing . Great product . Would recommend to anyone especially if you have autistic child as they love to jump and its good for them .
 I purchased the urban rebounder a month ago and I enjoy working out on it . The DVD is easy to follow along to -LRB- and I 'm not very coordinated -RRB- . I have already lost a couple of pounds and my body is a lot more toned . This is a very fun work out !
 I just purchased my second Urban Rebounder after having my first for five years . I jumped on the Urban Rebounder 30 minutes a day at least three to five times a week during those five years and the only problem I ever had was three springs breaking . The first two springs broke after the 3rd year and the 3rd spring was a few weeks ago . I decided to get a new rebounder and use the remaining springs from my old one as replacements when these start to go . I will say my old one is still in very good shape considering the amount it got used but I felt it was time to update it.As for the workout , nothing I 've ever done compares to it . I 'm a very active person and enjoy walking and running but always come back to rebounding . I see the fastest results , have the least amount of pain in my knees , and feel great doing it . It 's just plain fun ! I usually jump while watching my favorite TV shows in the evenings and punch with eight pound weights while doing it . If you do a Google search you can find a variety moves to do on the trampoline and research on how it is good for you . Also , the included videos will give you some ideas for moves but I 'll admit I never used them much . Overall , I feel better at 37 than I did in my 20 's and I think rebounding had a lot to do with that change . I 'm obviously very fond of this product since I just bought a second one so I do n't hesitate to give it five stars . It will bring you results if you use it with consistency and pair it with a good diet .
 I am 49 , and in excellent shape , having been an avid runner since childhood . But this past year my knees have begun to hurt after long runs . Cushion insoles helped for a while , but lately even with those I have had to rest my knees several days after a long run -LRB- 50-60 minutes -RRB- . Desperate for a way to get a good workout , I started researching rebounders in earnest . The Urban Rebounder seemed to be a good balance between the cheap $ 30 + models and the primo made-in-Germany-totally-cool-bungee-spring-but-costs-over - $ 500 Bellicon . I would have loved to have bought the latter , but the former fit my budget much better!The UR cost $ 90 including Super Saver Shipping , and arrived 4 days after ordering . Not bad!All parts present , and it took me alone about 6 minutes to assemble . -LRB- Read the instructions so you avoid potential injuries . -RRB- -LRB- I would like to know the difference between this model -LRB- orange perimeter stripe -RRB- and the other one on Amazon for $ 192 -LRB- yellow perimeter stripe -RRB- . Only difference in the description is the carry bag . The one I got did not include the bag . -RRB- I got right on and did a 60 minute workout . Very nice . Not as smooth a bounce as the Bellicon , no doubt -LRB- which reportedly feels like jumping on a cloud - though I doubt any Bellicon owners have ever really jumped on a cloud -RRB- . But it felt fine to me . A little spring noise , but not too bad . I was able to keep my heart rate up as high as when running . And no knee pain afterwards . So I 'm happy.Some advantages of rebounding over running :1 . Easier on joints . I can definitely feel the difference .2 . Can rebound with hand weights without adding undue extra stress on joints , a concern I had when running with hand weights -LRB- I did my workout today with two 5 lb weights -RRB- . Hand weights work upper body , and provide good resistance training to build and maintain bone mass -LRB- I am on prednisone for a medical condition , so at risk of osteoporosis -RRB- .3 . Can rebound at home whenever convenient ; does n't matter what the weather is outside .4 . Can watch TV , internet videos , etc. while rebounding -LRB- only an advantage if you do n't watch trash -RRB- .5 . If all the hype is true , it is really good for your lymphatic system , muscles , etc. , maybe better than running .6 . Good for all fitness levels . Go at your own pace . Just bouncing lightly for 5 minutes a day is reportedly very helpful for those who are out of shape.I have n't yet viewed the included DVD workouts , but have checked out several youtube videos to get an idea of the kinds of moves people do on a rebounder . It 's really easy , but begin slowly , and use the handle bar , if you are n't totally comfortable from the start.I 'm always suspicious of reviews from people who just received their product -LRB- some write a review before even trying it out . What confidence ! -RRB- . And I respect the views of those who have months or years of experience with this equipment . If I have any trouble with the UR in the near future , I 'll amend this review . But so far , 5 stars.UPDATE
 I use this while watching TV . One of my concerns was if it made a lot of noise . It does n't make much noise at all so it does n't disturb others , and I can hear the TV.I like the handle bar because it provides just enough support that I do n't feel like I may fall off.Nice product and the price is good seems to be well made .
 I received my Urban Rebounder the day after I ordered it . I found it easy to unfold & set up . I am still on the beginner CD , with the others to look forward to . I worried about it 's endurance & stability , but got over the worry pretty quickly after using it a while . I keep it ready to use , alternating between using the Rebounder & resistance training . I like variety in my workouts and have to stay reasonable on the size of exercise equipment I get . I prefer to work out in privacy instead of at the gym . I am thoroughly satisfied with this product .
 I bought this to exercise in the house . It 's perfect ! It was easy to put together and does n't take up a lot of room . Definately worth the price !!!
 I think this is one of the best pieces of exercise equipment you can buy . That is if you actually use it . I find that if I use it for 30 minutes five times per week , I can stay in shape and I am over forty years of age . You will lose weight and inches if you are consistent . It is not hard and there are different workouts included so you wo n't get bored . The only problem I have with this program is that some of the workouts on the DVDs are unviewable . There were several that I wanted to try but I could not do them because some of the DVDs are - messed up . I guess they did not copy correctly . That is my only complaint with this program .
 I 'm 70 and do n't get exercise very much so it works for me.I only wish it was smaller takes up to much room . I do n'tfold it up because I use it every day .
 Set up was very easy . It is easy to use . I leave mine setup all the time so I can use it when I have a few minutes any time .
 It was a great product and handled very fast.I will purchase again from this supplier
 This is a sturdy trampoline and it really helps to have the bar . I would highly recommend this item .
 The rebounder seems sturdy enough and it 's rather heavy , but the stabilizing bar feels like it could be more ... stable . Maybe , because it 's detachable for storage , it ca n't be . I do n't know . It 's good to have that feature though . My mom is older and feels more secure with the bar . Out of the box , it does have a unpleasant , `` heavy plastic '' odor , but that soon wears off . Easy assembly , no tools required . I tried it out , but do n't use it ... prefer the treadmill , but my mom is pleased . I think this one is free delivery . Thanks Amazon .
 Because I have lower and neck problems I used the senior workout and abs . I loved it . It was low impact and I use this work out when I feel a need for a little more after my zumba or aerobics class . I recommended it to my friends . Thank youHappily 60 yrs young
 I received the rebounder , the DVD , but no storage bag.The way it was packed the first time I received it was awful . The box was torn , the rebounder was banged up and a bit torn , the DVD came a bit scratched and itwould not play well in my dvd . Also one of the holes where the handle goes in had a defect.Amazon took care of the problem and sent me another one right away . This one came in excellent condition . The DVD worked.It does have a strong odor , but alot of equiptment has a strong odor at first.I use it in the mornings when I dont have anything in my stomach yet.I dont have to go out to exercise . Also if the day is gloomy or too cold it helps to have this . I dont fold it and unfold it . It just stays out , sinceyou also need a second person to help you fold it away.The abdominal work out is good . My daughter who is homeschooled , also uses it . I find that it helps when we need to destress . It gives you something to dowith your anxiety . Not that you are going to jump on it to cope with things , but if you cant take a long walk this is just helpful because it is there for youto maybe pace on . Just an idea.Its exercise and its fun !
 Bought this for my daughter who has enjoyed my rebounder . She is loving it and the 3 great rebounder work out DVD 's . Great Price , free shipping .
 I first purchased this rebounder through Walmart . I paid more and close over $ 30 for shipping to get it faster . I did n't get it in for quite a while and when I did , it was in an old box and clearly beaten up and used . I was so disappointed . I had to take it into a Walmart and 2 hours later was finally credited . I realized this was a good mini trampoline I just needed to find a place that was honest . Well , I found it . This rebounder was affordable and shipped extremely fast to me . It was brand new , in a brand new box , easy to set up and works excellent ! I love it . Thanks for renewing my faith that you can find good deals with great products on-line .
 I was pleased with the fast delivery of this rebounder . It arrived in excellent condition and with all the parts . I am looking forward to a long future of rebounding . I would not hesitate to order from this seller again .
 It is a really good product . I did have one problem with the way it was put together at the factory , but after calling and e-mailing the company , my rebounder is now in good working order and I am getting use of it.Great product for the price , also .
 I was going to buy the super expensive rebounder to get started until a friend of mine said , `` Buy a cheap one first and see if you use it for six months , then buy the more expensive one as a reward if you do . '' His advice was really smart , so I followed it and bought this very affordable version as a personal trial . Guess what ? Rebounding bores me to tears and I 'm very glad that I did n't spend close to $ 400 on something that I want to do -LRB- maybe -RRB- once a month . Rebounding is great for your health , so I wish that I would do it more often , but it 's uncomfortable without a fitness bra that is anything less than metal armor.Regarding this particular model , it is sturdy and has held up very well to inclement weather and little boys jumping wildly and rolling it all around the yard and driveway . After over a year of -LRB- mis -RRB- use , it has only a few small tears in the spring cover and a little rust on the legs . The only reason that I did n't give it 5 stars is because it is an untenable challenge to fold-up . I thought that I 'd be able to take it with me when I travel for work , but I found that it was a major pain in the neck to make it transportable . If that is not going to be an issue for you , I highly recommend the Urban Rebounder .
 My Cardiologist has been tring for several years to get me to get moving for health reasons . He does not care about the workout cd 's nor the portability of the rebounder . He did want me to get something with a grab bar as I am clumsy due to many medications . My workout is walking in place for 10 minutes several times a day while watching TV ! The Rebounder takes the pressure off of my joints that normal walking adds to the point where I ca n't walk without extreme pain . Another factor is that the Rebounder can bear my weight range of 250 to 300 lbs . A lot of other rebounders can not hold that weight range . My Cardiologist did NOT specify this particular rebounder himself , I found it by researching & comparing many rebounders for price & quality of constuction .
 Nice workout , so basically happy with it -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- . Just a word of warning
 I purchased the urban rebounder and I love it . First , it was very easy to set up . All you do is unfold it and pull the legs into place and pop on the handle . I did it by myself in about 10 minutes.Second , the rebound surface give a nice soft bounce and the handle helps you keep your balance . The bar is also nice to hold for doing leg lifts etc while standing on the rebounder , sorta like a ballet bar.Finally , the DVDs are great . There are so many different routines and types of routines you will never get bored . Everything from ballet to hip hop to Latin and more . I also just like to put on some music and make up my own routines . I am really happy with this rebounder . You should get one and be sure to get the DVDs with it .
 Super durable , pretty easy to put together . The video is a little cheesy , but will definately give you a workout and the instructor made it fun . You really do n't need to stability bar if you are the least bit athletic , but it helps the first couple times . I would recommend this set .
 I 've only had this for a week , so if it breaks or frays before a few months at least , I `` ll do another review . The company made an error in shipping me a stabilizing barthat had top pieces that did n't fit together . I called , they asked for ` proof of purchase , ` then told me they 'd send one that fit . Still have n't gotten it , but it does n't matter.The bar would only get in my way . That said , there 's definitely a learning curve to doingthis exercise . At first I did n't understand that you do n't `` jump , '' you jam the balls of your feetinto the mat . The ` rebounding ' action is what gives you the exercise . The video that comeswith is wonderful for teaching how to do it . I watched several times while learning , and by thefourth day I understand what it 's supposed to feel like . The first few days I did feel like myinnards were going to drop out . You have to learn to use your abdominals and maintain the correctposture/stance while using this , or runs to the bathroom are , um , frequent . I `` got '' it by day4 . It 's a fantastic workout when doing it right . Could n't do the beginners workout for the wholefifteen minutes at first . Next day , all leg muscles achey but without the ` heaviness ' that comes withusual `` charlie horse . '' And NO joint pain . Just equally distributed mild muscle pain that showed meI was using all my muscles . By day 4 I worked up to 20 minutes , and have to say I have to make myselfstay off the thing . Folding it up is nearly impossible on your own , so just leave it down . You can tipit to roll it out of the way . But if it 's down on the floor you 're going to want to jump on it at leastseveral times a day because it 's fun . I do find the bounce a little stiff ; but at this price , once I know I ` mgoing to stay with rebounding , I 'll purchase a more expensive better quality rebounder . For starters , I am glad I have this . Put your favorite dance music on , and it 's actually crazy-fun to use .
 I am limited due to physical challenges as to what I can do as far as a daily workout . With this piece of equipment I can just stand on it and bounce if that is all that I feel I am able to do that day . On days that I feel better , I can be more vigorous . I can sit and do yoga on it or I can stand and do a full body workout . I alternate between the elipticle . It is also easy to move around . After you remove the support bar , you just turn the unit up on its side and roll it to another place.Sincerely , Glenda Anouilh
 Update
 I searched for a long time before buying a rebounder , because I wanted to be able to use it for a long time and get my money 's worth out of it . I 'm a SAHM , and ca n't get to the gym.Things I like about this rebounder :1 -RRB- The price -- great product for a really reasonable price .2 -RRB- The free shipping with amazon .3 -RRB- It 's made to be used in gyms , so it 's sturdy and made for a LOT of jumping -LRB- several rebounding classes in a row , for example -RRB- 4 -RRB- The DVD is helpful with several workouts to get you started with good toning moves so you do n't get bored .5 -RRB- Made to be used outside and inside . Nice .6 -RRB- This is a GREAT WORKOUT ! I can see definition in my abs .7 -RRB- Folds up nice and small . I think I could take it with me anywhere without a lot of hassle.Things I do n't like so much :1 -RRB- Because this is made to be used in a gym all day long , it 's a little more of a hard bounce , and I found that if I do n't wear shoes while I jump , my ankles fold inward and hurt for a couple of days afterward . So I wear shoes when I bounce .2 -RRB- This thing is SO NOISY . Guess that 's what you get for under $ 100 . I have to turn up the TV pretty loud if I want to watch while bouncing . -LRB- This is n't good for me because I 'm usually bouncing while the babies are napping , and I do n't want to wake them . -RRB- 3 -RRB- I thought the included manual could have been more extensive , but maybe that 's just me.I wish the bar could be lowered just a little more , so my toddler could hold on while she jumps.All in all , I 'm satisfied with my purchase , and am getting GREAT results from the workout . Awesome abs with no situps , and it 's a fun workout . I worked my way from 5 minutes up to 30 minutes , adding a minute a day , and have really increased my stamina and endurance . I 'm always nice and sweaty after a workout . Excellent for the beginning jumper !
 I 've seen compariable rebounders listed for $ 79 more than this . I 've been rebounding over 12 years and I 've been through at least 2-3 of them . The canvas on this is smaller than conventional rebounders , but that is because the springs are over sized . I have never had a rebounder workout like I have with this one . Because the springs are so large , the tramp propels you upward , making for less effort . I do not see any kind of flaws in the design . This equipment is an answer to your prayers if you like rebounding . You do n't have to pay any more $ than what is offered for this . The stabalizer bar I do not have an opinion on it , I have n't watched the videos to see what exactly is expected of them . My kid likes to grab them , though . This is the perfect trampoline , like I said because of the larger springs which assists you in your workout . Usually I get bored after 20 minutes , but after 40 minutes I had to stop because I did n't want to push myself too hard of a workout .
 This product was a great price , the frame is very sturdy -LRB- it 's quite heavy -RRB- and the springs are really good . It is very soft bounce and works quite well.One of the rubber ends on the legs split , otherwise it has been working very well ... you get a great workout in a short time , even when you do n't feel like doing much . I have recommended this to many people ... I could be a salesman for the company ! I like it that much .
 I bought this trampoline this morning at Sports Authority . I have had a Bodyflex mini trampoline for 3 years , but it always felt uncomfortable when jumping -LRB- I would only last for 2 minutes before giving up -RRB- , so I let the kids have it . I decided to try the Urban Rebounder because it is advertised as having larger and stronger springs . I felt the difference immediately . Jumping on this trampoline makes me feel light and springy . It is fun and sturdy to boot -LRB- I weigh over 200 pounds-but not for long -RRB- . I worked up quite a sweat on the First Timers 15 minute work out , which felt really good.I definitely felt the burn in my calves and thighs , and effectively hit my target heart rate.I look forward to doing the full-length workouts starting tomorrow.I have read some reviews of users complaining about breast discomfort due to bouncing . It is no fault of the product . Simple jogging or jumping jacks would render the same caomplaint . As with any exercise that involves plyometrics -LRB- jumping -RRB- or rigorous movement , a good support bra is in order -- or you may have to wear 2 bras or a snug lycra tank over a bra for compression and added support . I am a 42DD , so I know the importance of good support . ; - -RRB- The product comes assembled -LRB- except for the balance bar , which snaps together in a minute or two -RRB- and is easy to set up -LRB- especially when one follows the instructions -RRB- . I plan to use it regularly , so I just folded the legs down and leaned it against the wall next to my treadmill . It would also easily slide under a bed.I am quite satisfied with my purchase , thus far .
 I 've been thinking about buying this for a while . I finally did , and I do n't regret it at all ! It 's sturdy , it 's fun , and it 's a GREAT workout . I consider myself to be in decently good shape , and just the beginner workout gets my heart pumping . It definitely works my abs -- I can always feel them a little more after a workout on the urban rebounder . The workout DVD is great , even though the instructor reminds me a little bit of Duffman on The Simpsons ... `` Alll ... right ! ''
 This product exceeds all expectations . Easy setup and extremely well built ; great STRONG SPRINGS with six strong stable legs and stabolizing bar which is extremely important to an older person . I LOVE IT !
 My Urban Rebounder arrived with several of the springs disconnected from the frame.These springs are very tight and it was all my husband and I could do to attach them . There were two disk . One has sections that can not be viewed and the other is totaly bad . Other than that I still like the thing . It 's more like walking in sand than jump rope type jumping . I get a good workout from it and use it several times a week . To much trouble to fold and unfold so I just leave it open .
 After many months of comparison shopping , Urban Rebounder won my vote . It is sturdy and quiet . -LRB- Some of the less expensive units are very noisy -RRB- . It took me about 10 minutes to set it up for the first time -LRB- out of the box -RRB- . It is very resilient and feels solid under your feet . The ` railing ' has a little bit of movement , but it is intended to help you stabilize , not support you . I found I did n't need it at all and simply removed it from the holders . Great unit and worth the money .
 I have arthritis and find a simple `` jog '' on the urban rebounder gives me exercise without stress on my knees and also allows me to move even when the weather would discourage me . This my second rebounder . The material eventually `` shreds '' . I bought a replacement middle but was unable to get it on . I like the rebounder enough to buy another . I roll it into a closet when not in use although it can be folded up , it takes 2 people to do so . I like to bounce while watching TV . I am 62 .
 I first heard about this product on Steve Harvey and he was saying how great this product was so I decided to try it and it is really a great workout I could not beleive how good rebounder was ; Steve Harvey said that six minutes on the rebounder is walking a one mile and now I see why . The guy that invented this rebounder is name JB and he is awesome . There 's a dvd that comes with rebounder . First timers , beginner , cardio , abs and so much more ; Also one more great reason to buy the rebounder you can store it away neatly the rebounder folds so it 's not in the way and for people that have a hard time to keep your balance it comes with a stablelizer bar . I put down my wii fitness and I just do the rebounder now I Love It .
 I was looking for something that would help move me from being a couch potato to a regular exerciser . I placed the trampoline near the TV , so that every time I find myself ` just sitting ' , I get up and start jumping around on the trampoline . So far , so good ! I was looking for a system that could handle my large frame -LRB- read
 The first one I ordered came in a broken box with broken pieces . The second came in with no broken pieces . It is not a minitramp and works well in my basement gym where the ceiling is low . I was looking for an aerobic piece of equipment in addition to my stationary bike . It gives a terrific aerobics workout . You press down , not jump up which takes some getting used to . I do not fold it after use , which I could , since it rolls to the side and tucks away . The additional bar for balance is helpful when you get started or running . It was extremely easy to assemble . the dvd workout included was helpful in understanding how it works . I do not plan on getting more workout DVDs as I just want to keep this simple .
 The Urban Rebounder is great . There are multiple things you can do with your workout , so for days not spent at a gym , it provides a wonderful alternative . It uses a lot of different muscle groups too . The bar makes it a lot safer than the original trampoline without one . Along with being very affordable , it 's also very easy to assemble . I love it .
 I really like the Urban Rebounder , it is the easiest form of exercise I have ever done . Not only is it good for what you can see on the outside of your body , it has tremendous results for the inside of your body . Try it , I 'm sure you will find it fun and a simple workout .
 This trampoline gives a great workout . I like the size - not too large and does n't take up tons of space . The handle is perfect for me as I 'm concerned about losing my balance . The handle could be a bit more sturdy , but overall I 'm very pleased with the performance of the product .
 Unlike a lot of heavy exercise equipment , this is portable and can easily be moved out of the way or folded up.There are so many different exercises that can be performed on this equipment - toning all areas of your body ; yet , you can progress at whatever level is comfortable to you.I have several problems with my feet and have had to quit every exercise program I have joined due to the pain caused by the impact of the exercises on my feet . I ca n't get my heart rate up and/or keep it up because of the pain . This system allows me to sustain a destined heart rate without the total impact being borne on my feet.The Rebounder came with several of the ties that secure the legs detached . I know Amazon would exchange the item for one with secured ties ; however , I do n't want to go to the trouble to box it up to return it to Amazon . Therefore , I do n't have a way to adequately fold the Rebounder up when I need to move it out of the way .
 I like my rebounder , the company did fix my DVD issues , as the ones that first came with the rebounder were defective . I am happy with the service i received . I have had this rebounder about 4 months now . My kids used it a lot during the winter to burn off energy when it was way too cold to go outside . I like it because I can do five minutes here five minutes there . My only personal drawback is that I live on the second floor apt . and even though they are probably not bothered , I always feel like the downstairs residents can hear the bouncing .
 It is a great product , especially for the winter months when you ca n't get out to excercise . VERY easy to assemble , takes about 10 minutes . Comes with a fabulous DVD , A great workout , gets your heart going . VERY Fun so you want to keep going back to it again and again . I highly reco this product.I am a mom of three and ca n't leave the house easily . This has been a great way to get back into shape !
 I am a work out junkie ... love every thing from lifting weights , step aerobics , pilates , yoga , fitness walking , jogging , you name it I 've tried it . I got my rebounder in Feb of this year ... love it ! Great cardio , with easy on the joints . I just turn up the tunes and blast it out ! Great way to relieve stresses of the day , and stay in great shape too ! Excellent addition to my workout routine . Good way to burn fat and sculpt some muscle ! Could not be with out it ... : -RRB-
 I ordered this rebounder with some fear that being a folding trampoline it might break or fold when in use . I am 220 llbs and have used it since it arrived without one problem what so ever . It assembled quickly , the stabalizer bar is a great feature . I can carry it indoors and outdoors easily . Buy it ! You wo n't be sorry !
 This rebounder is very well made and a blast to use . Absolutely no odor from it when we unpacked it . It is an item that I will use most every day unlike those gimmick things sold in infomercials . When you get used to using this you may not need to use the hand bar for balance . This rebounder gives you a good workout without being hard on you body . Love it and recommend it .
 I purchased this trampoline for days when I can not take my walk outside . It is a great addition to my exercise room . Years ago I had a trampoline , which I enjoyed and used . Great improvements have been made since then . The trampoline is sturdy and operates smoothly . Love the handle for stability .
 The urban rebounder was recommended to me by my chiropracter . I tried it out in his office before ordering it and was happy with it . I hope to use it in my own home with good results .
 We call it `` The Gym '' . She gets on that `` Gym '' and I put on `` The Pointer Sisters '' CD ... and away she goes !!! For someone who has never liked any kind of `` arobics '' -LRB- except for swimming and walking -RRB- , she is having a lot of fun with `` her ` Gym ' '' !
 I bought this for my sons , ages 5 and 2 , and the 2 year old loves it probably more than his big brother . The rockets are as soft as Nerf foam , and they launch very easily . The rockets fly high and fast , but they do n't hurt even when they hit you in the face . The 2 year old has taken to carrying the rocket launcher like a mini bazooka and chasing his brother with it around the house ... he holds the rocket launcher on his little shoulder , drops the stomp-pad on the floor , and fires a salvo at his brother in less than a few seconds ... it is amazing how good his aim has become . So far , they have been unable to damage anything with it or hurt one another.This all said , this is not how the toy was meant to be used , but if you have boys , this is how it will eventually be used . If you have objections to your children firing foam projectiles at one another , then this is not the toy for you , -LRB- I know several parents that dislike the idea of their children `` shooting '' at anyone and refuse to buy them water-guns or Nerf products -RRB- . If you use this as it was meant to be used , you will take it outside and launch it straight up into the air , and it really goes amazingly high . Even when used properly , this toy is a blast to play with ... even for dads .
 This toy surprised me - it attracted so many kids that all refills I bought are useful.I bought the rocket toy for my 4-year old son . It took me 1 minute to set it up in a park . My son was able to launch the rocket into the sky immediately . Within several minutes , the toy attracted a dozen kids in the park . They lined up to get a chance to play . All kids love it -LRB- ranging from 3-8 years old -RRB- . They played for more than an hour . At the end , several parents approached me and ask where I have bought them . I told them they can get it from Amazon.com .
 great toy inside and out . The rockets are so soft , they ca n't break anything in the house . Beware of losing high flying rockets in treetops and on the roof !!! great toy !!
 For my 3 year old and even for me -LRB- 38 -RRB- , this is tons of fun for the backyard . The only problem is that they get stuck on trees , roof tops and they go over fences . I suggest getting at least 2 packs -LRB- 6 rockets -RRB- , in case some go missing . I do n't consider it an educational toy , but it does teach gravity .
 I bought Stomp Jr for my two little boys ages 2 and 4 for Christmas . It has been lots of fun for both , they can use it in the house or outside . I would recommend this toy , the only thing I would change is the base falls apart pretty easily and it is made out of thin plastic which I can forsee breaking in the future .
 The product this goes with -LRB- the Stomp Rocket -RRB- is great for kids to burn off energy with . My 2 yr-old and 4 yr-old both love it , and it 's easy for them to use . I highly recommend it !
 My son loved this . He loves that he can `` fill '' his plane up with gas .
 This is a cute addition to the geo trax system . It also works with the airport which is really cool . My son absolutely loves this system . The airport is probably one of his favorite pieces , so anything that works with it is great . It also is really fun by itself . You really do n't need any other pieces to go with it -LRB- but you 'll want them anyway -RRB- . My son is 3 years old . We have found that the Geo Trax have been built really well and are definitely toddler or pre-schooler friendly . Overall a great toy .
 This is a very good set for teaching -LRB- or reinforcing -RRB- phonics , reading , and writing . Of course there is never just one tool that you will use , but this has been very effective . -LRB- Do n't forget the importance of teaching `` sight words '' and reading to/with them . -RRB- I used this set with my daughter from about age 4-5 . She has had a lot of fun with it . And when she started Kindergarten I noticed that they had the letter rods in their class too.I like the portability of it and also how everything stays organized . It is durable , with one complaint ; the writing board is not truly `` dry-erase '' you need a damp cloth to get it clean , which is a little messy . The board will also stain if you are n't careful -LRB- be sure not to let any writing stay on the board for a long time -RRB- . My only other complaint is that it is a little pricey -LRB- although typical for these types of products -RRB- . And although you can use it for other things and create your own activities , once the cards are all used up you are stuck . There are refills but they are hard to find and there is , of course the money issue.All in all , I would say it is worth it .
 I was absolutely astonished at the condition of the stuffed animal I purchased , and would use this site for more purchases in the future .
 Amazon.com and Geo Trax have made shopping for our grandson so easy ! He 's two years old and lives 3 hours away but we know he loves all of the Geo Trax including the Portside Fishing Pier and we love the ease and promptness of Amazon.com . How can we go wrong ?! We did a lot of price comparison over the holidays too and Amazon.com was the clear way to go for a smart shopper , like this grandma .
 This little set is an absolutely adorable addition to the GeoTrax set . My nephew has almost all the pieces now , but he really loved this one . Even the adults had fun with it .
 We had a great time playing the Light ` N ' Strike Math game . My daughter is allowed to use a calculator in school and I often worry about how well she really knows her math facts . She did a great job and I could tell after she played for a while it was becoming easier for her . There were facts that I could n't remember at all -LRB- it 's been a while since I 've been in school -RRB- and it did become easier after I had seen them on the game a few times . Charlee Ann -LRB- my youngest at 11/2 years -RRB- really liked the flashing lights and was quick to grab the game off the table -LRB- this is not recommended but it did happen -RRB- and she decided that the way you played the game was to throw it across the room . The game held up without a scratch and we learned to put the game up and out of her reach . One thing that was a little nerve racking was when you had to wait for a number to light up to get the answer . I wanted instant gratification when I knew the right answer !!
 This is one of my grandchildren 's favorites . It helps them build speed at solving math problems from simple addition all the way through division . It 's durable too .
 This is a very educational and engaging toy . It teaches math skills -LRB- simple addition to mutiplication/division -RRB- , and builds reflexes and hand/eye coordination . It plays like `` Math Whack-A-Mole . '' It allows you enough time to think about the correct answer . When the light flashes on the correct answer , you `` hit '' it and press enter . My only -LRB- small -RRB- complaint is that sometimes if you do n't hit the number WHILE it is lit -LRB- a little slow with your reflexes -RRB- , the toy will indicate that the answer is `` wrong '' -LRB- it 's not that you 're WRONG , you just did n't strike the number quickly enough -RRB- . My 5-year-old is building addition and subtraction skills , and has only been playing with this for one day !
 This is a great toy for all ages . I bought it for my 7 year old , however , all of my children ages 5-12 enjoy this toy . They prefer pressing the buttons with their fingers instead of using the hammer . It offers a challenge , but is still fun and exciting at the same time . It has truly helped my 12 year old to start mastering multiplication . Even though it is a learning toy it is very entertaining and keeps them from the televison or video games . It has helped make learning fun . I recommend this product to anyone who has a child struggling with math . I have to go now my 7 year old wants to play it again !!!
 I purchased this toy for my 6-year-old son for Christmas , and am very pleased with it . I was looking for the most appealing math game for my active son , and I think I have found it ! Its design resembles an arcade game , it has lively music -LRB- with volume control ! -RRB- , multiple levels , and it is very sturdy . You can `` hit '' the keys with the mallot or use your hands , but the mallot is an appealing feature ! I expect this toy to be used for fun learning for at least a couple of years .
 my son loves math problems he is 8 years old and likes this toy and it is not to fast which is good for him because if things go to fast he gets frustrated . i would recommend it to a child that likes math games
 I bought this battery to upgrade the stock 600 mAh battery that came with my radio . works good and get more flight time out of it .
 I bought this with a bit of reservation because I needed a battery for my lynx 3D , and the connector looks different . I received the battery , and the connector is different , but no worry , it still works . You just have to look at the polarity of the old 3 pin connector -LRB- wire colors -RRB- and match it to the new 2 pin connector -LRB- again , wire colors -RRB- . Leave one outside pin with nothing on it , it does n't matter , the 2 outside ones are the same . Plug it in and it powers right up . Charges fine with the original lynx charger , I have n't gotten to really test the life yet since my truck is broken , but I 'm sure its a ton better than the old Ni-Cads that did n't last for 5 minutes before . Awesome product , money well spent .
 The bingo cards were part of a gift for my mother in law and her bingo group at the local senior citizens center . They were absolutiely thrilled with the size of the numbers and the ease in using the cards .
 These cards are sturdy and the numbers are large . They made for great fun at our family bingo party . They replaced the cards they came with our bingo set which were flimsy and small .
 I own these cards . They are sturdy , but the product description is not very clear . Provide a better product description -- more people would buy . .
 I had been searching for new bingo cards since mine were getting a little worn and these were perfect . Just make sure to get some300 Plastic Bingo Chipsto go with them or something similar . They 're sturdy cards that I expect will last for a long time .
 We needed extra cards for the bingo set we have . When the nieces & nephews visit , we started running out of cards , as we dd n't want to keep re-using the same ones over and over . I decided to order these when the price dropped from $ 12 to $ 8 -LRB- free s/h -RRB- , I went ahead and `` pulled the trigger '' . These cards are heavy card board , and well worth the lower price from seller - HomeCasinoGames .
 Nice cards , nice color and now have plenty for the players to swap out . Nice to be able to get needed supplies .
 The cards are perfect for doing BINGO for 31 third graders . The numbers are big enough that they can find them on their cards and the cards are made of a sturdy stock of paper so they wo n't tear . I anticipate being able to use them all year and beyond . Very good purchase if you 're looking for sturdier bingo cards with the numbers being of a larger font . Highly recommend .
 The cards are of a different color -LRB- this set is green , my Bingo set is blue -RRB- and it is ever so slightly thinner than the cards that came with my Huntar Bingo set . Regardless , it is a great addition , especially if you plan to have a bingo game with more than four people .
 I bought this Bingo to play with about ten friends very nice game for the price I ca n't wait to play sturdy and everything works .
 Purchased these bingo cards for a family reunion of 50 people - they are extremely durable and worked really well ! Excellent product .
 As my extended family grew , we wanted to carry on our Holiday traditions ... needed more , these are perfect - sturdy - good size - vibrant color .
 My son has been getting imaginext toys for the last 3 years and they all still look like brand new . DURABLE and he loves them !
 I have replaced my slightly smaller and fairly uncomfortable Scooby-Doo lip plate with the Coaster sized Family Guy model and am glad to say that they hold up well to the moist conditions found there . I am sure they would suit a traditional application as well .
 I finally got around to buying these after never finding them in stores -LRB- and getting jealous seeing my husband use his Simpson 's coasters while I was non-dorkily stuck using a plain coaster ... or any nearby stack of unpaid bills -RRB- . They hardly took any time to arrive at all ! I was * not * expecting them this quickly , especially since it 's so close to Christmas ~ slipping them in my stocking and saying they 're from Santa ~ . -LRB- there are two vendors presently available for this item , I chose Red Dog Toys -RRB- I have to admit that my powers of observation are lacking ... I did n't realize that was a tin there in front of the photo , I assumed it was just showing all four coasters stacked . ~ shrug ~ Color me tickled pink x2.I wish it would have been at 8-pack so Lois , Meg , Quagmire and Cleveland could get some face time , too .
 My parents bought this and the dump truck for my 3-year son . The wheel loader is a good dexterity builder because the controls require two hands to operate `` properly '' . Of course , my son adores it even when used `` improperly '' . -LRB- P.S. I know now the names of more different construction vehicles than I ever thought existed two years ago -RRB-
 Of the -LRB- roughly -RRB- 6 million vehicles which now inhabit our house and yard this has been our son 's hands down favorite since its arrival . It 's incredibly durable - having withstood both the elements and our 2 year old 's use & abuse for nearly a year . He 's used it to move dirt , rocks , sand & water - it lives in his wading pool and has yet to rust . I wish other toys were as well made !
 After much research I 'm back to the old steadfast Tonka for my 3 year old.These are the best construction toys for kids . I gave it a 4 for the plastic parts . I still have my Tonka loader in perfect condition from 1970 , it has a metal loader bucket and mechanism . Although you could argue that the plastic bucket might be more safe if it gets plowed into anything other than dirt or it wo n't get scraped up from digging and corrode if left out in the elements too often . I like all metal.But these are still just great construction toys . The competitors use too much plastic in places where they 'll actually break . They feel like they 're going to fall apart unless sitting foreven on a shelf.Kids will push anything to it 's limit , at least smaller kids . So expect any flimsy plastic , realistic looking parts to get broken , unless it 's building blocks or something like that.There 's a difference between hard plastic and softer plastic in terms of durability . Most of the competitor trucks feel like hard plastic . The harder plastic snaps frm fatigue . The bucket on the loader is a bit softer , it 's more pliable so it should n't snap from moderate abuseI 'd also stay away from the Tonkas that look more realistic but are all plastic , a harder plastic , and battery operated . Although alittle more realistic looking , those are n't really made for digging or pushing or anything but pretending to dig on a carpet inside only . Perhaps for older kids who play more realistically than forcefully . I 've seen some with all of their realistic brittle plastic loader parts just broked off where they attach from over use from preschoolers.These look much more durable , and they are . My sons still look pretty darn good and they 've seen much use .
 The Front Loader is a favorite in our household for over a year now when I bought this toy for my 2 year old son . It rules big time ! It 's being used to play with and also to ride on . Also his 4 year old sister -LRB- a hefty 53 pounds -RRB- enjoys riding The Front Loader . It 's by far the strongest toy I 've seen . It survives being thrown down a 6 foot slide on a regular basis . I think we will enjoy this one for many years .
 Tonka was the best built toy made when I was a kid . Now they are nothing but a cheap plastic toy with thin metal attached for show . I made the mistake of getting a dumptruck and a front end loader made by Tonka for my 2 yo , 25 pound grandson . Within a few days they were all bent up and not even rolling around on the floor correctly . If a 25 pound kid can do this , it really tells how poorly they are made .
 My 4 year old son has moved rocks , soil , other toys and anything else that will fit in the bed across the yars at least 10 times each . Now he has a front end loader , the weather has been inclimate for outdoors , but watch out in the house , its load a lot . Hours of fun .
 For our son 's second birthday my husband built him a gravel pit for the sole purpose of playing with TONKA TRUCKS !!!! Well to say that this toy is not tough would be an understatement.This front end loader has been buried , thrown , push down his slides , rained on and heavens knows ` what else.These toys are great.Even though they are not all steel like they used to be , the quality is still far superior then any trucks we have seen.Jake has quite a few Tonka 's and he is having a blast with them.Maybe the fact that there is some strong plastic parts helps him to lift/hold a little easier , not as heavy.He will get many years of fun out of this reasonably priced toy.How could you wrong ? and the best part is that it is guaranteed for life.Now your talking !
 I PURCHASED THIS TOY FOR MY 2.5 YR OLD SON AND HE IS HAVING A BALL WITH IT!I THINK HE LIKES THIS TOY BECAUSE IT LOOKS JUST LIKE THE REAL ONES HE SEES ON THE ROAD.IT 'S TOUGH BUT LIGHTWEIGHT AND EASY FOR LITTLE ONES TO PICK UP.IT ALSO HAS WORKING PARTS WHICH AIDS IN MANUAL DEXTERITY AND IMAGINATIVE PLAY.I APPRECIATE THAT THIS TOY HAS A LIFETIME WARRANTY AGAINST MANUFACTURAL DEFECTS SO I KNOW MY CHILD WILL HAVE THE BENEFIT OF THIS TOY FOR A LONG TIME TO COME !
 My 3 yr old grand-daughter got this truck for Christmas . Within the first 2 weeks the plastic loader was always falling off due the childs tendency to pick up this heavy toy by grabbing the loader . She still plays with it minus the loader part . Unfortunatly they -LRB- TONKA -RRB- has a design problem to fix .
 Tonka toys is all I 'll buy for my boys . I have ruff playing little lads . This is one toy that will out last them if it 's not stolen first . But you do n't have to take my word for it .
 This is a GREAT toy for a rough little boy which is exactly what we have here ! My son received this for Christmas a year ago & it still looks great & works great ! That is saying lots !! He can destroy a lot of toys quickly b/c he is all boy !! For example , he received a truck for his birthday a month ago which was supposed to be a good rugged truck well it has been pronounced dead & retired to the trash already after just a month , but not his Tonka toys ! But then we always buy the metal ones for him ! I dont think you can go wrong with this toy ! We are actly buying him a few more in this same line for this Christmas b/c they are so rugged !
 These are the BEST toys in the world for kids who love transportation . I got this on special with the free dump truck and they have been all over the house , yard and even went on display for show and tell in grade K. All the kids love it.If this is on special with the free dump truck as it is several times then do n't hesitate get two and save it for a birthday gift . Both girls and boys love 'em . Great buy .
 My 2 yr . old son got this from his uncle for Christmas . He had just turned 2 the previous October and I thought it might be a little too cumbursome and too mechanical for him . He loved it from the start and too be honost , at first it was a little too big for him . But now he 's going to be 21/2 in April and he plays with it everyday . He loves to sit on it and work the handles . He can scoot around on it and dig in the sand . He has n't tossed it around much but it definitely supports his weight when he rides on it .
 What a great toy ! Talk about imagination ! And then again , there 's the Tonka quality . This guy gets slammed around quite a bit and still looks brand new . Plus , it 's great imaginative fun in the sandbox and in the house . Do n't pass this one up !
 First know that we LOVE tonka at our house . I got this front loader as the tonka purchase and amazon sent the dump truck for free . It is tonka sturdy , but i notice my son carries it by the handle on the top for the scoop , and that is n't as kid proof as the rest of the vechicle , so i worry that it will soon break . But it is a welcome addition to our construction company and loads up the lego very well into the dump truck . I 'm thinking of getting an outdoor dumptruck , but i might go for a crane or something else to partner with it .
 I remember my brother getting one of these for Christmas . I was so jealous ! I played with this and the Tonka dump truck as much if not more than he did . This year , I am buying Tonka trucks for my 4 year old daughter . She has a few hot wheels , and told me `` Mommy , I need a new truck for Christmas . '' Wait till she see 's what Santa has brought !
 My 3 & 1/2 year old son ca n't get enough of construction trucks . He loves the size and realistic look of the mighty front loader , and I love the fact that it has n't broken into a million pieces even after my demolition expert has crashed it with his other trucks ! This truck has kept him busy for days on end !!!!
 Our husbands , fathers , and grandfathers played with trucks just like these when they were little , and I can bet that our great-grandsons will play with them , too ! What little boy does n't love to push a Tonka truck around in the dirt ? None that I know of !
 My 2 & 3 year old boys love all these big metal Tonka construction trucks , and all the children at the park come running for them when we bring them .
 I used to have these when I was a child , and they are still as fun , and durable as they were 18 years ago.My son hs all the medal trucks , and plays for hours on end . In the house we use beans to pick up and use instead of gravels . I can not say enough , and with the lifetime warrenty , who cares if it falls down the steps . Only complaint is if left out in rain , it may rust .
 Great Tonka Quality . Our 3 year old received this for his 3rd birthday -LRB- after asking and waiting forever for a loader -RRB- and he loves it . Tonka steel trucks are great and durable .
 My 21/2 year old son loves this truck ! He did n't want to open anything else on Christmas morning , and this was one of the first gifts that he opened . He loves it .
 Do n't waste your time buying other trucks for the kids . Tonka is the ONLY way to go !
 This toy has been left outside in sand , dirt , mud and rain . It stil works good . We have two boys 3 & 6 years old . And they have put this toy to the test and it is still in good shape .
 Mr. Mouth , is , to put it simply , the greatest game of all time . What else can one say . Further words would only be an insult to something so amazingly fantastic . Of course , there are the negative aspects , Mr. Mouth is addictive , like , as in , cocaine addictive . Its also , like , totally psychedelic -LRB- sp . ? -RRB- . Those colors !!! Red , Green , Yellow , and Blue . Mmmmmm ...
 Our son got this for his fifth birthday . He enjoys it quite a lot , even though it is actually quite difficult and he hardly ever gets the flies into Mr. Mouth . So , as a child 's game it is a success . Mr. Mouth also has greater than expected educational value in that it develops real hand-eye coordination . Getting flies into Mr. Mouth is quite difficult and really requires the child to pay attention . This is an upside for many children , though would not be good for a child with a low threshold for frustration.That being said , I think that children 's games should have some amount of appeal to adults , as it is usually adults that the children will be playing with , as most families do n't have several children of the same age . Mr. Mouth is just annoying to the adults . His motor is really loud , and grinds like it is about to die , despite the fact it just got fresh batteries.Go ahead and get Mr. Mouth for your kids , but be prepared to limit the number of games that you will allow to be played at a time . Otherwise , Mr. Mouth will quickly turn into Mr. Obnoxious .
 I used to have this game when I was a kid . It had a yellow man mouth instead of a green frog mouth , but otherwise it was the same classic game as it is today . This game looks tantilizingly easy . That mouth is moving around so slowly . But just like the windmill hole at your local mini-golf course , when you think you 're in , that darn mouth closes . But you ca n't stay mad at Mr. Mouth . And besides , he 'll be back around in a few seconds . I do n't think there is any better game for teaching kids perseverance and hand-eye coordination than the forgivable and entertaining Mr. Mouth !
 I used to play this game when I was a kid -LRB- about 20 years ago -RRB- and loved it !!! My brother and I would play it for hours -LRB- without fighting , too ! -RRB- . I am purchasing it for my own children and look forward to enjoying it again .
 MY 5 YEAR OLD SON JUST HAD TO HAVE THIS TOY . HE PLAYS WITH IT FOR AN HOUR OR TWO AT A TIME . ALTHOUGH THE FLIES ARE KINDA HARD TO GET IN THE MOUTH ALOT OF THE TIME , THATS THE CHALLENGING PART ... THE FUN PART !!!!! I RECOMMEND THIS TOY . . -LRB- IT IS A BIT NOISEY -RRB-
 I ca n't believe they still make Mr. Mouth , This was my favorite game when I was a kid -LRB- 20 + years ago -RRB- I just got It for my own kids , 2 and 3 , They just love it . So simple , yet so challenging .
 I JUST BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 4 AND 6 YEAR OLD . THEY LOVE IT , IT TOOK SOME TIME TO GET USED TO HITING IT JUST RIGHT TO GET THEFLIES IN HIS MOUTH.AWESOME FOR PARENTS AND KIDS TO PLAY TOGETHER.AHHHH , TO BE A KID AGAIN !!!
 I would not recommend this toy for anyone under 5 , as it is quite difficult for a young child to get the flies in the frog 's mouth . It took my 7 year old 10 minutes or so , before she got the hang of it . She started to lose hope , but finally got it . Now we all love to play it as a family !
 Mr.Mouth is my favorite toy in my closet!Mr.Mouth 's head comes around and around and you try to get your frog into his mouth while it 's open.Before you get really good at it you have to get used to it 's pattern of moving and how hard you should fling the fly . I give it to thumbs up ! -LSB- and and three if I had a third ! -RSB-
 This is a fave games of ours to play as a family ... it lets us be silly & have loads of fun . I even had this game when I was a kiddo & it was a fave of mine too =-RRB- ... big hit !!
 We purchased this game after our Mr. Mouth from 1970 broke . This game is just as fun , even though it is a frog .
 I played this game as a child and wanted to get it for my kids . As I thought they loved it the same as I did when I was a kid . My five and nine year olds ca n't stop playing it , but may five year old won against the big people about four times and when she loses she 's very unset and wo n't stop until she has beating the whole family . -LRB- LOL -RRB-
 Wow , what a surprise !!! I picked this up on an impulse buy because my 4.5 year old and 6.5 year old are into board games right now . I knew nothing about it , but it looked kind of fun . I was skeptical that the frog would really spin , but it does . My children both love it !!! They have played it multiple times a day since Christmas . The frog moves around and you have to slap a hand attachment with a fly on it and try to get the fly in the frog 's mouth before it moves away from you . It is extremely exciting and my kids are ecstatic when they get the fly in the frog 's mouth . They feel a great sense of accomplishment and it helps to build hand-eye coordination . Like I said , a real Christmas surprise . Buy it - you wo n't be sorry .
 We love the game.Me and my sister play it all the time and love to see who will win .
 My kids love this toy . I gave educational a 3 only because to me an educational toy really teaches you something like math or spelling . But it is fun and my kids have championships and tournaments . They love it and glad we bought it . Bring back more of the toys we played with . -LRB- I am in my late 30 's -RRB-
 This game is alot of fun . I have many games but I play with Mr. Mouth the most . The only bad thing is that you have to take his head off to store it in the box and it is difficult to get the head back on each time you want to play it .
 My four year old got the game and myself , her 10 year old sister and even dad have played it over and over . The night she got it my kids did not want to quit playing it . I found them early the next morning playing it again . It is very easy to set up . No reading necessary . It is a fast moving , and very fun for up to four to play . It is also the type of game that if you do n't win or do well you want to play again to see if you can do better . One can play alone .
 Mr. mouth is not edjucational game except in that it teaches pactients which everyone needs in life unless you would like to turn out to be very naughty . It is also chalenging to through the tiny game pieces in to his mouth while your apponents are also . You also can have a lot of fun trying to do to or more pieces into his mouth because on me only one of them flys into his mouth !
 My daughter fell in love with this game at daycare and just had to have it for Christmas . The daycare 's game was missing the top of the head , which made it easier to actually get your flies in the center . We actually ended up removing the head from our game at home . We set a timer and see who can get the most flies in the center in one minute . Without the head , its still loads of fun , much easier , and MUCH quieter .
 I bought this for my 3 and 5 year old daugthers . They play it every day . It is sometimes hard for the litte one to get the flies into the frogs mouth , but she just loves flicking them in the air . It was worth the purchase !
 I just bought this game for my son after he played it at nursery school and fell in love with it . Yes , it is a LITTLE hard to get the flies into the frog 's mouth , but that 's the challenge of the game - and my son is 4 and doing fine with it . I just can not believe how nitpicky some people are about toys like this .
 Robot chicken episode convinced me to buy this . . Came quick and we have had lots of fun with it . . Great convo piece if nothing else
 This toy is a lot of fun and my son -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- loves it . We enjoy playing it together but even for me as an adult , it 's a bit of a challenge to land the flies into the frog 's mouth . For him it 's next to impossible . Maybe the toy is good for developing hand/eye coordination , but for a little one it 's a bit frustrating to never get a fly in . He likes it anyway , so I 'm giving it 4 stars .
 This is a fun toy . It was purchased as a Christmas present and my 5 year old and 2 year old have fun with it . It teaches timing and enhances fine and gross motor skills . My 2 year old flicks the flies in the mouth while it is n't moving . It is played with everyday .
 I ca n't beleive they took this great game off the shelves . I had the one we played as kids and my neice loved it we used it till it finally died I ca n't beleive I found it I bought 2 of them . Lots of fun and laughs .
 Could just be because I 'm a child of the era , but I find this version a little bit too un-challenging for my tastes . Still fun though .
 Ok , It is TRIVIAL PURSUIT , but , how about more out-of-States questions ? And In the sports category , how about something else than NFL , Baseball and hockey ? How about Track and Field , soccer , other sports in general ? It is a great game , but after many trials it becomes boring ... The creators of TP should add questions more often . .
 Trivial Pursuit has always been one of my favorites . It 's a great , fun and interesting way to learn .
 Like the Jeopardy of the past few years , this edition is dumbed down , but it 's still challenging every once in a while . I applaud the decision to try to update the questions to be more relevant and contemporary , but the flavor of the first three Genuses is somewhat lost . Yet , it 's still worth buying for a college student , party game , or lazy Sundays .
 I enjoy the trivial pursuit format a great deal , and almost anything put out in the series will get an at least somewhat good review from me . This particular edition , however , seems to continue the trend of making the questions easier . I would prefer to see more of a challenge . It should be noted that although the game is rated for ages 9 + , some of the questions do cover the makeup of alcoholic beverages , etc. .
 I first played this version of the game on a ski trip with a group of friends . We had a blast , and some of us continue to play whenever we get together . My husband and I will often play at home as well . The categories are fun , and the questions span a good range of difficulty . As stated on the box , the content covers `` General Knowledge Questions '' , so there are a wide variety of topics for everyone . No matter what you specialize in , you 're sure to find something that stumps you , as well as some easy ones to boost your ego , and your score !
 To those of you who have lost your minds . Trivial Pursuit Genus IV was my first TP game . I found it very challenging -- this coming from a 3.9 GPA KU graduate . After reading several reviews about the older versions being `` harder '' , I decided to go to the local antique shop and buy me Genus II . Needless to say , I was mislead . The questions presented hold the same degree of difficulty . The only difference between IV and the older versions is that the questions are more current . Of course they would be easier -- it is ten times easier to answer questions about Bill Clinton than Richard Nixon , but Bill Clinton is CURRENT and Genus IV is CURRENT . If you want these `` harder '' -LRB- or should I say `` older '' -RRB- questions , GO TO AN ANTIQUE SHOP . For those of you who considering this game , I highly recommend it . The questions are fun and they are challenging . For those of you `` dumbing down '' people who say that they want the `` Adult Targeted '' games back , think about this
 A regular Genus IV player , I highly reccommend it as a way to liven up small gatherings , particularly if you pit women against men ! Compared with the original , the questions seem easier and less meaty . Additionally , the Sports and Leisure category seems to be more leisure and less sports . In general , I think that fans of the first edition will find the update enjoyable but far from challenging .
 I admit , I have always been a big fan of trivial pursuit , and this is a fantastic update , with new , intruiging questions .
 I purchased this older version after doing a lot of research where I found that the newer versions of Trivial Pursuit were not nearly as good . This looked like the newest version of higher rated TPs I could find . It 's a great game and much better than my extremely outdated 1st Edition , with which I 'm far too young to get any of the questions right , but the material is slightly outdated . As a scientist , I found a couple of the questions to be wrong based on newer evidence . But still a fun game to play for a large range of ages .
 This update to the Trivial Pursuit line attempts to modernize the questions -- and switches some of the traditional categories around in an effort to appeal to a broader audience . The `` Arts and Literature '' category is now gone , for example , swallowed up by a huge Entertainment section that skews heavily towards more `` pop '' references . Almost all the history questions are targeted at the latter half of this century -- making questions on things like American politics ludicrously easy for people who 've been paying attention for the last two decades -- and `` Science '' is now less concerned with rare conditions and more interested in recent breakthroughs.In other words , compared to the previous editions , this one will seem noticeably easier -- and much narrower in focus -- to real trivia hounds , but much more accessible to wider audiences . Given that this was a stated goal of the revision , however , it 's no so much a problem as a `` feature ; '' younger people used to feeling adrift in a sea of Baby Boomer references -LRB- like I was as a child -RRB- will probably appreciate many of the changes .
 I have been playing on my parents old Genus 1 forever ... some of the answers are just flat out wrong ... at last , something my 19 year old brain can handle ... truth ...
 I remember being a child , and being so frustrated that I did n't know any answers on my parents Baby Boomer edition . About a month ago , my friends and I got together and played this edition of Trivial Pursuit , and it was so much fun . While many of the questions in entertainment are n't quite current , they are all topics that anyone over the age of 12 will have a chance of knowing . Even though they have taken out some questions , such as literature , it has simply made the game even more accessible to the whole family . This game is a blast , and it lets everyone put all their useless knowledge to work .
 Trivial Pursuit has been our holiday family tradition since the first Genus . What is great about this newest edition is that there are more contemporary questions . Our teenagers like to play because they can get these types of questions right . There are still some thought-provoking questions , so the challenge is n't all lost . I strongly suggest playing in teams of mixed ages , as this will help spread out the knowledge base required to get all the answers correct .
 This is a very fun game . It can be played by many people and is a lot of fun . Still , it dose have a few problems . The questions are not as eductional as they use to be . They took out Liturature , and put in many more entertanment questions . Another problem is that you will need to update you set , because some of the questions are time based ; such as
 This game is fun , I love playing it , but it is definitely different from the other versions . It puts me , a 14 year old , at about the same level as my parents due to the amount of entertainment and easy questions that you can guess on . We had been playing with one of the older Genuses , and it was always very difficult for me ; I was asked two questions instead of one . For that it was intellect , but for this one it is truly `` dumbed down . '' My parents are advocates of the old version , and I am torn . I like the fact that I am now competitive but I also do n't think that it is fair . The questions are worded differently and just are basically different .
 After reading some of the other reviews of Trivial Pursuit Genus IV , I have come to the following conclusion
 In terms of the level of questions and the enjoyability of the gaming experience this is the best edition I have played since the first one . However there are still some of those really corny clues that give away the answer due to the awful puns that are made within the question . However there is at least one notable improvement in terms of the game pieces , the pieces of pie now have little lips on them that prevent them from sliding into the pie holders the wrong way , I remember how frustrating it was trying to get those out as a kid , so I am glad that they did this . Overall I still love this game more than any of the other trivia games out there . As a 23 year old it 's hard to find games that me and my friends enjoy but we keep coming back to this one .
 Remember back about the early 80 's ? Trivial Pursuit was THE game to have , it seemed every party you went to included some game of Trivial Pursuit that usually kept you at that persons house till the early hours of the morning , you knew you should have been home hours ago , but you just had to get that stupid wedge and win before that guy!A lot of that still holds true for today . This Edition , quite justifialy , is a modern Trivial Pursuit . A lot of the stigma felt amongst younger players -LRB- and many , many adults -RRB- was that Trivial Pursuit was simply too difficult unless you had an Honors degree at Harvard or Oxford . I read reviews saying that it has been dumbed down , Parker have simply removed a lot of the older relating questions which simply hold no reference to todays below thirty generation . It became pretty obvious that they were cutting off half their target audience with entertainment questions solely concerned with Abbott and Costello and I Love Lucy etc. . Also , a lot more Modern History questions appear , not just ancient British Royalty and Spanish invasions , Nelson Mandella and Tiger Woods now turn up . Some people 's distent is clearly due to their rememberence of Trivial Pursuit as a game that was relevant to them in their youth , and now they have grown , Trivial Pursuit has grown on to another generation , with questions which may no longer be relevant to them . Whatever happens , you ca n't stop evolution.Still the greatest party game around , and no Moops in sight .
 I 'm not really a toy enthusiast , but I do like Trivial Persuit . This is basically an updated version of the Trivial Persuit Genious 3 edition . Most of the questions seem to be from the past couple years , so you younger players will benefit from this version rather than the Genious 3 edition , which is extremely tough if you ca n't remember TV shows from the 1950s . The board has also been updated with pictures of more recent people . Overall it 's the same old game that has spawned battles amongst teenagers and adults for years . Younger geniouses should buy this version , however you older players might benefit from the genious 3 edition .
 We picked up SPELL TIME at a yardsale and it quickly became my kids favorite toy ... The one thing they constantly asked for ! I was more than excited when I found out there was a number version as well and they absolutely love it . My kids are 2 and 3 years old and really enjoy both of these games !
 Spell Time is a fun way for children to practice using the letter sounds to spell words . The self-correcting feature gives them instant feedback . The success they have with Spell Time helps to improve both their reading and writing skills . The instructional assistant who helps in my kindergarten classroom uses it with my struggling students and we 've seen great progress .
 I like this product . its a fun game . yea i know its also a collectors item but i decided to play it anyway . it was fun . not too fast not too long term of play . i dont like games that end quickly or last too long . this was a nice happy meduim .
 This was a gift for my grandson who had recently watched the movie , Jumanji . He loved the game and has a great time with it . Thank you for taking care of it . It arrived in very good condition . All the parts were there .
 The ame was bought for a Xmas present for my bf . it 's a vintage game so must be handled with car however it looks amazing - ca n't wait to play .
 The game is great , and our son was so excited and he is having a great time playing . Although I so feel it was a bit overpriced I am happy with the purchase .
 This piece of crap toy did n't work . I never saw a single pack of mischievous monkeys ; no crazy hunter ; no angry rhinoceros . That said , however , a old 'n' hairy comedian emerged within the first 10 minutes of playing . He was cool , I guess , but he would n't stop playing with my electric toothbrush .
 ... and it was semi-fun for the short time I played it . - Only problem , I expected to see the pieces move on their own , tons of bats fly from nowhere , a lion appear , and for one of the players to grow a monkey tail . None of this happened , and I 'm pretty sure he cheated .
 the game arrived in fair used condition which was expected . unfortunately the U.S.Postal service put a huge hole through the entire package !! a whole over 4 inches wide now resides in the bottom of the game.would reccomend better shipping packaging next time -LRB- bubble wrap ?? -RRB- or use a different carrier !!
 This toy made my life worth living ! I never had a toy before this one because my dog told me toys were made by satin but he was so wrong ! this toy was actually made by Mattel ! what a relief . WEll this toy is so cool like it can actually move if you push it . I think that is amazing . another reason why this toy is great is if you put it in the microwave for exactly 3 minutes and 17 seconds it will start to look like Steve from blues clues . It is n't very durable though because after i melted it to look like steve i flushed it down the toilet and it never came back . pity ... . but now it is on sale and i 'm buying 2 ! one for me and one for my dog .
 this product is a tool in the practice of manipulation . Ball manipulation is one of the hardest and most fulfilling tests in the art of magic . 85 % of everyone that orders this product will probably quit and not have the patience to devote years of there lives practicing . but a few will relax and discover the incredible potential for a ball routine in there act .
 This is a great toy for a girl or boy . I bought this for my 10 month old Nephew but my 18 month old daughter loved playing with it before we gave it to him . It has a lot of different features , everything on the toy moves or makes some kind of noise . The noise could possibly get annoying .
 Would very much like to buy this for my husband , a great Morse fan.Anyone who wants to sell one , for NOT a fortune , let me know.Thanks.vnp111590@aol.com
 I think this is a cool toy for any one who collects Harry Potter figure . I 'm just starting my collection and it 's a good thing Amazon sells them , because if you go to a -LSB- local store -RSB- and their out you can order them by Amazon . He comes with his broom , bludger , club and ring so you can ride him and not hold him by his broom . Bottom line he 's a cool toy .
 This is a really cool action figure . It comes with finger hoop so George can fly around . You can use the club and hit the ball.Its fun with some of the other quidditch action figures too .
 well this Harry Potter figure is ok but i have seen better . The only good thing is if you are looking for a Quidditch Fred you can just pose him like fred and say that he is . Thats what I did . The bad thing is he doesnt match with seeker harry . overall i would buy this anytime !
 Right now you can get do n't break the ice , cootie , ants in the pants , and do n't spill the beans at Walmart for $ 5 each . Great games ! Better price elsewhere .
 This is a game I played as a kid and really enjoyed it , so I 've passed it on . It 's a bit of a mess at first and cleanup can be tricky but overall it 's a great game for kids .
 This is one of my son 's favorites - going on a year now . He plays it a few times per week . Not only is it fun , I find it a bit educational . We count the squares as we 're setting up the rows , and there is strategy involved . I knocked a star off because of the noise factor - perhaps the hammers could have a little padding to make them less noisy ?
 I had this game as a kid and it was a blast . . and it still is!My daughter and I have been playing this since she was 2 -LRB- she 's 4 now and loves it more than ever -RRB- . It has tought her how to take turns and the laws of physics , on some level -LRB- I can see the wheels turning in her head as she figures out what blocks she can hit without knocking out the whole row -RRB- . She is even quite patient as we put the ice cubes in the tray.It 's kind of annoying that it takes 25 seconds to knock out the cubes and 3 minutes to put them back.The hammers are a little flimsy -LRB- one of ours is a little bent -RRB- . It really is fun though.Who does n't like beatin ' the heck out of something with a hammer ?
 When I learned that `` Do n't Break the Ice '' is still available , I thought that my four year old grandaughter would be the right age for it about now . Our grown children , including her mother , used to enjoy this game when they were small . I ordered it through Amazon to avoid running from store-to-store to find it before Christmas . The four year old immediately LOVED the game , as did her two year old sister who cheered when the man fell off the ice . The now-grown aunts and uncles still enjoy the game , as do the mom and grandparents . The old strategies all came back the moment the game was unwrapped . The pieces do fit a bit tightly into the frame as it is still new , and the little man is more difficult to sit onto the ice than before . Also , the set-up game ca n't be put away in the box as with the older version . There is an extra piece included in case one is lost . This game is still well worth the price for hours of entertainment .
 This is a great game for any age . It is simple enough for young children to play , and yet still holds the attention of older children . The only drawback is that play time is very short and therefore you spend most of the time putting the ice back in the tray . But still an inexpensive , yet fun game for all ages .
 I remembering playing with this toy when I was a little girl . It was so easy to set up and so much fun to play . It held up for a long time so it was very durable . This toy is a lot of fun and kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- will appreciate the anticipation of someone `` breaking the ice '' .
 This is easy enough to put back together , a consideration since the intent of the game is to break it apart . We have played it probably 50 times , each time building to the &#34; thrill &#34; of someone breaking the ice . Good for 3 year old with adults to put back together .
 This is an `` Oldie But Goodie '' ... I had to buy this again for my kids and their younger cousins . They have a blast playing this !!
 Thanks to some clumsy pre-teen footing I once fell through the ice . Not metaphorically , either . Literally . If it was n't for the quick thinking of my pal cousinpaco , chatchi would still be at the bottom of the frozen creek and I would n't be around today to share his story.The years following my mishap were plagued by nightmares of falling through the ice - over and over and over again . But in my dreams cousinpaco was n't there to save me.I enrolled in some deep-hypnotic therapy , then medically-induced comas , hoping to rid my life of these horrible memories . When that did n't work my therapist recommended I deal with my fears head-on ... By purchasing the popular Hasbro game , Do n't Break the Ice.I questioned his rationale at first , but after only a few games it was clear why he recommended it . The ice-skating polar bear symbolized me - warm , dry and carefree on the surface of the ice . The two light-weight green mallets symbolized life 's adversities , slowly but surely chipping away at the ice around me.The purpose of Do n't Break the Ice is to use the mallets to knock away the `` ice '' cubes without jeopardizing the life of the polar bear , who would much rather ice skate than fall through the ice to the frigid water below.The tapping sound the mallet makes as it strikes the ice often reminds me of the cracking ice I heard that fateful day , but thanks to the replay-ability of Do n't Break the Ice , I eventually got over my fear of frozen water -LRB- and the tapping noise -RRB- . I 'd recommend this game to anyone with similar life-changing experiences such as mine , and I 'll certainly recommend it to my children should they ever fall through the ice . Metaphorically AND literally.Don ' t Break the Ice is meant for two or more players , but it only takes one person to fall through the ice . Two people if you want someone to save you after you fall through the ice .
 If you had this game as a kid , Im sure you remember the excitement and anticipation in waiting for your turn to tap the `` ice '' . This game was -LRB- and still is -RRB- amazingly fun and exciting . I played recently with my nieces and it was funny to see the same excitement that Im sure I had at their age . This game is a crowd pleaser . Dont miss it !
 fast shipping ~ ~ good ! My son really have enjoyed this game!I storongly recommand this item for 3-4 years boy . it 's so simple to play and fun
 My kids played this as children and still find it fun now as a trip down memory lane ... Very Happy I bought this again made my grown up kids smile !
 T0P 0F THE LiNE !!! i actually have the keychain version -LRB- along with the original -RRB- and it is just precious . . Cute Polar Bear . . He 's just Red & all . . Easy game to play , costs less than all the others . . Definitely Worth The Purchase !
 BUT MY SOON TO BE 3 YR . OLD PLAYS WITH IT AT HIS AUNT 'S HOUSE , SO I BOUGHT IT FOR HIM TODAY FOR A B-DAY PRESENT - SINCE IT 'S GETTING GOOD REVIEWS , I THOUGHT Y' ALL MIGHT LIKE TO KNOW I GOT IT AT `` W.M. '' -LRB- IN PERSON , NOT ONLINE -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Games for small children are notoriously hard to come by . `` Do n't Break the Ice '' is one of the few available and a classic in its own right.My young son loves this game and we play all sorts of variations including moving the main ice piece that holds the bear to different places so we can experiment with the `` physics '' of the game . -LRB- So there is a true educational element . -RRB- We also try to put the ice pieces back in the frame using different patterns of insertion . This helps kill the time factor in getting the game pieces ready to play.With its minimum of rules anyone can pick this game up in a minute . It 's fun and can be played by `` kids '' of all ages . Given its low price , it 's a no miss . Even if little children get more fun out of making the bear fall than not , so what ? Think of it as a more versatile `` hammer & peg bench '' toy.There are some durability issues . If one of the tabs that hold the ice breaks , you are out of luck . The frame consists of two pieces that slide together and the connection is prone to breakage . Still , at this price point it 's a lot easier to replace than many of the fragile toys that cost far more . In fact you could buy every toy in the Milton Bradley `` Cootie '' line and still be under the cost of just one other plastic toy.A good bet for a good price .
 I loved this game as a child . We still have the one I played with 16 years ago.Break the Ice is a simple game anybody can play . There is a man sitting on a big piece of ice . You want to knock out the pieces around him , but not knock out piece that will send him falling . It 's simple enough but it does take some stratedgy.We have a lot of kids that come through my house for different reasons , and I 've never met one that did n't get a kick out of this game . It 's a fun family game and a must for a small child .
 A wonderful classic toy ! Buy it and keep it for life ! I would only like to see this toy produced as it was originally . The frame , blocks and hammers are not as heavy duty as they used to be and it was the first thing I noticed ... to the maker ... they kids will play with it but the parents are buying it and classic toys that are n't as we remember them are dissapointing . We await an `` Original '' version and we will keep it for life !
 Although my daughter loves this game , I would advise others not to purchase it . The blue frame -LRB- which holds the ice blocks in place -RRB- is very flimsy . We 've played the game probably 20 times , and I 've super-glued the small pieces that allow the frame to slide together five times . Today , it broke again and now , it can not be repaired again . I 'd much rather pay a few dollars more for this game and have it last !!
 I bought this toy for my son and niece . They love it . They can put it together themselves and when the polar bear falls watch out because everyone laughs , even the one who made the polar bear fall . It teaches children how to take turns and to accept a loss if they actually do knock the polar bear down . I even play to get in on the fun .
 I played with this game over 25 years ago and I remember how much fun it was to play . My friends and I would play Do n't Break the Ice for hours trying new ways to keep the little man -LRB- now it 's a polar bear -RRB- on top of the ice with as many blocks of ice chipped out . It is a great strategy-learning game . I ca n't wait until my daughter is old enough to play this game as well .
 Do n't break the ice is a favorite classic , and quite addicting even in this time period . You begin by turning what looks like a mini-table over and inserting what looks remakably like ice-cubes into it.Out of all the mini icecubes , there 's one that is equivelent to four normal icecubes . This is where a person rests.The object of this game is to take a mini tap-hammer -LRB- made of plastic , so do n't worry ;-RRB- -RRB- and you lightly -LRB- or roughly -RRB- tap out a piece of ice . This ice might just fall , or it could make some other small icecubes fall . Or , if you really mess up , then it will send the person on the large ice cube crashing down!Setup only takes a few minutes , and this is a fairly quick game , and that 's all a part of it 's charm.Overall , this is an awsome classic !
 As I have no children of my own -LRB- and , given my vocational choice , not likely to , either -RRB- , I miss the experience of having so many of the wonderful -LRB- and much of the not-so-wonderful -RRB- children 's toys and gadgetry around my house . Thus , each year for holidays and birthdays , I must teach myself anew all of the various ins and outs of the toy industry . Inevitably , I find myself defaulting back to those items that were popular during my childhood , and , more particularly , things that I enjoyed.Thus it was when I was looking for a gift for my three-year-old niece , that I was looking for a gift that fit my sister 's strict parameters for appropriateness : ` Please , nothing that makes noise , especially an agonisingly repetitious noise . '' Nothing that can stain walls , carpets , floors , or ceilings . ' -LRB- which made me wonder , just what is it that kids do with their paints and crayons that they can reach the ceiling ? -RRB- ` Nothing that takes batteries . '' Nothing with choking bits or fragile things that break easily . '' No more dolls . '' No more stuffed animals -- she gets buried in the ones you 've given her already . ' -LRB- oops , I guess that was a plea for originality ! -RRB- So , these guidelines -LRB- commandments , actually -RRB- in mind , I ventured into the world of children 's toys , and was bewildered with the array of inappropriate gifts . Floor to ceiling in some shops -- who purchased these things ? Was my sister being overly harsh in her strictures ? Was the rest of the buying public that foolish ? -LRB- on second thought - do n't answer that ! -RRB- So it was that I came upon a few things that qualified , and high among them was the game Do n't Break the Ice ! I remembered this game fondly from my childhood . Putting the ` ice cakes ' together in the frame , tapping on them roughly then gently to get the most cakes before the figurine fell through to an icy fate ; then putting everything back together again to start the process over.This made me think that the game is in fact an excellent preparation for the average working day -- putting together projects that are destined to fall apart ; some will come and tap gently , others roughly ; sometimes you 'll be the one who falls through , sometimes others will ; and , the whole thing starts over again -- and through it all , the thing to remember is , the point is to have fun . One does n't have to win each game , each day , but it is in the playing that one succeeds and learns.Needless to say , after having such an epiphany among the toys , I could hardly not purchase this item . I took it home , delivered it during the holidays , and it was appropriately well received . Despite having nothing that lights up , nothing that makes noise -LRB- beyond the rapping of the blocks -RRB- , nothing that moves and nothing that marks , my niece played enraptured by the game . ` Again ! ' she would exclaim , mallet in hand ready to rap anyone who dared defy her.She laughed gleefully as the blocks fell through , and even more when the whole edifice came crashing down . ` Again ! ' I am sure she will be a future trader , and hostile takeovers and corporate break-ups will be her strong suit.Can a toy manufacturer be sued for implanting such desires ? Never mind , she 'll buy them and break them up , too .
 I give this to my 7 years old and he plays every single day , he loves it and me too
 My nephew and I enjoyed this game . Just like back in the day when my family played it . In perfect condition .
 We received this game 2 years ago . My daughter , at the time was 3 , loved just banging away at the cubes but after a few times , she began to understand the game . We played it religiously for a year , and then more sporadic ... but she always enjoyed it . Now my son , 2.5 has discovered it , and he LOVES it so we are back to playing it more religiously.For my now 5 year old daughter , it is teaching her more about strategy and how the pieces all fit together . My son is learning about taking turns , sharing , and of course loves banging away at them towards the end of the round.Great game ... lasting fun , easy to explain , teaches many different lessons !
 I bought this for my 6 yr old and she loves it . I had this as a child and I loved it back then !!!
 Do the games last all of five minutes ? Yes . Is this game a pain to set up ? Yes . Did my three year old understand that the goal is NOT to make the man fall ? No . Do we all laugh and tell her she wins when she makes the man fall ? Yes ! This game is definitely not a set it and forget it game , parents have to at least be around to set it back up . But it 's simple and the kids love it . These classics go for next to nothing around the holidays , so stock up then !
 My grandsons loved this game as it is fun and challenging to play . They thought it was funny to set up the game to make someone else lose , meaning me . The only problem with the game is that it does n't last long and then you have to reassemble the pieces of the game again.The objective is to tap out a piece of ice and make sure that the whole sheet of ice does n't collapse and make the skater fall . It is a very cute action game that involves skill , strategy and luck . One of my grandsons used to cheat by tapping down two or three pieces of ice and then removing a different one altogether . His goal was to set you up to fail.We have had our game for about 14 years and it still looks like new . We have had a lot of fun with it and it is always worth a few laughs .
 I use this game as a reinforcer during group speech therapy . It takes a little bit of time to set up but is fun and the kids can take turns popping out cubes of ice . Not my favorite game but the kids like it enough .
 My daughter loves to play this game . She loves helping me put the pieces together to make the ice . I find it 's a great game to play with 3-year-olds .
 If you do n't know the game , the idea is that 33 `` cubes of ice '' -LRB- white plastic squares -RRB- are pressed together into a platform . Two players take turns knocking one block out each time but try to avoid making the big block with the red guy on it fall . Really simple to learn and play , although setup takes some getting used to because you have to really squeeze the blocks together to get them to fit into the platform . An adult or older child will have to do the setup , at least at the beginning . Games are very short , taking maybe 2 minutes to setup and 2 or 3 minutes to play .
 The is a classic game , whose appeal has not been lost . NO batteries or flashing lights etc. . . My little girl at 3 loved this game . It was one of the first games she could play , that the adults -LRB- aunts , uncles etc -RRB- and older kids -LRB- 8 & 9 yr old neighbors , cousins -RRB- were willing to play with her and not be bored themselves . So consequently she got to play again and again . The downfall is it does take an older child or adult for setup . So if you need a game to draw your toddler into the mix at family get togethers , this is it . We have not had problems with durability like the other reviewers .
 I am delighted to finally find a game that all of my 3 children can enjoy . My kids are 5 , 21/2 , and 14 months . I have had so much trouble finding games that do n't include small objects the baby can choke on . My 5 year old is bored of card games at this point ! Interestingly , I saw the choking hazard warning on this game , but I do n't see where the danger would be . The smallest objects in the box are the cubes , and there is no way any of the ice cubes can fit into a baby 's mouth.Anyway , the game is lots of fun even for me , and I gave it 4 stars for educational value , as even the younger children are learning about taking turns and good sportsmanship . Plus , if you lose some ice cubes , it does n't affect the game at all -- you just set up with that much less ice . -LRB- We had not owned the game 24 hours and we had already lost an ice cube , so I consider this point highly pertinent ! -RRB- The plastic does n't seem durable at all , but most games these days have the same problem . As someone posted above , the game is cheap enough that you can simply go out and buy yourself another if it breaks , with absolutely no bitterness.The only con is that this is not really a game your preschoolers can play independently -- you will likely have to help little ones fit the ice cubes into the tray , as it is a rather tight fit . And since the polar bear will fall down with great frequency , you may as well just stay there and play with them . So I guess that 's actually a pro ? : -RRB- P.S. Found mine for five bucks at my local grocery store .
 I was always more of an Ants in the Pants fan myself but I recently played this with my young nephew and he loved it ! It requires less coordination than Ants in the Pants so he enjoyed it more . For very young children it is a game that they need an adult for since they often do n't have the patience or coordination to put the ice back in . That just means that it 's a good game for when playtime is also parent-child bonding time .
 Purchased for my two daughters to play , 8 and 4 . The 4 year old ca n't put the ice together , but both kids enjoy playing the game !
 Kids like the game , altho it 's difficult for the 5-year old to set it up for the next round of the game ...
 A cute , simple preschool toy that I like because I can play with my child or she can play with it alone . It can be challenging for the littler ones to learn how to set it up at first , but it 'll come with practice . A nice , safe way to bang away .
 hard for young kids to get the `` ice '' in . hammers flimsy , but then again no one gets beat up by them . Frame 2 parts , fairly flimsy . Fun for 16 mo old to 40 + .
 This is a very exciting game . My kids discovered this game in their Sunday school church . They have been playing with it every week and it is a lot of fun . I can compare the excitement you get when playing Jenga when it is about to fall , you know it is coming except you do n't know if it is gon na happen on your turn . This is a classic toy/game , it has been around for many years and it does n't get old.The game is set up with blocks of ice in a square frame . You place an ice skater on top of one of the blocks and the players start hammering down one block at a time . The object of the game is not be the player who hammers the last block that will make the ice skater fall down . It is a very simple to set up and likewise very simple game to understand that even a pre-schooler can start playing in no time.The game is made by Milton Bradley . It is rated for 3 years old and up . It can be rated as 3 year old to 100 because there is really no limit in age to enjoy this toy . Another plus is that this is not a very expensive game .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- thinks this game is great . I recommend you shop around and buy this for six dollars instead paying a higher price and `` free '' shipping .
 We bought this game as a present for our 5 year old niece and she wanted to play it all afternoon . After a little explanation on how to easiest put the `` ice '' into the frame she was setting it up in no time and starting to understand the concept of strategically hitting them out in the best way . She 's continued to ask to play with it when we visit too : -RRB-
 Kids love it ... I love it too , this game has been around for a long time and continues to please the children
 My son , now 40 , who played this game as a child , searched for the game for his children , ages 6 and 21/2 . Fortunately , I found it on Amazon , and had it shipped directly to their home . They are enjoying it as much as their dad . We all highly recommend this game .
 These classic toys are great and wonderful for fine motor development and problem solving . My kids -LRB- 4 y.o. -RRB- love them . My kids do n't have game boys or watch tv , though . I think the reason they seemed less `` boring '' 30 years ago was because parents played WITH their kids and there were more games that involved interaction with PEOPLE and less electronic distractions .
 This toy is great fun to play , though a bit annoying to reset . Smaller children may need help in setting it up . My first grader can do it but it took her a few times to get how to pull the pieces and make them fit . We all enjoy the game .
 This is a wonderful way to let my grandchildren enjoy the simple pleasures of childhood . We can now enjoy all four games and my grandchildren , ages 4 and 7 , ca n't wait to play them when they stay at Gammie 's house .
 Awesome game to play in small or large groups . Easy set up and take down . Love this game !
 So simple yet all three of my children have really enjoyed this . My only complaint is the reset time just to have it blasted to bits in a single hammer blow . But then again that is half to fun .
 My kids 4 & 6 got this for Christmas and they both love it , though my 4 yr old loves it more . This is a game that is short enough that they can play it together over and over again and it keeps their attention . It takes my 6 yr old to `` build '' the ice into the tray though . The box that this comes in is very cheap -LRB- like most of them nowdays -RRB- , you may want to get a plastic bin with lid to keep the pieces in . Also , nearly impossible to fit everything back into the original box -LRB- especially for little kids -RRB- . I was surprised at first how much they played it over and over again , but then remembered how much my sister and I loved to play it when we were kids :-RRB- .
 I remember having this toy when I was little , and I loved it ! Now I bought it for the kids I babysit , and I 'm sure they will love it too .
 This version is just like the one I had when I was a kid . My 5-year-old and I have a great time playing it . It was difficult for her to put the ice in -- at first . But , now she has the hang of it and does it all by herself . She still needs help inserting the skater . Good game for rainy day fun .
 Do n't Break the Ice is a classic game that has easily withstood the test of time . When I was a kid , I remember my game had a more basic frame with detachable legs . This newer model has a much more sturdy base with built-in legs . It is a little difficult to snap the plastic ice blocks into place , so small kids may need adult help setting up the game . Once the blocks are in place , the game goes quickly , but kids will often want to play multiple games.The game is designed to have the bear 's block in the center of the board . You can also set it up with the bear in different areas to see how that changes the strategy . Knocking pieces out one by one lets kids experiment to see which blocks are actually needed to hold the bear in place the longest . And there 's something that is simply fun about tapping the pieces out and waiting for the whole set-up to collapse .
 Do n't Break the Ice was one of the few board game-type games I had when I was younger , and I always had fun playing it . My daughter was interested in the game when I showed her the box , thinking it was funny how you lose if the bear crashes through the ice on your turn . I ordered the game and once it got here , she could n't wait to play it . We ended up playing 5 rounds in less than 15 minutes - she could n't wait to play again ! I was having fun too , and it 's crazy how the little bear manages to stay standing when you smash away the majority of the ice.If you have n't played the game , it 's really simple -LRB- you can completely ignore the instructions , trust me -RRB- . You snap the two blue tray halves together , then squeeze all the blocks of ice in it . There are a bunch of small blocks of ice , and one big 4x4 block , which is used to hold the little red bear figure . Typically , this big piece goes in the middle of the tray , but you can put it wherever you want . Once everything 's in , flip the tray up and you and another player take turns smashing blocks of ice out with the little hammers until the bear falls . Whoever makes him fall loses.As I mentioned , there are many times when I was about to go `` ooh , I win ! '' when playing because it looked like the bear had no chance of standing up when a certain block would be knocked out , only to see him hold his ground . The ice blocks are held in very tightly when you get them all in , so there 's nearly no chance of him falling by accident or the big square falling out . I have to warn potential buyers that this game is a bit flimsy - the tray could easily snap if you apply too much pressure when putting it together , so do n't rush anything and you 'll be fine . I also give the game 4 stars for educational value because it can teach your kids tactics and seeing that if you knock x block out , x blocks will go down with it because nothing will hold them in place any more.Don ' t Break the Ice is a great game for a very fair price . It 's good to see that a classic from my childhood is still fun to play over 20 years later .
 My toddler loves this game . It taught him the concept of `` taking turns '' . He was able to understand the dynamics of the game with ease . The only thing is that it takes awhile to set up the game
 I grew uo with this game and I had to get it for my six year old godson . we have had so much fun and it brought back memories .
 I bought this game for Christmas for our 2 yr old and 4 yr old . My husband and I grew up playing this and it was too much fun not to buy for our kids . The best part is both of our kids can play as it is easy for even for our youngest . I 'm glad they still make a great toy that is n't battery operated .
 If an older child or adult is around to setup the game it is a great game . Takes about 2 minutes to set up.ProsSimple game concept , try to knock out an ice block without making the red bear fall.Kids like making the bear fall , so games last a few seconds.Hammers are fun to knock the ice cubes out with.Spare ice cubes in case you lose a couple.Cons -LRB- still a great buy -RRB- Setup Blue plastic frame is 2 pieces and requires assembly . Ice cude installation 32 single cubes surround a 4 cube square holding the bear ... Which requires help . They fit very tight so the last cube is difficult for children.Placing the bear on top of the 4 cube can be difficult , our bear tips over sometimes.When dismantled requires thought to fit it back in the box ... Put blue frame in first , then hammers , then ice cubes .
 This game brings me back to when I was a little chap ! It is perfect in every way and my kids love to play with it just like I did when I was their age .
 Great game as far as an educational standpoint goes . Kids learn to take turns and they learn how to think strategically . I enjoy using this toy in my field with kids with Autism , it 's a simple game most of them can play with a and forces sharing , turn taking , sustained attention , and how to play fair . On the downside it is cheaply made and breaks a lot . Also it takes about 3-5 minutes for an adult to assemble and about 10-15 seconds for the kids to knock all the ice out . If you do n't mind buying a few boxes of these for when they break and spending more time putting it together than actually playing then it 's a great game with great educational value . You can do almost anything with this game , including teaching math and story telling if you 're creative .
 I bought this toy at a yard sale when my oldest son was 3 . It was a huge hit at our house , and have since purchased several as gifts . It is a little noisy , but every kid I know LOVES this game . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!
 Kid had this at kindergarten afterschool but there was always so many playing w / it.So bought one for home use.Enjoyable fun and quality is good .
 This is one of the time tested toys that I use as a play therapist in my work with children . I 've had more children have more plain ole ' fun that perhaps the more sophisticated ones . this one is the best !! and ... inexpensive !
 Got here very fast . Game in good condition . It 's a blast to play with the family ... plus my wife and I turned it into a drinking game . : -RRB-
 I rated this game for my 4.5 years old . He loves this game , he thinks hammering down the ice cube is fun . Unfortunately , the mallet is a flimsy cheap plastic rod , it was easily bend and almost broken to two pieces . My son does n't care , he said he still have one mallet and can share that with us when we play the game . But if that one is broken , too , then we need to find a substitute .
 I used to play this game when I was a kid and now we 're buying it for our kid . * dink , dink , dink *
 I work with kids . Kids love this game . I personally , do not love it since I play it all the time and after playing about 10 games in a row , I get tired of it . However , for kids , it is great . It teaches turn taking . They love when the bear falls through . It is a bit hard to set up-squeezing in the blocks takes time .
 Thank you Education Station for providing these Jingo games . They are a fun way to teach language to my students with disabilities !
 My 3 year old son has both the T-Rex and Pteranodon , but for some reason he likes this one more . Although the T-Rex roars and moves , he is fascinated by the mechanical flapping wings on the Pteranodon . He makes it `` fly '' all over . I have to say , all the Imaginext dinosaurs are cool , and we are using them as potty motivation . I love the price range of Imaginext too - there 's one for every budget . He 'll have the whole set soon .
 This is the cutest doll , great price and great shipping!She even looks Flirty !
 Better than described !! My granddaughter loves it ! She collects all of the Ty Beanie Boppers !! Great A + + + + + seller . Perfect super-fast delivery !!
 This game is fun and motivates you to study your bible so that you can be competitive.It is a learning experience for both young and old .
 I purchased this for my son , he 's a huge Disney Villain fan . The toy is very durable , he loves carrying her around and having her sleep on his pillow . I think the overall quality is awesome , and she looks like the real deal .
 I purchased this for my brother , who 's a Star Wars fanatic -LRB- naturally -RRB- . He absolutely loves it , raving about details such as the shiny , realistic gloss on the eyes . I think my brother loves the doll more than his wife .
 This is a great game for 5 yr to late seniors . My Dad-in-Law is 98 and plays almost daily , he also lives alone , drives around town and is liable to beat you on any given day . The whole family loves the game and brings us together with something fun to do for all ages .
 We have a lot of fun playing it . It requires mental alertness and close attention to the board and what is going on . If you sleep at the game , forget it . When you are alert , you are rewarded . Of course , there is always a portion of luck involved - the draw of the dominoes , the play of the other players , etc. .
 The little mommy family is so cute including these 2 and they are so cute with the hats and bottles the baibies are perfect for a couple and with the bracelets on yours and you baibies hands they will be yours forever !
 I bought the Little Mommy newborn twins for my 2-year-old daughter . I was fortunate to find it as a special purchase set with the stroller , plus a play yard/bassinet , and twin high chair/swing the day after Thanksgiving . While my daughter does n't play much with the swing or the play yard/bassinet -LRB- at least not yet -RRB- , she loves the babies and the stroller . She has a few other babies -LRB- a Cabbage Patch Newborn and a generic baby -RRB- , but she loves and plays with these babies the most.The babies ' faces smell like baby powder , which I love.The only complaint I have is that the babies ' hats come off all the time , and since my daughter ca n't yet fit the hats back on their heads , she gives them to me to put the hats on . And she is adamant about the babies having their hats on , so I 'm putting those hats on a lot . Although that 's annoying , I find it kind of cute too . It 's become a ritual . She says , `` hat , hat . '' I find the hat and put it on a baby . I know someday I 'll look back with fondness at putting those hats on her babies.I 'd recommend these babies for anyone with a toddler girl .
 The dolls do n't do anything , but my daughter loved them just because they were newborns , and she was their mommy . She loved how they included a hospital band for her , so she could match her babies . The babies smell really good , too ; like baby powder .
 Setting up the thing was difficult because of the directions , but when my directions fell in the pool I just winged it , and I got it perfect . Once built my family and I had a ton of fun . Its easy to put it away , and I recommend it to all others .
 This net is great and stays put . We love playing active sports in the pool . Very durable and easy to setup .
 This package deal is good because you save more money than buying them individually . The bells are big and definitely make a loud , clear , jingling sound . I am a music therapist and I use them with people from 3 years of age to adults . The Velcro makes it adjustable so they can fit -LRB- almost -RRB- any size wrist . The only reason why I gave them 4 stars is only because I wish there were more colors than just blue , yellow , purple , and red . Those are nice colors , but they should have other colors , too . Also , the Velcro is pretty strong , so some kids have a hard time pulling them apart .
 I lead an early childhood music and movement course , and the kids love these bells . I have purchased enough that everyone can put on one each arm and leg , if desired , and we move in different ways to make the bells ring . The package is a good value , very colorful and good sounds . The bells are all secured well on the velcro .
 I saw these bells and thought they would be great for my needs in using them wit Special Ed kids . They are sturdy ans nice and loud . The sound is a little more mellow than bells I have gotten from music companies , but they work really well and I am pleased with the quality for the price !
 It met my expectations ! Same size and colors . I wish I could purchase one solid color only I instead of multicolored
 Especially for music-loving toddlers , these wrist bells are a sensory delight
 Lots of fun to have when involving young children . They can all take park in the fun without embarrassment . I love them .
 I love it . It is so interesting.Eventhough the box said that it was Yugi but it 's suppose to be Yami Yugi . I 'm a big fan of Yugioh and I 'm a girl and 12 years old . It 's very important to me . If you 're a big fan of Yugioh you just have to have it .
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE YU-GI-OH ! TOY.IT REALLY LOOKS LIKE YAMI YUGI.WHEN YOU TWIST HIS WAIST , HE DOES A BORING DUEL FEATURE.THE MONSTER GRAB GAME IS FUN.MY BROTHER & I PLAY IT ALL THE TIME.IT 'S LIKE A MEMORY GAME.WE EVEN PLAY GO FISH WITH THEM.I ALSO HAVE THE SUMMUNED SKULL TOY.PEACE OUT !!!
 This is actually Yugi when he 's merged with the spirit of his Millennium Puzzle , and not Yugi by himself ^_~ I do wish I could move his legs so he 'd be more posable , but that 's okay ^ ^ I 'm just way happy that Mattel is releasing all this great Yugioh stuff ! ^ ^ If you 're a Yugioh fan , these way kewl figures are must-haves !!!
 This is exciting.I love playing it.It kinda makes your mood be better if you fell bad .
 I bought these for my son 's space rocket themed bday party for the goodie bags . The kids LOVED them ! They come two blasters and ten rockets per pack , so I opened each pack and split them so that each pack was enough for 2 kids . They can be shot for about 20 feet vertically , which was fortunately , just short of the second story gutters . My guess is that I could have gotten one stuck on the roof if I really squeezed hard , but none of the 5-7 year olds at our party could shoot them that high.Durability was pretty good , as out of the 20 or so rockets that we had to play with that were left overs , only one lost a fin when it was being tugged apart by my son and daughter during an episode of failed sharing .
 I bought this as a stocking stuffer . I was intrigued by the positive reviews , and it was a relief to find a nerf-style dart product that did n't look like a gun . These rockets seem durable , and the simple design means that it can entertain everyone from my 30-something husband to my 2yo daughter !
 These are great fun . No batteries , simple toy . We love them . 3 and 5 year old can use no problem with exciting results .
 The whole family is having fun with these rockets . The toddler is gradually removing the fins , but there are enough of them that we 're still enjoying them .
 I bought this for a white elephant exchange , and it was a big hit ! It was just a group of adults , but you would 've thought we were a bunch of kids . They shoot a pretty good distance too . I would definitely buy a few of these , though , because the darts can get lost very easily !
 Inexpensive but great fun indoors and out . Durable . It 's even fun in the bathtub . Easy for toddlers to manipulate .
 These little doo dads fly a pretty good distance . The fact that they require little effort to use is great . Hours and hours of fun for the kids . For the price you have nothing to lose .
 Bought these for two grandchildren . Out of all of the expensive stuff they got for Christmas this year , this is THE toy they played with first , and most . The least expensive toy , was what they liked the most!The adults all had to try it too ...
 I bought a bunch of these for my 3 year old daughter 's birthday party . The theme was rockets and these were party favors . All the kids loved them , both boys and girls . They are easy to use even for little hands . They do not achieve enough velocity to hurt anyone and yet still will sail a good distance across a room . Probably wo n't do much for older kids but they captivated the 3-4 year old set and I had multiple parents asking me where I got them .
 I used these for my son 's 2nd birthday party favors . The party was a rocket space theme , and these were perfect ! They are pretty small -LRB- smaller than I was expecting -RRB- but they were great as party favors and were a huge hit among the kids and parents ! We had kids ranging from 2-7 in age , and all were having fun with these rockets ! They really do fly pretty far . Definitely recommend to anyone !
 These were actually fun ! For the price they delivered ! My girls -LRB- 4 and 6 -RRB- loved them . They shot really far . They are a `` cheap '' made product , but my kids do n't care about that they are more into quantity then quality . If we did a party would buy more for everyone to shoot them .
 This toy is simple yet lots of fun for kids and adults alike . I bought these for my son 's birthday party and they were a hit . Each package comes with two `` launchers '' and multiple darts . Makes a great indoor or outdoor activity . Even our cat loves them !
 They shoot 10-30 feet depended how well you slam it . Not a bad little toy . Some fins might fall off so beware pet/little kid owners .
 I bought 3 of these , one for my 4 yr old , one for my 8 yr old and another for my friend 's 3 yr old . Every single kid loves it.My two spend hours ` fighting ' , shooting foam rockets at each other from room to room . They are pretty good at cleaning them all up , even though we have found a few under furniture.I would n't call it durable , because foam and light plastic can and will break pretty easily . But thus far , we are doing ok.These are great for birthday party gifts for those that do n't want to spend much money .
 For the price , I do n't think you can have more fun . We have had hours of enjoyment , adults and kids alike having rocket wars !
 Very easy to use and lots of fun for a little while . Definately would make a fun party favor . You can use it indoors without worrying about damaging anything .
 Everyone loves this gift , ages 2 through adult . However , buy two sets , because the rockets fly far and get lost . Also , be sure to keep them out of kids ' mouths , not only for the obvious health reasons , but it distorts the shape of the launchers and the rockets and ruins them .
 Simple , fun , and highly entertaining toy ! Originally bought this for my 41/2 yr old and even my 2 yr old ca n't get enough of it . On a rainy day , this is a neat toy for indoor use . We run around the house , hide behind chairs and use the squeeze rockets to score points ! My 2 yr old is learning how to count backwards with this toy ! 5-4-3-2-1 Blast off ! Highly recommend it and ca n't beat this price !
 I bought this toy for our twin daughters when they were 3 . The phones are adorable and are very durable . The only problem is there is no automatic shut off when the kids forget to turn them off and there is no light or anything else to indicate whether the phones are on or off . So , unfortunately we were replacing batteries on almost a daily basis .
 I think the idea of these phones is great but the reception is n't very good . I do n't know if it is just ours but the fuzz that you hear is kind of annoying and makes for hearing the other person a little hard . I guess you can get fuzz with all walkie talkies . I 'm just glad I got it as part of a buy one get one free promotion-this was my free item so at least I did n't spend any money on it !
 I am not sure why this gameis being treated like a toy . It is basically one of the new generation adult board games designed with strategy in mind . Players try to use game pieces to recruit villiages to their philosophies before all the bridges are destroyed . The person who has installed the greatest number of `` masters '' in the villiages wins . That is the short version of the game . It gets complicated when the students of a neighboring villiage try to remove the masters from an existing villiage and destroy the bridge to remove access from other villiages ... JW Crane
 GREAT GAME !! Never heard of it before I bought it , but extremely glad I bought it . The craftsman ship of the board is very nice . It is simple in that there are only three plays to make , but every turn your option will change as your opponents choose 1 of the 3 . Choose wisely as journeys will be made and villages will come to peace . Have the most masters to win control of the villages of Shangri-La . Leo Colovini is one of the greatest game designers of our time !
 I bought this game because it was CHEAP and a strategy game that was supposed to play quickly . I did n't expect much due to the low price , but was pleasantly surprised . The rules are simple and game play is pretty quick so you 're not spending a long time waiting around for your turn . I recommend picking this up !
 The play of this game feels like chess , but maybe less confusing . It 's very visual and abstract . We played a few times right off the bat because we enjoyed it and wanted to really understand the strategy . It 's quick to learn and slow to master .
 I was n't sure what to expect from this game , but the game really delivers ! It 's a strategy based game where you have to decide between adding new tiles to the board to increase power of the cities , or moving existing tiles on the board to take over cities . The catch is that each travel route between the cities can only be used once , before the `` bridge '' is broken and the city is no longer accessible from that route . Once all the bridges on roads to a city are broken , the tiles currently in the city are locked in there permanently . Since the object of the game is to have as many tiles of your color on the board as possible , this creates a mad frenzy to be the last person to enter or exit a city , sealing your tiles in for winning points!There are some further complexities , but that 's the basic concept . At first it seems a bit dull , but once you 've gotten some pieces on the board you start anticipating what other players will do in the next few moves and it becomes a lot of fun ! We played with 4 players who are familiar with European strategy games and the learning curve was about 1/2 of the play time , which was 1hr 15min in total . The next time we were much more strategic with placing our starting tiles and the game was even more enjoyable.In summary :1 . This is NOT a game for young kids -LRB- sorry ! -RRB- . I was recommend it for mature 10yr olds and up , if playing with adults .2 . If you have played other strategy-based building games -LRB- Settlers of Catan , Carcassone , Mission Red Planet , etc -RRB- and liked them , you will probably like this game . All 4 players -LRB- with very different personalities -RRB- enjoyed this game .3 . The board and its components are of good quality , and the art is kind of fun .
 I like this game . Played it 4 times already and still can not figure out what is the best winning strategy . The choices for each next move are enormous - almost like in Chess .
 These are wonderful , soft durable totally adorable stuffed pigs . The price however is outrageous . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Ty makes some very cute toys and this pig does not dissappoint . One of my 9 year old twin daughters LOVES pigs and so I got this for her for her birthday . It 's a cute , soft , and cuddly pig . Not terribly educational , other than that it looks like a pig , but I really do n't expect much `` educational value '' from a stuffed animal , this has more imagination value and cuddle value . :--RRB- She plays with him a lot and this pig is a frequent must-have at bedtime.If you have a pig lover or a kid who likes pink or enjoys very cuddly stuffed animals , then the Ty Piggy is for you . : - -RRB-
 My kids love the pluffies . They are the perfect size for snuggling . This goes everywhere with us . We just throw him in the wash , comes out of the dryer warm and smelling clean . Just in time for more snuggling .
 I had searched all the known toy stores in my city and did not find any cute plush pigs , but when I finally searched online , I found this adorable little pig by TY ! Just got him today and he is everything I expected him to be ! Super cute and adorable ! too bad I did n't look online sooner and so sad he 's not for me -LRB- he 's a gift for someone else . -RRB- Maybe when no one else notices , I 'll have to get another one for myself ! : D
 My family loves to play Sunken City . We have a son who 7 and one who is almost 5 and they both really enjoy playing . Occasionally we have to help the younger son , but the rules are basic enough for him to `` get it . `` Here 's the general premise : You play one of four `` explorers '' who are racing to raise buildings from a sunken city . You must built bridges and raise the buildings in order to retrieve the treasure from each building . To do this you have playing cards that give numbers indicating how many structures you may build -LRB- 0-4 -RRB- and how many spaces you may move -LRB- 3-7 -RRB- . So for example , you could choose to use your 4/3 card . You may raise one building -LRB- place a square building on a dark blue colored tile -RRB- and 3 bridges , and then move your token 3 spaces along the bridges you 've erected . Once you land on a building you may turn over your treasure card that corresponds to that building . The object of the game is to gather all of the treasures and return to your home castle with them.The catch is that Neptune is on the prowl and when he moves around , he destroys bridges and sinks buildings . If you are on a bridge or building when it sinks , you lose any treasure that you have n't returned to your castle and must go home.The pieces and the board are very sturdy , no flimsy paper in this game.That 's just a general overview . We love this game ; my sons often request for all of us to sit and play it , and they 'll play it on their own as well .
 My 4 year old daughter really wanted this set , and when I found it on sale half-off I finally purchased it . She loves the plastic tea set -LRB- her baby brother broke most of her real tea set -RRB- and the book has a differnt menu for different types of tea parties , such as doll tea party , princess tea party , and fairy tea party . We made all of the food shown and it was pretty simple for both of us to do together . Over all , we love it and I think we may buy more for the perfect little-girl birthday present .
 My daughter , 3 , loves the cute tea set , the book is very neat , too . We followed the book and had a princess tea party with daughter 's best friend , bit hit.The tea set is perfect size for daughter 's doll , if it comes with a nice container , it will be perfect . The small pieces are so easy to loose .
 This tea set is adorable , with a fun book about tea parties . My daughter enjoys playing with it with her dolls , stuffed animals and friends.No , it is n't sized for human dining -- but it is all about the tiny miniatures -- and that is what makes it so charming and fun . For the woman who said maybe for a 2 year old ? No way . The parts are too small . My six year old is very into pretend play and adores it .
 My son loves to play with his Imaginext dinosaurs . Hammer has been his recent `` take it with him '' toy , since the smaller size makes it easy . He also plays with the small cavemen that come with the dinosaurs . He uses his blocks to make dinosaur zoos with his younger sister . The toys are durable and hold up well compared to other dinosaurs he has had and the action levers give it added fun .
 This is a really great quality puzzle . Well printed and the pieces fit together well . Fun to put together . Clementoni has an interesting series of images you will want to own .
 Layla is one of my favorites . She has long , curly brown hair with orange streaks and glittery streaks . Her eyes are gray and have realistic eyelashes.Unlike the original series of Winx Club dolls , the Pixie Magic series comes with little pixie figures instead of extra outfits . Layla comes with a fairy costume , a pink shield , a cell phone , sunglasses , a knapsack , and a Piff figure.Layla has a fairy outfit . It is lime green and darker , shiny green . She also has green boots and blue and silver wings . Her wings light up a few seconds when you press a button on her back.The Piff figure has plastic clothing . Her wings light up when you push the back of her head.I was actually hoping there was a Layla doll in the original Winx Club series , since they have extra outfits included , but I did find this Pixie Magic Layla doll . I guess I was lucky to find this so easily at Toys R ' Us because they never have her anymore . All I ever see is Bloom , Stella , and Flora . Tecna , Musa , Icy , and Layla are hard to find.I would recommend any of the Winx Club dolls ! I like them much better than Bratz dolls . They have normal sized heads , smaller lips , actual feet , and they smile . Their fairy costumes are a little revealing , but most fairies do wear costumes like this.You can play more things with Winx Club dolls because they are n't just normal teenagers who shop all the time . There is a Winx Club TV show , so you can act out episodes . You could pretend they are angels , also.I wish they would make Darcy and Stormy dolls , too . I would buy them ! They should also make Mew Mew Power or Tokyo Mew Mew dolls . I would buy all of them!I definitley recommend Winx Club fashion dolls , mini dolls , and DVDs to Winx Club fans . Tecna and Layla are my favorites !
 Winx Club are probably my favorite dolls , but I do n't really like their clothes . Layla comes with a short , green shirt and super short shorts with a skirt thing over them . I guess it 's okay , since she 's a fairy , but why ca n't they have appropriate clothes ? It seems like there are n't any dolls that wear normal clothing . At least these are better than Bratz or My Scene , and they only have a little makeup . If you do n't like the clothing on these dolls , you can sew better clothing for them . I might do that with mine . Since they have wings , you could make angel costumes for them , too.I 'm not saying I hate Winx Club . It 's actually one of my favorite shows , and the dolls look nicer than other fashion dolls . Their heads are n't huge , they have small lips , they have normal shaped eyes , and they smile . The inappropriate clothes just annoy me . They should 've given them different outfits.Other than that , Winx Club is a great series of dolls . They do care a little too much about clothing and hair , but the show is mostly about friendship and believing in yourself . It 's a lot better than Bratz . The Bratz show is stupid and boring , too.I definitley recommend Winx Club dolls , especially to people who hate Bratz and My Scene dolls . Winx Club dolls are pretty and they are a lot more bendable and fun .
 I love the Winx Club ! I have Layla and she rocks ! The thing I am surprised about is that she does n't have her everyday clothes , but Icy does ! How weird is that ? I really like that she comes with a pixie .
 I think Layla is really nice and i love her green outfit and light up wings . Piff is a little ugly , but still cute . Layla comes with cool things to ! A pink sheild , cell phone , hair brush , rug sak , water thingie and Piff ! I wish they made Darcy , Stormy , Brandon , Helia , Riven , and Timmy dolls .
 Layla is so awsome !!!!!!!!! I am tring to get Stella but Layla is cool but the only problem is that her outfit is hard to put on and the plastic straps break easly bit other than that she is cool . Any way they are more durable than barbie and more for 9-13 year olds . I reccomend for any age
 Layla RULES !!!!!!!!!!!!! I 've read on other sights that she is rare so get her while you can . She is durable and the Pixie acually lights up !!!!!!!!!!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This Goldberg is cool because he looks just like the real thing and comes with a dumbell that you can take off the weights . Its a durable figure and will rule your collection . He 'll beat The Rock , Steve Austin , Triple H , and Brock Lesnar ! Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This item is a must for infants and young children . Although it touches my heart because my grandmother made one for me , it keeps my friend 's children and boss ' child and my dog entertained for hours ! It is soft and cuddly and very good quality .
 My father , now in his sixties , had a sock monkey as a child . When my son was born his great-grandmother helped me make his sock monkey , and it was his best friend for many years . He is now 18 years old and has passed his monkey back to me to keep . I have sewn monkeys for 2 nephews and a godchild 's child , and recently my grandmother sewed another monkey for my new neice . Having a monkey is a thread that ties all these generations together . They are very durable . The monkey that is 60 + years old is still at my grandmother 's house for the children to play with when they visit . I believe that every child should have someone love them enough to give them a sock monkey !
 I order the sock monkey to add to my daughter 's monkey collection . It is really cute . It seems to be made well . My daughter loved it !
 I bought this sock monkey for my wife back in 1999 . We were each sort of shock when we first took him out of his box . He was so odd looking . In fact he was so strange that my wife kept him in his bag , next to her bed , for the first week while she got used to him . Eventually , she released him from his bag , and named him Kwame.Since those early years , Kwame developed a great personality . Mostly , Kwame is irate , and ill-mannered . He loves to race cars , especially in the videogame Gran Turismo -LRB- because he watches me play , I guess -RRB- . Also , Kwame is extremely vain . Because he is the tallest of all the plush animals in our household , he also became something of a bully . He does not get out of line that often anymore.So why did he save my marriage ? We got Kwame when we were engaged . During our first year of marriage , my wife and i both were learning how to communicate , and we both needed to learn how to describe our frustrations and what were feeling . Through Kwame , my wife found an outlet for her frustrations , her desire to connect with my excessive video game playing , and generally provided us a common jester to think and converse about . Since we added Kwame , other plush friends have joined our family , including Peckle , Ichiro and Isaiah . My wife even created a site for Kwame and his pals at www.FindPeanut.com , seriously . This sock monkey even made it into our wedding video back in 2000 . He 's a part of the family , what can I say ?
 While sock monkeys may not be the most adorable creatures , this one gave me new hope . The quality is good , it 's soft and just the right size . Now if I can get my one-year-old interested in it , we 'll be set !
 I love sock monkeys -- not just because they 're cute and I had one as a child , but because it 's so much fun to say `` sock monkey . '' -LRB- Try it ! -RRB- I purchased this particular ape for my 8-month-old nephew for Christmas -- continuing a tradition I started with other nieces and nephews . The toy is well-made , with no small pieces to fall off and cause problems . I 'm sure my nephew will slobber on it , throw it around , and love it as much as his brother and cousins love theirs !
 I 've owned a sock monkey all my life , and there is something in the soft yet rough , happy yet sad feel that it conveys . I prefered my sock monkey over any doll or Barbie growing up , and he still sits in my room yet today . I think the long arms and legs and cute face make it an interesting toy for a child of any age .
 I brought my sock monkey to the office with me after purchasing it from Amazon.com . When things get busy or I am feeling down , I just grab my sock monkey and we sing and dance together . Sometimes he just sits on my lap and types away on my keyboard with his long floppy arms .
 Got this for my dying brother in hospital , as it was a favorite as a boy . Still carry it in my car to remember him by . It has held up real well in the years since he has passed .
 I received this sock monkey as a shower gift and LOVED it ! It is adorable in person !! My 18 month old second cousin seemed to LOVE getting hugs from this monkey with its long arms ! I ca n't wait to take pictures of my baby with this monkey ! It definitely has a retro charm , and I found out later that my dad had a sock monkey like this growing up .
 I got a pair of these for my nephews -LRB- ages 4 and 2 -RRB- this XMas because my brother and I had these when we were kids . They were an instant hit with the boys . The sock monkey is a classic and I was n't surprised that both boys took them with them to bed that night . I think they will be holding on to them for a long time .
 Instant hit at six months . Big smiles . It 's light and floppy and sturdy -- my 10-month-old has been chewing on it for 4 months and it 's held up well . The red/white/darkbrown contrast and simple expression are engaging . Definitely a standout from other plush toys .
 I love sock monkeys ! I especially like the ones on Amazon , as they last a very long time , and there seems to be no shortage of them . They 're durable , imaginative , and so very fun . I 'm keeping mine ! No ! You can not have it ! Get you 're hands off and get your own !
 You know when you really need someone to be there for you and in an upbeat mood ... well that guy is Sock Money ... nice arms to hug you . Mainly for adults . LOL
 I 've always wanted a sock monkey . All my friends had them when I was growing up . finally my mom got me a kit . these kits are really neat because they teach you how to sew . they are soooo cute and loveable . I think everyone should have this toy at some point in their lives and ... that 's all I have to say about that .
 When I was four , I had a monkey like the one you have in the picture . I named him Pippo . I took him with me wherever I went . I loved him , he made me feel secure , but , after many miles and washings , he began to fall apart.I 'm thirteen right now , but that monkey was my best friend.This monkey is probably the most popular stuffed animal there is ... and the most dearly loved !
 My son loves to cuddle with and chew on -LRB- teething -RRB- this toy and it is VERY durable and cute of course !
 I had a sock monkey as a child and it has a universal , timeless appeal in my opinion . This one says there are no buttons which make it perfect for babies and small children . My Mom taught me to remove all button eyes from stuffed animals and embroider `` replacement eyes '' on when my daughter was small . It is all too possible for a small child to , over time , work a button off and put it into their mouths , perhaps then swallowing it or even choking on it . Many toys for infants and toddlers come with button eyes and other buttons or similar things that could hurt a child.I 'm impressed that this product has taken that into consideration and made it infant and toddler safe . I want a sock monkey again -LRB- I 'm 55 and may buy it for myself for my 56th birthday -RRB- . This is definitely the one I will go with .
 I just got my sock monkey about 20 minutes ago , but already I 'm very pleased.Despite it being nearly July , we ordered the little guy because of the sock monkey Super Bowl commercial as a lot of others did.From just holding him , you can feel how soft and well made he is . While it 's not really necessary , it 's worth nothing how cute he is , too.I can definitely recommend this sock monkey for toddler birthdays or baby showers as he has no hard pieces or buttons.Overall , this is definitely the best , silliest looking sock monkey you can buy on Amazon and I would suggest him to everyone !
 After the recent SUV commercials showing a life size sock monkey jet skiing and riding the mechanical bull , we had to have one of our own for road trips ! It 's a pretty good version of the originals from the 60 's and 70 's .
 I gave this Sock Monkey to a friend who had always wanted one from the time she was a little girl . She never could find one and when I found this one here online , I ordered it and it is so cute and I gave it to her and she loves her sock monkey . She was so happy . The seller sent it very quickly and it came wrapped so it would n't sustain any damage in transit . I was very please with it . Thank you so muchTake care and God BlessEileen
 The sock monkey is a much loved toy that has stood the test of time . Our grandson loves him . Great stuffed toy for a boy .
 This is my present from Santa because I was a good girl this year ! My brothers and I each had a sock monkey friend as kids and they all liked each other too ! Maybe I 'll give this one to my brother instead ; after all when the giving hurts a little , that 's the greatest gift !
 They are by far the cutest most incredibly soft stuffed animals in the world .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for an adult . He doesnt play with it -LRB- he would look kind of silly doing that -RRB- but it serves its purpose of being a nostalgia gift .
 I bought this sock monkey for myself for Christmas because I used to have one like it when I was a toddler many years ago . It is well made and could withstand a child 's rough treatment . It looks 99.9 % like my old sock monkey and brings back good memories .
 So original and so well made . I got ta say for the price and the quality . This sock monkey is great . Loads of jun or just wacky to look at . There are other sock Monkeys out there but there really overprice . I ` ts a sock for god sakes ??? . So for the price for the quality and the original Sock Monkey . This is what your looking for . The seller is quick and sends it with care .
 i loved my sock monkey so much i strapped him in the passenger seat of my car . i love him . but then one day he was missing . i must have left the door unlocked ! i was very very worried . then i started getting pictures of him in the mail , pictures taken in places he should n't have been ! he was in danger , but i did n't know how to help him . i ordered a new one and was happy . now i keep him even closer , on my lap in my car and next to me at night .
 Eye of Horus has quick instructions to learn , and initially we thought we 'd be bored quickly . But you soon realize there are different strategies you can use , and some depend on who is the dealer . I love how you can capture cards using math . For example , if the pool has a 3 and 4 , you can put down a 7 -LRB- 3 +4 = 7 -RRB- to take all three cards . You can also do the reverse . If the pool has a 7 and 3 , you can put down the four -LRB- 7-3 = 4 -RRB- . You can also play a simplified version where you just match numbers , so this game is probably good for a family with small children - that way everyone can play .
 This is a fun game , and it helps build some important math skills , so all right there , but ... I did n't realize when I bought it , but this is just a specially drawn version of a normal 52 card deck ! You could play the exact same game with a deck of cards from the drugstore . They 're really pretty , these cards , but it 's cheaper to find the rules online and use cards you already have .
 this thing is very soft and `` cuddly '' , however it is no where near 18 inches . In fact when I put a yard stick next to it , the elephant only came up to the 12 inch mark .
 My granddaughter wanted a pink stuffed elephant for Christmas . She picked this out herself from all the selections on Amazon . It is very well made and very soft . She loved it .
 I purchased this soft pink elephant for my granddaughter on the way . My daughter had a pink `` Ellie '' growing up that her favorite throughout childhood and went everywhere with her . So this little one just had to have a special `` Ellie '' too . This one is just as described and very soft and cuddly ! A little larger than I expected too .
 If you are buying WWE action figures the Deluxe Aggression collection is the only WWE wrestling collection to buy . The Deluxe figures are the only WWE figures that have over 23 points of articulations all over their body . This figures move human like unlike other WWE figures that almost do n't move at all . This figures are also very durable . This figures get 5 stars from me .
 I 've been battling with my 3.75 year old about his picky eating habits for too long . I love to cook for him , but it has become so frustrating I 've decided to abandon my recipe search and focus on making his eating experience more enjoyable . Since we 're of asian decent , using chopsticks has always been something my son has wanted to do but regular chopsticks make for another uneaten dinner . Zoo Sticks are large , so they stay put . Their fun to use and my son actually takes pride in getting food to his mouth .
 We have a lot of fun playing this game . We have worn out the board and had to tape it . My wife bought it for me for christmas after hearing a conversation about it . We love playing aganist each other or with extended family and friends .
 This is an intensely strategic game . Excellent for anyone looking for a challenge . Tons of fun for family night .
 This is very similar to the Settler 's of Catan game that is rightly becoming so popular these days . The difference is that this game is set in the land of Zarahemla -LRB- a place in the ancient Americas mentioned in the Book of Mormon -RRB- . The first time I played this game I loved it . There is a lot of strategy involved as well as plenty of trading skills . There is also an element of luck that can allow anyone to win -LRB- the first time I played my 12 year old sister she won ! -RRB- . I still have n't tried the game with two players yet -LRB- it seems everytime I want to play there are plenty of others who would like to join in -RRB- , but I can say it 's a blast with either three or four people . The board is made up of 5 sections of different that have hex shapes on the front and the back . This means there are hundreds of possibilities for the way the board gets set up always forcing you to analyze it and adjust your strategy accordingly . You win by being the first player to reach 12 victory points , which are accumulated by building settlements and cities as well as having the longest road , largest army -LRB- obtained through special development cards -RRB- , and greatest temple contributor -LRB- you can purchase temple stones -RRB- . There are also 5 automatic victory points that can be obtained through buying development cards.In summary , I 've played the game about 4 times in the past two weeks and I 'm still ready for more . I wish I could say I had won the game 4 times in the past two weeks ... Get the game , its a blast .
 This is a knock off of settlers of catan but it is better in many ways . The board is better in the way that it stays together . The parts are very well made and has a great tray to put everything into . A well made product .
 A friend got this game from a neighbor that moved out of state and invited us to play with them . We were hooked in one game and had to get one for our family to play together.Pros
 My 9-year-old nephew just received this game as a Christmas gift , and I played it for the first time last night with him and 3 other family members , ages 9 to 52 . It was great fun ; I did n't want the game to end!The rules are easy to learn -LRB- unlike Carcasonne , another new game in our home , whose finer points and rules I am finding somewhat difficult to learn -RRB- . `` Settlers of Zarahemla '' has some similarites to Monopoly , in that you are trying to acquire wealth -LRB- in the form of wheat , brick , wood , water or stone cards -RRB- in order to expand and upgrade your existing holdings , i.e. , settlements . But this game was much more fun and interesting than Monopoly , adding elements of strategy and trade between players and the ability to buy special `` Development '' cards with surprise results , to gain strategic advantages and extra points.You earn building material cards according to how the dice are rolled , and the placement of your pieces on the board . However there is strategy involved in where you place your pieces -- and whether you choose locations for your settlements with high or low-probability numbers.As you place your settlements on the board , you will earn cards based on the raw materials corresponding to the hexagonal blocks adjacent to your settlements . For example , if you have a settlement adjacent to a `` wheat '' hexagon with a `` 9 '' on it , and someone rolls a 9 on their turn , you will earn one or more wheat cards . -LRB- For most numbers rolled on the dice there will be two corresponding hex-shaped blocks on the board , each symbolizing one of the raw materials
 We came across this game after being fans of the Settlers of Catan game and absolutely loved it ! We especially love the Book of Mormon connections and the game-twisting options that come from the development cards . The game board is easier to set up than the original Settlers as it has a frame to place the hexes on and also allows you to keep score as you play . We highly recommend it and hope you enjoy it as much as we do !
 We were thrilled to have found this game as it is no longer manufactured . New in sealed box ! We could not be any more satisfied .
 This game is available at other websites for $ 25 - $ 30 . $ 299 for this game is robbery . My son liked this game a lot .
 We only wish that there were expander packs ! We have so much fun playing Settler 's of Zarahemla . I was surprised to come here and find the price point so high -LRB- $ 299.99 -RRB- , which I can only assume indicates that it is now out of production . That is so sad . You would think that a game this great would only gain popularity . We also have Settlers of Catan in our home , but since picking up Settlers of Zarahmela , it never gets played -- our kids prefer this one !
 We received this product - actually before the arrival date . It had all of the pieces . It 's easy to learn and we have had so much fun playing it !
 Some say that it is n't as fun as the settler 's of Catan . I like this game better just because I can convince myself it 's religious ;-RRB- ... Just buy two of these games , cut the board up -LRB- nicely -RRB- , make your own expansion cards , and then you 'll have an 8 player game and it will be comparable to Catan .
 This is my 3rd My Scene doll , and I 'm very happy with her !! She has 3 very cute tees , and a very soft , and fluffy pair of pants !! A face looks like shes looking at something at the left , and she have such great quality hair , it 's such a delight to brush it with a comb !! -LRB- Not included -RRB- she comes with a dog , and 3 tees , and some cardboard magazines . One tee has a butterfly in the center . -LRB- This will be the one Barbie is wearing when she comes !! -RRB- The other says ' I < 3 River ' , and the other one is sort of tight , and it has alot of scribles in it . her body is very smooth , making it easy to dress , and i love her rockin shoes !! Hope this Helpes !! Barbie Fan
 Decipher really hit a home run with Star Trek CCG . This customizable card game has so many options and cards to choose from that it blows my mind . I have played this game since its release in the 90 's and have never seen the same game twice . It has infinite possibilities . These cards have long been out of print so finding an unopened factory sealed box of Dominion is very very rare . I would guess there are n't many unopened boxes left . This game still has many loyal players and communities that support game play all around the world . You might even find a local group of players in your town if you look . My box arrived in perfect condition and I was very satisfied with my purchase .
 this toy is cute he does not have a creepy smile . might still scare a 3 year old . I bought this toy this year and the eyes got suck on mine and they do not move anymore but there is water in them so it may have been an alussion that they moved .
 this is a great toy ! i keep him on my night stand . the only problem that i have with this hiei action figure is the the eyes move , if you know thw show then you know that the eyes can not move .
 I 'm shocked with the prior reviews that ranked it with only 1 or 2 stars -- this compelled me to write my own review . My three kids -LRB- twins that are 31/2 years old and an 18 month old -RRB- received this for Christmas and they went nuts for it . By no means is it their favorite thing to play with , nor do they gravitate to it on a daily basis but now and then the button gets switched on , the music starts playing and the hips start moving -LRB- their hips - not mine -RRB- . It 's fun to hear them create their own sounds and let their imaginations roll.Our piano has n't broken yet , but I can see it wo n't last for too many years to come -- especially with 3 little ones playing with it.Still it is a worth while toy and when their music interests peak , you 'll want to take advantage of it and have something like this around .
 My 3-year-old received this for Christmas and loves it . I had to write a review when I saw that someone else had only given it one star because theirs apparently arrived broken . Ours seems very durable and is definitely a 5-star toy in our home . My three-year-old son played the demo songs over and over again , and also likes playing the piano himself . Both my husband and I are professional musicians and find this to be pleasant to listen to .
 I purchased this piano for my daughter for Christmas when she was 17 months old and she loves it ! Obviously , inspired by her name , Lyric , she absolutely loves music and this little piano is perfect for her . Two months later , she still plays with it ! Her father & I want her to take piano lessons when she gets older , so this was a great starter piano . This Christmas , we 'll buy her a bigger one . L.
 This is the toy with the background music and she 'll play the croc toy along with this one and also dance .
 We got this for our daughter when she was about 21 months and she did n't pay a whole lot of attention to it then . But now a year later this is the first toy she plays with each morning . She can play her own tune , or set it to play a variety of well known tunes that she can dance to . Our baby loves playing with this also , and became interested in it as soon as she was able to sit up . I highly recommend this toy , especially for the price !
 My two year old loves his crocodile ! Especially the demo mode that plays lots of tunes and lets him dance . For the price , this one seems to be in `` tune '' to my child . As with most toys , it needs good batteries , or the tone will suffer .
 I think this piano has really contemporary , upbeat music . We we were at a friends house and she had this for her little one . When my son played with it ... well ... I have never seen him dance so much and for so long . I had to get it because I got so much enjoyment out of watching him dance and have so much fun . I think you 'll be very happy with this purchase .
 This is a fun toy for everyone . Even our babysitters have fun with it . Although there are nicer piano/keyboards out there , this is a good one for the price , plus my son loves that it looks like an alligator . There are so many things you can do with it , and even though it 's made of thin plastic , it 's pretty durable . Our son is 18 months old and likes to sit and jump on it . It is still intact .
 It 's electronic , so unlike the expensive Schoenhut pianos , it stays in tune . It has so many different ways to entertain , that I 'm sure he 'll play with it for at least 2 years . It comes with like 20 demo songs , a sequencer , several sounds , manual drums as well as several preset drum patterns . For a kid , it 's a pretty serious toy and not that expensive . If you ca n't find one new , get a used one from someplace - your kid will love it !
 I purchased this toy for my three year girl last week . I ca n't stop playing with it myself . My husband & I just know she will love it . She sings all the time and everytime we go to the toy store she finds a piano . However , most are too expensive for our budget . This is a great toy for an exceptional price . The rythums are a little unrealistic but she does n't care . The volume control is great . Cute and very age appropriate .
 Just a response to Helen , who commented about middle c not being middle c
 Toddlers love this piano . It may very well be educational . My son and his playmate will listen to it for hours . In fact , whenever his playmate comes over he insists on having the drumset on at all times . It 's very cute when they groove to it . However , it is slowly driving my husband and me crazy . Why ? ... because it appears that the volume resets itself every time it is turned off and on . So we turn it down to the lowest setting ... but the next time it gets turned on we 're right back where we were -LRB- and a toddler may turn it off and on 15 times in five minutes . -RRB- We live in a small apartment and the notes reverberate around and fill the entire space . Even the lowest volume is n't low enough for my preference.The `` Demo '' setting is particularly nerve-shattering . It is of course a favorite with the youngsters . There 's nothing like a blaring bossanova version of `` Ode to Joy '' or `` Fur Elise '' to create a calming classical atmosphere.Anyway , I would appreciate if the Little Tikes would include a save volume setting feature and some lower volumes in the next version .
 My son got this for his birthday last year -LRB- 3rd -RRB- and he still loves it . He plays the piano or dances to the demo music . And it is small enough that it sits up against the wall in the living room without appearing out of place . We really like this toy .
 Our son is 2 yrs old and loves this piano . He loves to play the demo and dance and dance . He enjoys recording his music and listening to it . When we have play dates at our home , this piano is one of the popular toys . It is very sturdy . There has been many times I had to remind the kids that it is not a stool to stand on . It is loud , but easy to turn the volume down low . We love it !
 I ordered the Little Tikes Crocodile Piano for my granddaughter 's 2nd birthday . When it arrived and I opened the box , I had to literally pry it out of the hands of my husband , who was having a ball playing with it . It was a big hit at the birthday party and well liked by the kids . I would recommend this toy -- kids are sure to enjoy it .
 I just got this toy for our daughter -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- and she loves it ! She will pretend she is really playing a piano and sing . She will also press the demo button that plays the music on its own and she will dance , dance and dance . This is a great little piano for the money .
 My 20 month old son loves anything to do with music . He plays the flute , the recorder and the harmonica already so his Grammy decided to also buy him this Piano and it is quite a hit ! From the day we brought this piano home my son has played with it at least 4-5 times a day every day and he is so excited to hear himself play music . The crocodile theme also really draws him to the Piano - it 's so fun . My son gets a little carried away thinking he 's Jerry Lee Lewis and likes playing with his feet , standing on it and playing and yes he does use his hands . He even carries it around the house to wherever he feels like setting it down and striking up a tune . I love that this Piano brings such a smile to his face and helps to encourage his musical talents . It has many different buttons besides just being a piano it also plays various instruments and sounds -LRB- my son 's fav is the duck -RRB- . Yes , it gives me a headache once in a while but it 's quickly relieved by seeing the happiness and joy on my son 's face and especially seeing him bloom from my little 3 pound preemie into my 27 pound Motzart !
 I bought this for my 21/2 year old nephew . It is adorable and has multiple sounds , including instruments and other sounds . It is a great size , not too big -LRB- it can be set on a table or lap -RRB- and not too small -LRB- it can also be used directly off the floor -RRB- ! He loves it and `` plays '' for me every time I visit !
 This is a Great figure as The Miz would say `` This is a AWESOME Figure '' On the back of his shirt it says `` PARENTAL WARNING SANDMAN HAS BEEN KNOWN TO PROMOTE SMOKING , DRINKING KEEP AWAY FROM CHILDREN '' The kendo stick fits in his hand . If you ever run into it get it A.S.A.P.
 I must say this probably one of the action figures out there.Also , his kendo stick fits in his hand really well .
 Researched other `` doctor 's '' kits and this one looked like the best deal . Only complaint is that it does n't come with a doctor 's bag . Since I bought it for 2 girls , next time I would pay more and go for the one put out by Disney which probably would 've appealed to them more .
 I purchased this toy for my youngest son who wants to be a doctor when he grows up . This toy is excellent for a child who has a caring nature and truly seems to want tocare for others . I think toys like this nurture that positive quality in children.I very much recommend this toy and think that all future little doctors would like it .
 This is a cool trunk to keep stuff in for my friend.She likes Barbies , and she loves this !
 If you need an item just to keep Barbie Dolls in and do not want to take a lot of space whether traveling or at home this was a great buy .
 The image shown 2 different products.The soft backpack and the hard plastic box.I was shopping for the box with lot of compartmentsI was dissapointed when the tote arrived.Overall . . It 's GREAT price and FAST delivery .
 I was very pleased with the Barbie doll case I received . The great grandchild love it when she got it for Christmas .
 Other reviewers mentioned weak snaps to close and a cheaply made plastic case . The item I got is more of a backpack than a case , appears to be well made , has a zipper closure , and is roomy . It is like we received entirely different items , but mine is what is pictured . I am happy with it . It will make a nice gift for the little girl I bought it for .
 I thought the Barbie case/back pack was very nice . I gave this to my niece as a gift she loved it . My granddaughter was crying because she did not have one . My granddaughter is 31/2 and my niece is 41/2 years old . I guest the Barbie dolls are loved by younger kids now . My niece put on her Barbie doll case/back pack and had it on all day long .
 Fast delivery . Great deal . Happy with product quality . Could not find it locally so was to find it on amazon .
 Yes , it 's just a figure but it is still brand new looking . I can say much about the quaility because i 'm not a collector .
 My son has hyper-mobile joints in his hands . In first grade he was having a terrible time holding a pencil . It was very difficult for him to stabilize his hand . He tired quickly when writing . This was the ONLY pencil grip that kept his hand in a position where he did not tire so quickly , and enabled him to use less pressure while writing . His writing and his hand strength improved very quickly . I highly recommend the Grotto grip . His teachers in first and second grade also loved it , and I gave them some to use with my son 's classmates . The boys all called it the Bionicle grip ; it does look much cooler than the standard grips .
 I really like the grotto grips for my 5 year old . In a pre-Kindergarten assessment , the teacher said she wanted my son to practice a correct pencil grip before starting Kindergarten in 3 months . His little fingers had a tough time holding a pencil `` correctly '' . After trying several other brands and styles of grips which did n't help -LRB- he could use the grip and hold the pencil the wrong way -RRB- we found the grotto grip . It took just a little getting use to - his middle finger still sat just a little high up on the grip at first . After a week , his hand relaxed and he likes using the gripper . Yesterday he picked up a regular pencil and without thinking he held it with his fingers in the right position . We will continue to use the grips for the next few months but they are undoubtedly making a huge difference for my son 's pencil grip and his willingness to write more . The best grips I have found .
 I work in a school and the Occupational Therapist recommended these grips . It is the only grip that I have seen that teaches children to hold their pencils correctly . My son has been using it since September and his grip is getting much better .
 The most helpful pencil grip . We 've tried a bunch of different ones , this is the best one . Even my son 's teacher asked where we got them , so she could get some for the kindergarten .
 My son has trouble flexing his fingers when using other writing aids . I have bought every possible kind , from learning stores to online shops . After only a week of using it , my son has changed the way he holds pencils and three weeks later he no longer need this aid , even his teacher was amazed at the progress . If your kid has the same muscle problem I would highly recommend this .
 Two of my kids are not very big on writing legibly . The school told me that they had horrendous grip position , and recommended purchasing either these grips , or this other product which I have n't tried . Bottom line ; these grips helped both kids master their grip , and turned their chicken scrawl into something far more legible . I 'm not saying that either of them have a future in calligraphy , but they do n't get fatigued as quickly , and I can actually read what they write now.It 's a shame that they do n't make these in grown-up sizes -LRB- they 're too small , I tried -RRB- because I could sure use the help myself .
 Bought grippers for my 6 year old child with special needs to help with learning to write . We are still using hand over hand for learning , but the grippers have greatly helped with teaching her how to place her fingers on a pencil . Will be checking to see if I can find larger ones for markers or crayons .
 This grip helps child position fingers for best grip and control of pencil . Excellent helper for sensitive kids or those with fine motor skill challenges or for help getting better control of pencil for learning to write . Would not rate this as a toy .
 I bought this for my 4 year old , I prefer the use of a pencil grip over the jumbo pencils to learn handwriting . This grip is durable -LRB- a smooth rubbery material -RRB- , colorful -LRB- in the random pack of three , I have colors to satisfy my son and daughter and make them excited about HANDWRITING not just doodling , I guess the pencils look more academic with these on them ? -RRB- , and they are easy to use . It ensures correct placement of the fingers right away . With other grips I always wondered if I put it on upside down and which fingers went where , but I do n't have that problem with this grip . It is comfortable enough for the adults in the house to use , the grip relieves the stress upon any finger callus that may already be present . When I first used it , I thought `` THIS is how you 're supposed to hold a pencil ! '' Apparently I do not hold my pencil `` correctly . '' -LRB- Less important for me , but important enough for the children . -RRB- I hope we do n't lose these , but if we do , I will purchase again .
 We bought this because our 5.5 year old was holding his pencil incorrectly . His teacher recommended it , and it has worked very well . It truly forces your child to hold the pencil correctly , and the colors make them want to use it . We had great success with this .
 I got this for my 10th birthday and i love it . when i did i thougt `` great another crappy fake toy '' . but i learend to love it eventualy i got some books because my parents saw that i played every day for like 2 hours and now i have taken lessons for 2 years-down sides-the only down side to this toy is that it doest have a wawa bar . that is the thing that makes the wawawawawawa sound if you hold a note . be sides that this toy is the best thing that ever happend to me so if your a parent reading this you sould at least let your kid try this . Who knows you , or your son might just became one of the greatest gutarists who ever lived because of that rad guitar you got .
 First of all , I 'd like to say that I received the guitar only 2 days after it was shipped ~ what a wonderful surprise ! *** The guitar is of wonderful quality and is not a toy at all ! It 's a beautifully crafted musical instrument and totally exceeded my expectations -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . I am so excited to see my 8 year old son 's face on Christmas morning ! Yipppeeeee !!!!
 This is the best thing you could buy if you want to buy an electric guitar.It comes with the case , amp , and guitar with a strap.Buy this before they are all gone .
 I did not get this yet but it looks cool and if I get this , ill get this for Christmas .
 well this guitar duz look pretty awsome and it got a 5-5 so isuppose it has 2 b a pretty good guitar w / amp
 My 4 year old daughter absolutely loves this toy . She can do this all by herself -LRB- `` growing '' and `` styling '' her hair -RRB- . The only drawback is that sometimes the Playdoh can be hard to get out of the pony when it 's time for clean up .
 My daughter is a hands on girl , -LRB- she is 6 -RRB- and she loves my little ponies and play-doh . Her favorite thing to do is to cut the hair . So , she 'll grow the hair then cut the hair over and over and give her different hair styles . She also loves how the play-doh actually sparkles ! how cool ! The pony actually looks very pretty when the hair is grown . She also mixed white and pink for a new look . great product !
 My 4 year old just loves this toy . She love My Little Ponies and Playdoh . She loves to make their hair grow and then pretend she is a beatician . I love this . Make more playdoh items like this one
 Hey everyone . If you want a model with out painting and with little gluing , this is it . The only difficult part I had was the distributer and the wiring of the spark plugs . I recommend this for anyone , beginner or expert model builders .
 I bought this model after seeing it in a store . The store had it for $ 32 but I found it on Amazon for about $ 12.50 . It is very detailed and pretty easy to assemble . My favorite thing about it is there is no painting required . I remember how much I hated painted models when I was younger.This model goes together pretty well but I did have to make a few alterations but nothing major . A few of the chrome parts were ever so slightly nicked up but again nothing major . Other than that it was easy to assemble with no problems at all.This is a skill level 2 model kit so advanced model builders would n't be too interested . I wanted a little project to work on but nothing too involving and this was perfect . It took me a week and after finding a display case to fit it into , it is a nicely detailed piece on my shelf
 I assembled it in about an hour , and i have to say , it 's fantastic ! I am a 17 year old high school student , and i had a blast making this . but thats probably because i want to be an engineer .
 I bought this for my son who is 9 year old . Overall , this model is very easy to build - for me . For my son he still needs some guidance . A lot of the pieces are well formed without any flashes . The pieces come together very accurately . The only trouble that I had is some of the pieces still have oily substance that caused the pieces not to stick together , even with plastic cement . I tried sanding the faces before gluing them together . At the end I resort to using hot glue to stick some of the pieces . The final model looks good . I 'm not familiar with the engine dimension so I can not attest to how accurate the model is . As for educational value , it does teach my son some knowledge how an engine works .
 It my shop with my street rod and other rat rod and race car projectsthese make a great display and the quality and detail is fantastic ... I 've owned real ones in the 60s and early 70s , wish I had kept them ...
 Having purchased other Revell engine kits , this engine is no different than those in ease & durability of product . This engine , once assembled , looks beautiful and sits atop a shelf with my other engines reminding me of good cars that I once used to fix & rebuild .
 I 'm very excited to write this review . . I build models . . This model was fun and exciting to build . . A great way to learn , Fun for all ages . . Very Very detailed when completed . . Dont heasitae to buy this product . . You will have fun , And you will enjoyThis product , , Arrived on time . . Great price also ... Model builder Ford . .
 Revell has done a great job of replicating this iconic engine . I bought this model recently and upon inspecting it , I feel it is a great example of the legendary Ford ` Big Block ' ... with today 's fuel prices and technology , these engines are disappearing into history . But they definitely have a fan following as well , here ` Down Under ' ... if you 've ever heard one of these motors start up and ` rev ' and then listen to it just ticking over ... ahhhhh it 's just heavenly!This model is also a new approach to traditional model making as the parts are already moulded in their respective colours and most of the model assembles using screws ... with minimal use of glue ... the detail is fantastic and the various parts are all faithfully replicated in minute detail ... In summary a fantastic model of a legend ... if you 're into big performance engines , do n't pass this one up ! Well done , Revell !
 >_> It 's cool.I got the die for it.And uhh . . there 's nothing too much to say about it . It 's just 20 lands and 6 boosters , pray you 're lucky .
 I bought this as a gift for my son , who highly enjoyed it . The price was a good value because buying the packs that were included in it seperately would have cost much more . I gave it 3 stars for durability , after all they are cards , but my son who plays with them takes very good care of them , he is 16 . The variety of the cards was good and it made a good starter set for my son who only had 2 small decks before getting this set .
 This is not a toy . This is a card game . This was purchased for my son . It is a fun card game . I bought it because he likes to collect different cards .
 Voyager , another great expansion into the Star Trek genre and also in the CCg game . It is even better for the Treekies out there for they have multiple affliation personnel . Such as older `` Maquis '' and others that show up on a Federation and then again on a Non affiliated card . Makes game play more enjoyable . Also with the edition of some ultra rare cards like the Prometheus , this expansion set is all the more worthwhile for any CCg Trekkie .
 I 've been collecting the Star Trek CCG for , well since it came out in the 90 's . This set is a must for all thouse who collect the game and play it as well . It introduces new alien races and tones of great cards .
 I ordered for a CHRISTmas gift for the grandson who needed another bank . Did n't realize how small of storage it would have so had to pickup another one for his bank . Would recommend for anybody who likes illusions !
 This is one of our 2 year old sons favourite toys and has been for at least the past six months . He has progressed from watching us stack and trying to help , to stacking himself and now to taking tremendous delight in knocking his `` boxes '' over . It is educational , adorable , durable and packs away neatly . We LOVE it and can not recommend it highly enough .
 My daughter received this for her 3rd Birthday . She loves it ! I love it ! Her Uncle -LRB- a guitar player -RRB- gave it to her and right away she -LRB- sort of -RRB- knew what to do with it . It does use real guitar strings . Her cousin who is 2 tried to play with it but was a little too young for it . For a first guitar it is perfect for any age child but I would say ages 3-5 would be best . One big plus is the sound . Not your usual `` toy ... drives me nuts when she is playing with it '' sound . Has volume levels too . Drum sounds are also not overbearing ... nice . A great family toy as one can be `` singing '' while the other plays the guitar . If your child likes music and/or dancing this is the toy for them ! -LRB- or if they have an uncle who is a guitar player and they want to be like them :-RRB- -RRB- Thanks Uncle Dan !!!
 THE CHIPPER JONES FIGURE IS IN GREAT CONDITION . IT WOULD BE A GREAT COLLECTIBLE FOR ANY BRAVES COLLECTION . IT IS 10 YEARS OLD SO IT WAS HARD TO FIND . . THE CO. . WAS EASY TO DEAL WITH . THEY SHIP QUICK AND HAVE GOOD PRICES . . I GIVE A 10 AND WILL ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN !! MWJ CARDS
 this toy is great . you can find it cheaper in target stores.The title is refering to the price.Black Canary rox.The comic in it is good too .
 I love Jaag because they have some unique animals -LRB- such as the Moose -RRB- and their animal faces and details are usually quite good -LRB- with a couple of exceptions -RRB- . Plus , Jaag animals are all machine wash!The Jaag turtle has a round face that one of my children simply adores . He giggled and grabbed this turtle the moment he saw its face . The detail on the turtle back is really good - the shell is sewn with ridges and an edge so it feels interesting and looks like a turtle shell.The durability of the turtle is pretty good . It seems well sewn and the fabric seems durable .
 This is a good product , it 's not made out of a cheap material , and it 's pretty easy to keep clean . I have two cats , and usually , items like this would become just another ` fur-magnet ' , but I did n't really have this problem with this product.It was easy enough to clean , I find a good way to clean these things if you intend them for younger children , is to put them in a pillowcase , before washing , and that would prevent damage.It looks exactly like the picture shows , so if you like what you see , you 'll like this . I got this as a gift , and the person was thrilled .
 I 'm a perfectly sane adult , but I still watch cartoons , mostly on the Cartoon Network 's adultswim . I 've enjoyed the complexity of the characters from the ` Full Metal Alchemist ' animated series for some time , and I really love Al. . He 's usually so optimistic and caring , but he does have a nasty little dark side that comes out occasionally . This plush toy is the innocent Al , holding a kitten he found . It is n't a great piece artistically , but it fully captures the spirit of Al & the little things count , like the tail on the kitten & Al 's leg-pouch . I probably would n't recommend it for especially young children -LRB- or as a chew toy for pets -RRB- because it has a lot of separate pieces sewn on , but for a collector or an older kid who is n't going to ` play rough ' with him , it 's great .
 Arrived in good time , was in perfect condition , very cute . : -RRB-
 As a fan , I really enjoy this . I wish it were a bit bigger but for the most part its really nice to have . Al is so cute . :3
 I just received this in the mail and I am so ecstatic ! I love Full Metal Alchemist and I was thrilled to find out my boyfriend purchased Alphonse for me ! It 's adorable , makes a great gift and is just as the description says . It 's very durable and will be a great edition to any anime plush collection . Lovelovelove ! You will not be disappointed .
 this is a good product , if you like fullmetal alchemist this will be great for you and it is very CUTE !
 My little sister is a Full Metal Alchemist fan , and carries this everywhere with her ! This is a cute toy for Al , and is very nicely made . My sister cut the string attaching the hands to the cat , and he stands with his arms laying naturally , making this an even better toy . If you want to play with this , I recommend doing that . If you like FMA , this is a must have !
 The Al Plushie was was an awesome experience . It arrived very quickly and was even better then i had hoped it would be .
 awsome little version of daredevil , from the tobiz line of 4 inch superheros . i have a collection of toybiiz daredevil and elektra figures . though elektra kinda looks funky especially in the details of the face mostly , daredevil looks supperb , with good posability , though not as good or as many points as the 6 inch legends face off figure the showdown figure is a neat little collectors item you can pose him and stick him anywere . it comes with the marvel battling card game , a la pokemon , and little missle launcher , as a daredevil fan and stop motion animator , this figure is grate for any occation .
 This is another of the WWE 's 14 inch figures . This one features Rey Mysterio , one of the smallest , but most talented pro wrestlers in the WWE . The figure does a great job capturing Rey 's image . This is a great figure for any WWE fan . My only real complaint is that it is exactly the same size as the other figures -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but Rey is so much smaller than the rest . I think it would have been really cool if they made the Rey figure about 13 inches , not to mock Mysterio , but to make interaction with the other figures more realistic.Still , wrestling fans , Mysterio fans and figure collectors will love this figure .
 this figure is great . It has great detail and my kids love it . Thanx
 product came quickly and worked well . Believe the instructions when it says use 500 lbs of cement . Had to go back to Lowes twice for cement .
 What I really wanted was a ground sleeve that would allow me to remove the pole and cap the sleeve for winter storage . That 's not what this unit is designed for . I bought a different sleeve with a cap which was metal as directed by sports authority , but they neglected to tell me it was not universal and was designed for a particular product . It cost me half the price and was the type I wanted , but it would not fit with my huffy basket ball poll . I recieved my basket ball poll , backboard and net , about 14 years ago as a present and still had it perfect in the box , never installed . I bought this since it said it works with spaulding and huffy . It fit perfectly . It 's plastic not metal . Not sure how it will hold up over time , but so far it 's great . It was easy to install . It has no cap at all . It 's design is to be left in place and allows you to remove the poll only so you can take it with you if you ever move . I ca n't imagine I 'd do that as most polls rust over time and most backboards fade so you 'd mostly likely leave it there and get a new one anyway . Probably not a good idea to remove your basket ball pole unless you design your own cap as items like water , snow , and leaves will fall in over time . I ca n't fault the product for that . It does what it was designed to do , works well , just not what I had really wanted .
 I bought this dalmatian costume when my daughter was 12 month and now she is 24 and still fit well . So cute and nice for little ones !
 this was soooo cute ! i was cruella deville and my daughter -LRB- 11 months -RRB- was my doggy . everyone LOVED it ! we were a sight to see !
 this was our daughter 's first halloween costume . She looked super cute as her brothers were firemen .4 of 5 because the little velcro dogbone collar does n't stay attached
 I bought this for my almost 9 month old and she loved it ! It was never a fight to put on like most costumes that are restricting for little ones !!
 I dressed my 4 month old as a dalmatian for Halloween to match his big bro , the fireman . I loved this cape costume because it allowed me to easily remove if necessary and it let my son move around normally -LRB- as opposed to a bodysuit type costume -RRB- . I got a red onesie and black pants from target and we were all set . I did n't give 4 stars bc the velcro bone at the collar did not stay on well .
 I bought the rings as a fitness product . The mounting chains are way too short . You 'll have to use climbing webbing or rope to extend it . Muscleups are extremely difficult on rings this size , though pullups , dips , and pushups are great . You may have to put a cover over the chain as it can aggrevate your arm during pushups and dips .
 I 've bought 2 sets of these gym rings and trapeze barsCommercial Grade Trapeze Barthat attach to each other . One set is for my grandkids at my house . I hung them from chains that had held a baby swing that the kids have outgrown . The branch is probably 10 feet off the ground , so they get a pretty good swing.My 31/2 year old grandson like to stand on a stool about 15 inches high and hold the trapeze and swing a few times.My 21/2 year old granddaughter likes to hang from the rings . My seven year old grandson son flips his legs over the bar . We 've only had the set about 3 weeks . I expect they 'll be using them alot.Of course you do n't have to buy both the rings and the trapeze . I think the kids would still enjoy either the rings or the trapeze alone.I have noticed the price on both fluctuates almost daily . I got the trapeze for less that $ 20 and the rings for less that $ 23 . My son and his wife liked the set so I just ordered them for my 7 years old grandson 's birthday . They plan to attach them to their swing set . I waited until the price was in the same ballpark as the first set I bought .
 very attractive , and extremely sturdy feeling . I bought these with the trapeze bar and between the two , they had all of the hardware to attach them together . All I needed was the quick link to hang the chain from my swing set . These look and feel like they will last a long time .
 foot surgery requires not placing weight on my ankle for three months . I hung these trapezes in a couple of strategic spots which enable me to get in and out of bed and to get on the toilet . They are working great !
 Kids are all over these rings . We chose them because we have kids up to 14 playing out there , and all of them LOVE these ! Thanks for a strong product !
 Its fun to teach toddlers about different tools and this chunky puzzle is perfect . It may be too simple for a three year old , but you can use the items to explain to them what each of them do and even use it when Handy Manny is on .
 This toy rocks . A great reminder of his brawl with Sabu back in 2004 in which he won . The color & deatil are first-rate . The kilt can be taken off simply but do n't let that bug you . I give this toy a 9 out of 10 .
 Since taping this to the inside of my glass front door , I have n't been bothered by prosthelytizers for several months . Worth every penny to stop the bell ringing idiots .
 Lots of fun by yourself or up to 6 people . Good sound and light effects , although these sometimes get annoying and time consuming . Educational for kids of any age , recommended for 8yrs and older . My kids were playing with their cousins ' game and asked for one of their own for Christmas .
 Lots of fun by yourself or up to 6 people . Good sound and light effects , although these sometimes get annoying and time consuming . Educational for kids of any age , recommended for 8yrs and older .
 The WWE has come out with their latest line of 14 inch figures . This figure is of Kane -LRB- aka Glen Jacobs -RRB- . The figure has the current Kane -LRB- as opposed to the original Kane with a mask -RRB- . The figure accurately captures Kane 's likeness . For WWE fans or Kane fans , this is a great toy or figurine .
 This product is in excellent shape . I am a collector , and when I ordered this product I was iffy on how it would arrive . It was shipped perfectly , and it was kept in excellent condition for my collection . I was very pleased with this purchase .
 My sister and I bought theses dolls-they are SOOOOOOOO cute !!!!! Though they are expensive on Amazon you can find them for a lot cheaper and not opened from the box on Ebay . These dolls are great for collecting and durable if you want to play with them . I highly reccomend these dolls to ANYONE.Megan Grover Age :12
 I bought this for my 1 year old and set most of the toys aside for later . She loves the little rake and shovel , and shaking the boat when there 's water in it to hear it slosh around . The bucket is clear which is nice to be able to see what toys are in it . I 'm not sure what the going rate for a bucket and toys are , but I 'm happy with this one !
 Purchased this for a beach trip with the family last month . The kids loved the bubbles ! The large wand is especially fun and makes tons of large bubbles ! The wands and trays are still around , but they 're the only things that have lasted . This is a `` fun '' bucket , but if you 're expecting the toys to last you 'll be disappointed .
 I bought one for my 2yr old and one for my 3yr old . They absolutely loved everything in their buckets ! And I love that there is a huge bucket to store everything in when they 're done playing ! My kids have had weeks and weeks of fun with this . While some of the bubble blowers are kind of cheap and do n't work the greatest , you absolutely can not beat the price of this .
 I received this game as a gift , and really could n't put it down . It plays just like the show , and thankfully , the questions get harder as they go along . In fact , the easy questions are n't exactly easy . I could n't put it down , the only ` problem ' I would say about it is , sometimes it 's hard to distinguish a `` B '' from and `` I '' ... but that 's nit-picking . I highly recommend this to fans of the game , and any trivia lovers .
 THIS IS A GREAT GAME ! GREAT FOR LONG TRIPS , OR EVEN FOR A RAINY DAY . SOMETIMES THE QUESTIONS GET MIXED UP , ONE QUESTION WAS
 I have to say that this is a very fun and educational game . I was a bit disappointed with it 's quality . I have 4 other Tiger Hand Held games and have yet to be disappointed , until now . I think Tiger could 've done better ! My game the on/off button sticks and the LCD screen is very hard to read , especially with a longer question . You have to turn the game to be able to read the questions and answers or be in good lighting . If you are a Millionaire fan and can deal with the small gripes then you will enjoy it .
 This game really is a lot of fun -- and addictive . It 's also extremely educational for both children and adults.However , the game itself is very poorly constructed . The display is quite difficult to read , and the buttons malfunction constantly . Not only do the buttons malfunction , but the game itself as well . It will often show you answers that clearly have nothing at all to do with the question . Once that starts it continues , and you have to constantly re-set the game.It 's a shame that an item with this much fun potential is so poorly designed . It really takes away from the enjoyment .
 This game would be a lot more fun it the screen were easier to read . Also , some of the questions are worded strangely . Before you have been able to figure out the question , the choices appear . Pressing two buttons allows you to repeat the question , but it takes some of the fun out of the game . I do n't think there is much educational value in a collection of unrelated questions , but it is interesting and would be fun it were possible to move faster .
 This game is a lot of fun ! The only thing I would change about it , is to make it easier to read . You have to hold it just so to be able to read it . Other than that , if you 're a fan of this game , you have to buy this hand held version ! This is an awesome deal . I hope they do come out with some new cartridges !!
 This product , to me , was sort of hard to read the questions given to you . I would n't reccomend it to someone who has trouble reading , or to a child 8 or under . I have gotten the millionth question right , I 'll admit , but with great difficulties . I do think this toy is entertaining , once you are used to it .
 The packaging promises additional modules -- but there do n't seem to be any ! My family -LRB- ages 8 through 88 ! -RRB- all loved this game , but we need more questions ! We would love to buy modules with additional questions . Also , we agree with the hard to read screen comment .
 I purchased this game for my mother for Christmas , and she 's been drooling over the box ! I wo n't let her open it yet ! She 's very excited to have her own ... one of her friends has a child who has the game , and she ca n't put it down when she goes to visit ! One little thing to mention , Amazon.com states that the game requires 2-AA batteries ... the game actually requires 3 . Just a word to the wise ! Enjoy !
 I just got this game a few days ago and noticed that there some faults . First , I agree with other people who reviewed this . The words are a little bit difficult to read . Also , if you choose to stop and take the money , you only get credited with one of the two milestone levels you passed . I 'm looking forward to seeing improvements and especially , more cartridges like the package says .
 I love this game . It is a great game . I have had it a year now . I have gone through it several different times . It is so educational.It is very durable .
 A great game that produces tons of fun and education . It is listed as a one player game , but when you do n't know the answer you can ask whoever is in the room . Which kind of makes it for two or more people . A definite buy .
 I had gotten this game before as a Christmas present back in the day , and i had to get another one once my old one was broken . My mama plays this one the most . She became the millionaire several times . we have yet to see our money , but getting big lumb sums of money takes time anyway right ?
 The product came very quickly , was exactly as advertised , shippping charges were very good , the service was good thanks much
 I searched for two months for this toy . Amazon.com to the rescue . They were fast and their price was great . The only complaint I have is that the toy does n't speak the whole time , just at intervals and the LCD screen is a bit hard to read . Otherwise , it 's a fun , educational toy . My husband needs a new cartridge already . ** You can keep exchanging cartridges which makes better sense since you will remember the right answers sooner or later **
 This item was perfectly described and just what I was looking for.They shipped promptly and the packaging was great
 Tool works exactly as advertised , makes it easy to adjust camber on your RC truck . Everything from short course to monster trucks this will handle . Probably not for touring cars though .
 This boat i awsome , when I got it i thought what a lame thing , all of my other boats were made by some cheap company and i thought this would be the same but when i tested it ouI found out it was fast is goes about 25 mph it takes waves like a baby , I think it is a great gift ...
 When I got this I tested it out and it blew me away . This thing goes five times as fast as I can swim ! I would recomend this to anyone !!
 I purchased Ricky for my 6 year old son . Ricky says the names of several sports in English and Spanish plus other phrases a boy would say . My son says Ricky is his best buddy . We are very pleased ! Thanks for a great product ! I am now going to purchase Lizzie Speaks Spanish for my 6 year old niece .
 Doll speaks clearly and is a cute novelty for children curious about language . We gave this to our granddaughter who knew some Spanish words when she was 2 . Now that she is 3 and knows more Spanish , she plays with the doll more and understands the concept that the doll can speak Spanish words , just as she can . It 's a cute toy and well made .
 My took his hair out right away . He did like him for a while and learned some spanish from him .
 Little Ricky 's speech is clear , he is kid friendly and a very good value.The person that I bought him for really enjoys him , as does everyone else who sees him . I would definately buy more products from this company .
 This is a great educational doll . Especially if you have someone spanish speaking that is close to your child . My 4 year old really likes this doll and loves to hear the phrases in english and spanish .
 this car is a little tough to break in but well worth the pain car is aewsome handles great
 Product description and photo were clear and accurate . This is a great addition to my model railroad . I went to three different hobby shops and could not find this product locally . The company delivered shipped the bridge quickly and I received it in perfect condition .
 While this doll is by no means a substitute for a year of college French , it is a great catalyst to get your young child interested in foreign language . Based on my experiences learning and teaching at the college level , I can assure you , the greatest educational gift a parent can give a child is a head-start in foreign language ! Foreign language becomes harder to learn and maintain the older someone is -LRB- even middle school is too late -RRB- , and these dolls are made for the age group which adopts languages the easiest . Forget Baby Mozart , if you want to give your child an edge in education , get them one of these dolls and enroll them in a language immersion school or afterschool program . If the phrases of the French doll aspiring to design clothes bothers you , why not check out the Italian doll who wants to be a soccer star , the Greek doll who has Olympic dreams or the German doll who expresses her love of animals .
 My Mom bought this for our 6 year daughter as she is starting French Club at her school . The doll is very cute although it is sometimes difficult to understand the pronounciation of the French phrases . She lists days of the week , colors , greeting phrases plus `` I love you '' . The accompanying book is a great help ! It would be nice if Jolie also included counting 1-10 .
 Jolie Speaks French Doll is a great toy for little girls . It has all the right cuddly appeal as a soft doll . The voice box is weak and hard to hear and there should be more pressure points to activate speech . The idea is good but the execution of the product engineering is poor . With modern communications and electronics the voice box and recorded speech should be 300 % smarter . You are paying a high price for a poorly executed gimmick . Marks out of 10
 Jolie is an adorable doll!My daughter loves her . I especially love the fact that she says so many words in Frech and English . She comes with a translation booklet -LRB- which came in handy at first -RRB- . My daughter wants collect the other dolls , I am hoping she will learn other languages ... or at least get a good start .
 This is the second doll I have purchased in this group and for the same little girl ! She loves it . I wanted to expose her to different languages that she may not have been before . The first was Spanish and now this one of French!WE WE !! I 'll keep buying them until she tells me to stop !! What a way to travel the world being so young !!!
 In French Class our teacher showed it to us , it was sooo adorable ! And i could understand what it was saying in french , which made it eveen MORe amazing . I want one now !!!
 Smart doll , very educational and fun . I bought this a few years ago and she is still speaking the sayings are easy to remember .
 This is my first toy that I 've purchased for our baby girl . Even though it 'll be quite sometime before she will understand the words , it was out of stock everywhere else so I had to get it now ! The words are very clear , and she 's a good size for a doll . Love it !
 My daughter loves `` talking '' with Jolie in French . She has learned the days of the week and some phrases . She is really cute and not too big .
 The Jolie French Speaking Doll is very cool . She says many phrases in French and English . Worth your money , a very cool doll .
 This doll is wonderful . It 's cuddly and teaches littleones a different language .
 press Jolie 's hand to hear some phrases!press Jolie 's tummy to hear her sing `` frese jaques '' `` are you sleeping ? '' and `` alluoetta '' !
 The doll was fun but stopped working after 2 months . The company refused to send a replacement . Buyer beware !!
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughter and she loves it ! She picked up some of the words already and she knows what they mean . It is a soft rag doll so there is no worry of her getting hurt and she cleans so easily with a damp cloth . I would recommend this doll .
 I purchased the German , French and Spanish `` Language Littles '' for my daughter and son 4 years ago and all of them continue to work on the original batteries ! My children love these dolls and love to mimac the commands that they give . If I had known how much they would increase in value , I would have kept them in better condition but my children have enjoyed dressing them , taking them on trips and playing with them so they are now well loved dolls !
 I 'm Italian , and I bought this toy for my 2 years old daughter and she likes it ! I certainly do too . The Italian accent is accurate and the micro switches are discoverable for her -LRB- hands and leg -RRB- . She picked up some new words for her . And she knows what they mean , now . Sometimes she waits the question and then answer at herself . I would recommend this doll . We live in the USA and I want her to learn my native language.There 's only one thing that the company should do in order to improve this toy . Allow customers to update the words/sentences spoken by the doll - because the educational value can be consumed in less than 2 week of constant use . Kids are like sponges when it comes to learning .
 My 5 year old received this for Christmas . She had almost immediately memorized the #s and quickly began to repeat the phrases Sophie says . She does n't play with this everyday , and when not playing with her , Sophie sits on top of a bookshelf ; so we have n't yet had any issues with chips going bad as mentioned by others . Our daughter now wants a Spanish & Chinese version ...
 Yumi is a happy and soft little friend for my 3.5 and 4.5 yr . old children . She speaks clear English and Japanese to my children who repeat the 7 phrases and 13 words back to her . Yumi has 3 fun places to press for speaking . The wiring from her 3 speaking locations means she is not submersible . She ca n't be given a bath or thrown into the washer for easy cleaning . I hope Language Littles makes removable speaking units that can be purchased to match my children 's increasing vocabulary . -- A worthwhile purchase --
 The Language Little dolls are a wonderful way to learn some beginning phrases of a new language ! I laugh every time they speak , these dolls are so cute!I have 5 of these dolls - Japanese , Russian , German , Chinese , and Spanish . All of them say over 20 phrases , and each one says `` I love you '' when you press the knee.The dolls also come with a booklet that shows the pronounciation of the words they are saying , which is very helpful!My only `` complaint '' is that I wish the booklets also had the phrases written out in the non-English language as well . For instance , it would be neat to see the hirigana/katakana for the phrases that Yumi speaks.Also included with the booklet is a passcode to the Language Little website , where you can learn even more . Very cool.My favorite doll is Yumi , the Japanese-English speaking doll . This is in part because Japanese is a language I would really like to learn , and in part because she says things like `` I like to play musical instruments '' -LRB- I also like playing musical instruments ;-RRB- -RRB- . It is neat how the dolls all seem to have a particular theme , like music , or ballet , or soccer.As for durability , I have had Yumi -LRB- the first doll I bought -RRB- for almost 3 years now - she still works and looks as good as when I first got her ! -LRB- Keep in mind that I am over 20 years old , so I am probably treating my dolls with a bit more care than children might -RRB- . I hope you will decide to get one of these dolls , for your children , or for yourself ! They are great !
 I got mine for Hanukkah , I LOVE it . I 've been taking japanese in school and my friend saw the doll . Yes I 'm a guy , and yes I 'm 21 , but its awesome !!! and for any young kid learning japanese its a great doll . I think its great !
 I bought this for my 4 yr . old daughter the year we moved to Japan . My thought was to just peak her interest in learning a few words . She loved the doll . Yes , a couple words are a little unclear , but overall just fine . We looked in the book anyways to make sure . Aside from that , she really liked the little book that came with it . She picked up a couple words and phrases in just a few days . Not much for teaching , but great for enthusiasm .
 I purchased the Yumi doll as a gift for my almost 3 year old niece . She loves it and is packing it around everywhere . The booklet that comes with the doll has the phrases listed out , so it can help you learn the pronunciations , since it 's a bit hard to pick it up from just listening if you 're new to the language . Overall , it was a huge hit , and her Japanese Grandmother will be quite surprised to know that everyone has learned some new phrases .
 My twin four year old nephews are absolutely crazy about `` Cars '' . Their grandfather has built the town of Radiator Springs for them using Ramone 's House of Body Art , Flo 's Cafe , and Luigi 's garage . It 's great .
 A number of cool shops Ramone ! ! While other shops had were not enough shops purchase of this Ramone.Children delight!Cars fans , the world ! I think you have a good idea .
 What a wonderful way for young children to learn Spanish , or improve their Spanish . I discovered this doll in Latina magazine and decided to order it . The doll is absolutely adorable and her voice is very cute and realistic because it sounds like a real little girl . She states phrases/words in English , then repeats them in Spanish . I think this is a great find .
 Learning a second or third language is easiest when you 're young and the process can be lots of fun for children . Little 's Lizzie Spanish speaking doll is a terrific way to give a child a head start speaking Spanish . She is a soft , cuddly stuffed doll and when her hands and/or knees are pressed Lizzie will say up to 30 phrases - first in English , then in Spanish . She counts too ! The doll is 16 inches high and adorable , dressed in the latest kid 's fashions and accessories . Lizzie comes with a translation booklet and a unique password to a website where children can play language games . The doll takes three AAA batteries.Lizzie is a wonderful and educational gift for children age 3 and up . I have given Lizzie to a cousin 's daughter and Ricky , her Spanish speaking male counterpart , to a friend 's son . They were saying `` uno , dos , tres '' and `` Hola ! Como esta usted ? '' in no time ! Highly recommended.JANA
 I bought this for my 2 year old niece and it turns out my 1 year old niece loves it too ! They both ca n't stop playing with Lizzie and they include her in everything they do . It is so cute ! The only thing I wish could have been put together better was the hair . It comes out very easily when pulled at . Also the clothes should be sewn on so they ca n't be removed but otherwise a terrific investment . As a matter of fact I will be buying another Lizze just in case the original gets too worn out .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend 's little girl . She has had it approx . 6 months now and when I visit , the child says now many of the spanish phrases . Very cute . It supplements some of the spanish bits she is picking up from Dora the Explorer series . Last I 've heard , there have been no problems with the functioning of the toy . The only drawback I noticed is that the stitching on the clothes appears as if it might pull out easily , but that is quite minor , particularly considering the decent price overall . I am getting another soon for a different friend .
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughter and she really likes the doll . It has a soft body and is dressed in bright clothing . It is easy to use that my 2 year old can do it by herself . I think it is a great doll and recommend this one !
 Lizzy is a great toy for young children . It helps them to identify words and phrases in both English and Spanish . It is great for families that are bi-lingual .
 I purchased this doll for my granddaughters ' 4th birthday . She is in love with it ! It is soft and she loved the details on the dress , as well as the fairy wand that comes with it . The hair is very long and curly and is as soft as real hair . She loved braiding it and putting it up in barrettes . I was thrilled with the beauty of the face and details of the dress . It is a darling doll .
 This thing sells for less than -LSB- ... -RSB- in the big box toy store chain . Do not overpay .
 Not surprising that my son loved that game because he loved cars and loved personality disney cars But strange that preserves the cartoon game alsoAnyway , my son will be bought for a group of cars CARS instead of the current regular cars .
 I have been buying and building kits since the 1950s , but so few of the early ones survived . I am happy with Airfix re-issuing the kits of the past , but apparently with new tooling so they are better than I remember them . I have n't built this one yet -LRB- is n't that true of 90 % of kits that we buy ? -RRB- but will get to it later this summer . It was shipped very quickly and was well packed .
 It appears that the creators of Marble Mania have created an ingenius masterpiece of design . Every single marble is needed to make the mobile stand . It 's fun to remove one and watch the entire thing tumble down . Basically , every ball is a keystone , and therein lies the challenge of its construction .
 This is a 15 piece set not 14 . I 'm a horrible sketch artist but i enjoy doing it anyway and this is a really great set for anyone I think . I made the mistake of buying it at a Micheal 's by the beach here in Socal and payed $ 25 dollars although given the quality of the set and my poor patience for shipping it was worth it since expedited pobly would 've costed me the same . At the even lower price available here , this is a super great deal . I wanted a whole variety of graphite darknesses and all the sets available at the store were rather narrow . This set has 2 each of HB , 2B , 4B , 6B , and 1 each of B , H , 2H , and 4H which is just the perfect variety for me . The pencils are sturdy and draw great.As well I also bought the set because of the bag to hold it all in because my supplies always end up getting lost when I leave them laying around . The bag come packed with foam in it to hold shape -LRB- will use for later project -RRB- . As well the I needed and eraser and sharpener which is included in this set , the sharpener is really great and does n't break off the tip or leave it looking weird and the eraser is a good size and clears the paper fairly well.Overall if you 're a thinking about buying it just go ahead do it already as you will not regret . For this price you get a really great deal on quality supplies , and a brick of foam hehe.Edit about performance
 I needed this pencil set for my 2-dimension art class , and I 'm glad I had bought it.The numbers and letters of each pencil is printed clearly on each pencil.The sharpener and eraser is fantastic ! I never had a lead stuck or broken off on the sharpener.I like the clip on the bag so that I can attach it to my art profolio or backpack . But latching it on might taking some fumbling because the clip is made of hard plastic , and the tension from it makes it difficult to open.My suggestion is to keep the eraser in a separate container if you do n't want dark smudges on your work because the soft lead might rub off of the eraser , making it dirty to work with .
 I have been using these pencils since last year . I used them at school , because our art teacher bought a whole big box of the set of these pencils . I get them for my own drawings at home now . Without trying out , i am sure that they are nice , as always .
 I bought this for my daughter for XMAS . She was thrilled with the quality and the practicality that it has its own case .
 My daughter loves this set . She was happy to draw a picture of Greta Garbo , Charlie Chaplin and other favorite old movie stars . She is able to get the right shading and all .
 We bought Ling for our 5 year old daughter who we recently adopted from China . Since she already spoke Mandarin she used it to learn some English phrases . Now that she can speak English , she just enjoys hearing Mandarin correctly pronounced ! We had heard that there were problems with durability but we have not had any and we have played vigorously for 5 months now . . I want the Spanish speaking doll since our daughter is learning Spanish too .
 We just love her ! My daughter is adopted from China . Her face just lights up when she hears Ling speak in Chinese . My daughter now responds with the english phrases . We have had no problem with Ling , she works just fine . We have had her a year now .
 After reading the negative reviews how she did n't work , I was worried when I placed the order . But , upon arrival , I honestly found it amusing that the only trouble I had with Ling was replacing the existing weak batteries with new ones . And , yes , that last battery was so deep down in the speech module that I thought I might have to perform a colon-ectomy on a doll . That aside , my grand-daughter was tickled pink to find that Ling talked to her . Ling is unique and not too pricey a purchase . Delivery was prompt , too .
 I bought this doll for an 8-year-old who had just come to the US from China and speaks no English . She just loves this doll , and it 's like a security blanket for her , which she always has when she 's around others who do n't speak her language . It allows her the ability to know some key phrases , which she can hear in Chinese and then say outloud in English . It 's a good beginning teaching tool as well .
 It has numerous phrases , from numbers to names to simple different greeting phrases . My 14 month old grandaughter loves it . I recommend it very highly
 I bought this doll for my daughter when she was 2 years old . She loved it so much that she carried it everywhere . It speaks several Chinese words which she has learned . I would highly recommend it .
 My Nephew and his Wife left for China this week to get the daughter they are adopting . They took Ling with them as the first gift they will give to their new child . Ling was a big hit with them and their other two little girls .
 My 31/2 year old son LOVES the Disney CARS movie , and has not missed a day of playing with the entire Radiator Springs playset ... this was a `` CARS '' - themed Christmas for him , and he really enjoys being able to recreate scenes from the movie with this playset , as well as create new adventures for the whole RS gang ... he wants to know when Fillmore 's tent and Sarge 's Surplus shop are coming ...
 I as happy with my purchase and also the quick shipping of this item . It was a Christmas gift and my grandson loved it .
 BEING A JERSEY DEVILS FAN MY SON LOVES THIS GIFT . SUCH A UNIQUE IDEA FOR ANYONE WANTING TO GIVE A GIFT . NICE WEIGHT , GOOD BALANCE . A REAL CONVERSATION PIECE . CANT BEAT THE PRICE !
 This is a christmas present for our son so he has not opened this bruder toy yet . But we do have several other bruder toys and we love love love them . He is an active 21/2 yr old and he plays hard with his toys and we have had no problems . We will continue to buy bruder toys for him . There are none like them .
 You know the best thing about this Bruder toy ? The packaging . Seriously . Sure , it 's a solid little toy of very high quality , and the engineering and articulation of it are superb.But the USA is so litigious and prone to theivery , our toys have become impossible to remove from their packaging , such as on Christmas day , birthdays , etc. . It 's a real pain
 if you want noise and a large blue exhaust get this one . easy to install looks cool . im glad i got it
 Never got to install it because my truck broke before it arrived and I sold the truck but looks awesome and I 've been told its a good upgrade
 This is a fun addition to the kid 's brio train set . It was tricky getting the hang of locking the animals in but after awhile even the kids were able to lock them in , more or less . When the trains pass , a magnetic sensor will trigger the animal sounds . If there is no animal locked in , you hear bird sounds .
 With the exception of yes the pig not quite sounding like a pig and for some reason the cow we received not locking/fitting in the animal pen . We love everything else about it . How easily/quickly the sensor detects the train passing by . Our almost 3 yr old , after we showed him how to lock the animals in , is having a blast doing it all by himself . The animals work great with our circus trains and go under the chuggington bridges/tunnels with no problem .
 This Brio toy is phenomenal ! Place the different animals in the yard and as the train goes over the track the sound of animal is heard . If no animals are in the yard , you hear birds chirping . Easy access to battery compartment . By pushing the red button on top it can be manually heard . Hours of fun . Stock up on batteries !
 GIT really did a fine job with these comic collections . Too bad Marvel is now going totally online and wo n't let anyone have the actual comics in hand anymore . * sigh * Oh , well -- but if you can get it used -LRB- or from GIT -RRB- , go for it . It 's definitely worth the money !
 This DVD rom is the best way to catch up on old back issues . Of any one that collects comics you know that when you 're looking of the one issue that you need to complete your collection I am the hardest one to find . But when you buy this DVD rom you get every issue of the title that it is names for.This box contains every cap issue from the first issue featuring cap in the early 1960 to his death in the pages of civil war.Cap is a reminder of what America should be , and should be looked at as a role motel for every one in the world
 This is the best gift I have gotten in a long time . At first I was not sure how to feel about it since , as a comic book fan , I love actually reading comics and turning the pages . But , I also like my comics to be in excellent shape , and reading them puts them at risk . Well , with this I can read them , ALL of them and wo n't ever have to open them if I do n't want to . Besides , the amount of comics contained on the disc is incredible . I love being able to follow a story arc for 25 issues in row if I want to with out having to wait two years for the comics to come out , or running out of comics . It 's really cool and I advise it strongly to those enjoy actually reading their comics .
 I read these comics when I was growing up . It is really great to be able to read all of the stories from start to finish . The format is good , it looks good on my laptop screen . It takes up very little physical space which makes a big difference in my household . The price is very reasonable for what you get . All in all a very nice product . I would give it 6 stars if I could .
 I love these comic dvd-roms ! As a kid , I collected comics . I took a 10 year break and these collections brought me back . It 's a cheap way to read your favorite titles . My only wish is that they continue to make more titles available . Make Mine Marvel !
 If you can get this collection do not hesitate . I am really glad I found these products before it was too late . Because Marvel is going to rent there digital comics on there website they did not renew the contract with GIT corp and after the end of the year , no more will be made .
 This is a pretty neat product . It 's a digital collection of all of Captain America 's Marvel Comics adventures , beginning with his solo adventures in Tales of Suspense -LRB- later renamed Captain America -RRB- . The collection does n't include his comics from World War II and the 1950s , back when Marvel Comics was called Timely or Atlas . Nor does it include every Captain America solo adventure Marvel ever published . It does include every issue of his regular series , however.The collection includes over 500 issues of Captain America comics , from 1964 up until Cap 's death just three months ago in Captain America Volume 5 , issue 25 . The packaging serves as a fitting tribute to the star spangled Avenger , with the back cover showing his shield and reading `` In memory of a fallen hero . '' A nice DVD case is included in the package -LRB- unlike some of the earlier GIT Corp releases -RRB- . I had purchased a big new LCD monitor before I bought this collection , but I was surprised to discover the comics were also quite readable on my average sized CRT monitor at work.There were quite a lot of great stories told in the 43 years worth of comics included in this collection . And I love the fact that the complete comics were digitized , including the ads and letters pages . All in all this is quite a good deal .
 GIT does it again - this time giving us a thorough offering from Captain America 's title . I was pleased to see it is very current - through the April 2007 issue of Cap 's comic . I also enjoy seeing the early Tales of Suspense issues -LRB- with co-star Iron Man who is slated for his own DVD-ROM set later this year -RRB- .
 GIT did a nice job with this . As mistergoodman notes , it does indeed include all the Cap series from TOS in '64 to his death -LRB- I still hope it 's not true -RRB- here in ' 07 , plus annuals and a great bio . Definitely get this if you 're a Cap fan.The user interface uses PDF files with hyperlinks -- anyone with Adobe Reader 7 will be able to use this easily . For me , reading was a challenge initially , certainly not GIT 's fault . On my widescreen laptop , my highest res is 1280x800 . By default Reader opens these up to fit the whole page , which is about 90 % of actual size and a little hard to read , especially for the older comics . If I use the fit width setting instead , the pages are about 125 % of actual and much easier to read , but there 's a little bit more work to do to navigate the pages . I got used to it quickly .
 Great product but really , $ 600.00 dollars ? REALLY ? I mean REALLY?I have seen this elsewhere for much less than this so I know if you look around you can find it cheaper than this outrageously ridiculous price . If someone does buy this for this price please let me know what you 're reasoning is for paying that kind of price . Once again I would like to offer some swampland I have for sale to those who are willing to pay such prices ; -RRB-
 This collection , as well as the collections for the other Marvel characters is simply astounding . Not only do you get every Captain America Comic from 1964 to the infamous Captain America Vol V issue 25 Death of a Dream , you get them with the original ads intact , plus the few annuals cap had . This is really a dealand I would highly recommend it to any comuic book fan wanting to catch up on the comic book .
 GIT is doing a great job with these Marvel Comics collections . I bought the Spider-man collection a little over a year ago . Closely followed by X-Men and Fantastic Four . In the past couple weeks I picked up The Incredible Hulk , Captain America and Avengers compilations . I 'm looking forward to the Iron Man disk coming out soon . My only regret is that after I bought the FF collection they came out with a second set with more issues plus the Silver Surfer runs -LRB- I 'm sure to coincide with the movie -RRB- . A few reviewers of these disks have complained that the images are just scans of original comics . All I can say is get over it . You are getting thousands of dollars worth of books for $ 40 or less . You could n't have even bought the first 25 issues of the most recent run on Captain America -LRB- which finish the Captain america disk -RRB- for that . If Marvel was going to re-color and computerize their entire libraries to put on disks , I can guarantee you that they would not sell 40 years worth of a series for $ 40 . They would probably charge that for every 3-5 years worth of the series . I think it 's great that you can see these old comics along with the old ads . I 'm a kid of the eighties so seeing ads for some of the old computer games is really cool . Yes , a few pages have some smudges on them , but whose comics do n't - it just adds to the new age feel of cracking open your old comics that have been boxed/bagged for years.Pros :1 -RRB- years of comics for pennies an issue2 -RRB- simple category menus
 Every issue of my fave , Captain America . I ca n't really complain can I ? It 's pretty awesome to have all of these in one place even if it 's not anywhere near the experience of reading the real thing . However , if you do n't have zillion bucks to shell out for all the originals , this is the next best thing . I love that they are scanned cover to cover -LRB- ads included ! -RRB- and you also get the full Tales of Suspense including Iron Man . I 've read complaints about the DVDs on PCs but I 've had absolutely no problems on my Mac . If you have Acrobat Reader , you 're good to go . So when can we get the Mighty Thor ?
 Great dvd-rom comics from 1960 to 2006 thats to his death . If you like Captain America than get now whal you can its really hard to find new much less used it can be bought for $ 189 wich is much less than that 1,000 price tag it has now . if you ever want to read all the cap you want with the good & the bad this dvd-rom is for you .
 tales of suspense 39-99 where already included in the iron man , so putting in issues 59-99 was n't very necessary . Anyway , this comes with cap 100-454 , v2 1-13 , v3 1-50 , v4 1-32 , and v5 1-12 pretty cool set go ahead and buy it if your a cap fan . The only thing I wish this came with is CAC 1-78 from back in the 40s
 Lots of fun . Have n't done one of these in a long time . 3D puzzles are a big change from the normal puzzles most people do . We enjoyed it very much .
 Bought this train for my nephews 2nd birthday to go with his other Brio trains - he loves it . It is similar to the train in the Beginner Pack we got him last Christmas , but he does n't mind .
 I picked this up Hudsons Treasure Hunt for 6.00 . I was more than pleased with the quality of the toy . It was the perfect addition to our wooden train collection and the paint still looks great after almost a year of use.Overall our Brio toys have held up to a beating and still look brand new . They are worth the money .
 Having this underplate as a spare is a must . Have bought 2 since I keep warping mine . Hit a post at full blast the other day and needed this replacement . Now have them doubled up for extra strength .
 Unfortunately Amazon -LRB- in the US -RRB- does n't sell the Bruder John Deere tractors that you would use with this trailer , however the hitch is compatible with the Ertl John Deere tractors that Amazon sells . This trailer has a great dumping action and makes the tractor twice as much fun to play with . I think that some of the reviewers claim that the Ertl tractor is diecast , but it 's all plastic with construction similar to the Bruder toys .
 my son has had this for a few months now and it looks almost like new . he has played with it some but not alot . he will have his days he wants to play with it and then he will leave it for awhile before he plays with it again . his not easy on toys , his only 2 and he got this for his 2nd birthday and thats been a few months now and its still in great shape .
 This little dump truck is very strong . It carries dirt and mudthrough grass , sand , and mudholes.It has survived the swimmingpool , being stood on , rolled over , buried in mud and left outside for days at a time.It cleans up easily for another dayof hard work catering to the every need of a three year old.I recommend this truck to all kids who like playing in the dirt.It 's strong and is up for anything they can dish out.The truck was smaller than I first thought it would be.But it turnedout to be a great size , for a little kid .
 Very happy with purchase ! Recv 'd on time ! Grandson very happy ! Exactly what wanted ! Would deal with again!Mighty Brute Dump Truck was a great deal !
 We bought this dump truck thinking it was going to be a great sand box toy . The price is awesome but the size of the truck is not . It is very small . In the description it does not even tell you the dimensions of the truck . The truck is going to work great just extremely small , not what we thought we were getting . I guess we should have known by the price . Over all and good toy but not if you want one of those big dump trucks .
 Hi everyone , I just wanted to share my review of this truck . We just bought this for our 31/2 yr old . We were looking for a large metal dump truck and we have found it in this truck . Both our boys wanted some larger trucks they could actually haul and move sand and rocks with and this truck is doing the trick . I will admit , the details stickers are NOT well adhered and some peeled off quite soon after receiving the truck but that does n't affect how the truck works . Also the under carriage is molded plastic with very thin axles but again it seems to be holding up and I believe with normal to a little rough play it should be just fine.Over all , my son loves this truck and we 're happy with the quality and size too . I would suggest it to friends and family .
 This truck has lasted a few seasons outdoors and when washed , you would never know . Great buy !
 Very good quality and much cheaper than you would fine in a big box store . The bed is steel and it seems pretty durable . As stated before , this is not a huge , all purpose , outdoor dump truck . It could be used for that but the bed doesnt hold much due to its size . Its about the size of a toaster oven ... so its not huge but not too small . Overall it is a great dump truck and cheap too !
 I bought this for my nephew for his birthday . It seems to be built very well and should stand the abuse of playing outdoors for years . But just to warn you , the loader made my Mighty Brute is not big enough to empty its bucket in this dump truck . I ordered both at the same time assuming that they could be used together , but apparently the designers did n't think that far .
 Perfect addition to my grandson 's toy truck collection ! Truck is sturdy , ready for lots of play hours on the floor or in the sandbox .
 This will stand up to your rough and tumble kids/grandkids . It 's not as big as some of the larger Tonkas , but is a nice size for a toddler .
 My little great nephew loves it and that what he asked for for Christmas , He will have a great time for along time with it .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my 6 year old grandson ; he specifically requested a cement mixer . He was absolutely thrilled when he opened it , and he plays with it frequently .
 Very happy with purchase ! Recv 'd on time ! Grandson very happy ! Exactly what wanted ! Would deal with again!Mighty Brute Mixer was a great deal !
 Over all i like this truck it is smaller than expected . The crank that turns the barrel works well . Even though its a childs toy , a nice addition to my collection . For the price i recommend it good deal .
 It was smaller then I had expected but that was a good thing . Match box and Hot Wheels are too small and some of the `` trucks '' are too big to store but this was a good size . Can be pushed easily across the floor in my 2 almost 3 yr old hand . Was received in an awesome amount of time even with me ordering it just 10 days before Christmas .
