 Great product - tried others and this is a ten compared to them . Real easy to use and sync 's easily . Definite recommended buy to transfer data to and from your Cell .
 works real good ... a little hard to set up ... web part doesnt work thru handset manager as advertised ... have to go into networking and turn it on
 The price was right for this cable -LRB- $ 11.95 + $ 4.94 S&H ;-RRB- compared with Sony Ericssons offering -LRB- $ 25 + -RRB- . There are a few different prices on Amazon through the same company , MyNetDeals.com , so make sure you get the $ 11.95 one.So I popped the CD in , followed the 2 line . txt instruction file on the disk and ... nothing happened ?!? Well , my phone started to charge . If you have a similar problem you may try what I did.I had previously installed a variety of the S.E. downloadable software on my computer . It took me about 15 minutes of fumbling around , but I made my way to the Phone Monitor Options by opening the catcheventatl.exe in C : \ Program Files \ Sony Ericsson \ Mobile \ Mobile Phone Monitor . From the pop-up window you have to hit the Options button . There may be a better way to get here , but this is how I did it . Go to the COM Ports tab and enable all of the COM ports . It told me it wouldnt enable COM4 because of an IR conflict , but within a few seconds , my phone was recognized , presumably on one of the remaining ports . I may not have had this issue if I installed the software fresh with the cable , but I had previously been using the IR feature to transfer data . The cable is faster than IR , but not tremendously . The big benefit is you dont have to worry about losing line of site and messing up your download.Hope you have success .
 There 's not much to say about a data cable -- it works as expected . I am able to transfer files from my phone to the PC and vice-versa .
 I have a Sony Ericsson K700i , which does n't sell in the US , but after I received the USB Data Cable I have some troubles installing it but soon after those we 're resolved I worked great , I 'm very pleased with my purchase and would highly recommend this product and any other from MyNetDeals -LRB- electro_island -RRB- , it 's really a very big save from buying direct from Sony Ericsson . Thanks ! .
 This is a good cable to have . You do n't need to subscribe to the data service to download/upload pictures and ringtones to your phone . This cable pays for itself in about one month .
 This cable saves me a lot of money . I do n't need to buy stuff online when now I can download it straight to my PC . makes it easy to transfer Pictures , ring tones , contact numbers . It is great to put things on and off . Also great for keeping a back up .
 A great device , I use it with a NOKIA 9300 it is great.I use it during the gym , I can hear my songs and do not waste a call at all.Cons .
 I 've gone through many different bluetooth headphones . This is the first pair I ever bought many many years ago . I 'm wearing them right now . I 've tried the S9 's , S10 's , Jabra Halo , Jabra Sport , Arctic Cooling . That does n't even include the plain old jerk-buds . These look atrocious . My wife hates them . They are still my gold standard.I have a walk that kills BT reception every time on every headset . These only lose the signal for half a step . The Jabra Sport , by contrast , does n't even work when it is set on the table in front of me . The Arctic Cooling headphones are my latest . They are more comfortable , but still lose the signal whenever I walk outside.Yes , I live next to a Cell Tower . So my situation is very stressful for a BT headphone or headset . The BT820s , old school , just work . Period .
 Review is a few years late . Worked great when I had them . You look like a complete dork with them on . Product is archaic now .
 I would like to buy two or more shells , do you offer differents colors to choose from ? wich colors are there ? this is because i would like to pay only one shipping fee . Please answere ASAP .
 This leather cover provides a professional finish for the hand held computer . A yuppie must-have accessory .
 I thought this item was great for the money . If we would have bought it new from Verizon it would have cost 2x or 3x as much . Very happy .
 The charger works fine as advertised . The location of the of the charger inlet on the phone itself is not very good - makes it awkward if you are charging and trying to talk .
 Great case ... cingular should get their cases from this supplier ... cingular 's case is ... sorry ca n't use that word .
 This item came earlier than expected ! It is everything I wanted and more ! I speak Italian , so it was easy to read the instructions . You can change it to English if you like ... SUPER SIMPLE ! GRAZIE !
 I purchased this charger along with the `` Ericsson 1200 mAh Extended Battery '' for my LX588 . I had to return the battery because it does not fit in either of the two slots provided by this charger . Do n't get this charger with the larger 1200mAh Ericsson battery . BTW , the Charger works great with regular sized Ericsson batteries . I like the discharge feature in the back slot .
 Well constructed case , of good quality leather . Looks , works just fine . However , my wife broke the belt clip on hers in under 6 month , I broke mine in under a year . My guess is , if you never dropped your cellphone -LRB- is that possible ? -RRB- you would never have any serious complaints with this case . I 'm here , now , to order another one ... and they 're on sale ! Hooray !
 The cover fits reasonably well , with only slight shifting . It does not obstruct any of the controls , display , the mouthpiece or the earpiece . I really like the clip on the back . I 'm pretty satisfied overall .
 The Motorola StarTAC Hands Free Car kit is outstanding . The speaker audio is loud and clear and the microphone pick up crisp . I have had hands free on my previous car phones and it is the `` way to go '' . The kit is very inclusive and easy to install if you are comfortable with basic electronics and able to take the molding , etc , off your car in order to run the antenna coax , etc. -LRB- External antenna is not included but you really need to get one for maximum performance -RRB- Anyone who has installed a Ham or CB radio will be right at home . The mounting of the holder for the StarTAC cell phone itself may need some modification or you may want to make a bracket in order to get a neat installation.I would suggest that you mount it as high as possible in order to keep it as close to your driving line of sight for safety concerns . Mine worked flawlessly after a 2-3 hour install in a Ford F-150 . Will be mounting one in our Lincoln TC soon . Also suggest that you mount the hands free microphone near the center of the car -LRB- near the rear view mirror or center it on the dash -RRB- so that a passenger can be heard should they speak . A must have .
 The biggest minus is having to remove the phone from the cradle and unplug the cord from the phone to remove from the car . Other than that minor inconvienence it works great
 If you have had an issue with the Jawbone headset staying in your ear , purchase these babies and pick out the one that works best in your ear . Then you can attach it to your Jawbone one of two ways . First is the easiest , take off the twist ear piece and place the Jabra EarGel on . Put it on your ear and find the best position for you . Then place a couple of small -LRB- super tiny -RRB- drops of super glue on the EarGel and the Jawbone . Let it setup overnight and presto ! You have a great bluetooth that stays in place . The other is to take one of the extra ear buds and take it apart and keep the ring . Place that ring inside the EarGel and glue it into place . Keep in mind you must have the correct position so when you put it on that it has the perfect fit once it is twisted .
 I accidentally tore the original factory bud off the aliph jawbone by not reading the instructions first , leaving a locking plastic ring which I saved . I bought the Jabra Clear Gels from ` Radio Snack ' for under $ 5 and replaced the factory bud with this empty plastic ring on the jawbone , then pressed the gel piece over the ring and speaker hole to make a nice factory-like fit to the jawbone and a custom fit to my large ear canal . There was no extreme stretching of the Gel over the thin ring . The new Gel with the factory locking ring holds itself securely in my ear and the sound quality is much improved over the loose fitting factory buds .
 Used these to replace the painfuly uncomfortable original earpads on my Samsung WEP200 Bluetooth headset and they 're a tremendous improvement . Great that they include small , medium and large pads to ensure custom like fit . If not for these I wouldve had to chuck the earpiece in the garbage . They obviously wo n't fit every device out there so you maybe taking a gamble .
 This is an excellent product to use for a bluetooth headset . I use it with the Samsung Wep200 and it fits perfectly . It comes with several different sized gels , which can be shared with family members . This product finally allows me to use my bluetooth without worrying about the headset falling from my ear during normal use .
 These eargels are much more comfortable than the ones that came with my Jawbone 2 . I do n't have to wear the earloop anymore either . Great buy !
 I bought these eargels for my bluetooth , which happens to be a Samsung WEP200 , and it fit it perfectly . Gives great comfort and a perfect fit . Comes with more than just three . Comes with a whole bunch . Highly recommended product
 I had trouble getting good base with the standard ear gels - these work great and fit nicely in my ears .
 Very pleased with EarGels & was surprised how fast they arrived . Certainly makes a big difference in being able to use my Jawbone , which would not stay in my ear with any of the factory supplied ear molds . Jawbone would do well to cut a deal with Jabra to furnish Ear Gels with all their Jawbones . Use it about 75 % more now . Thanks for a good deal & fast shipping .
 Looking for something to work with my Jawbone ICON . The set consists of 3 pairs of eargel -LRB- three sizes -RRB- . Found the size that fit and inserted the ICON . Works OK , but not as snug as I would like on my right ear . Tried the left ear one and it was much better ; fit was better and sound was louder . Tried several types of earphone adapters , and these seem to work better than most . If you have a problem with fit on one ear , try the other one .
 They work fine , keep the Jawbone firmly in the right place , and are almost comfortable . There are 6 in the package
 Works great , fits better . Works with a range of headsets . I use it with a jawbone iciness and a jabra extreme . The gels are comfortable , and fit quite well . Before buying these I was seriuosly thinking of a custoel . Th ese are almost the well fitting . Biggest issue is that the material hardens and may need replaced in about 6 months , but for the price I can live with that .
 The Ear Gel was advertised . They came with pieces for all 3 sizes both left and right . It fit my Jabra BT2080 perfectly . I would definitely buy again .
 The Jawbone bluetooth headset is a great little device , but unfortunately , none of the supplied ear pieces fit comfortable in my ear . I was all ready to return it , when I decided to try these Jabra EarGels . Well , I got them yesterday , and they make a world of difference . The Jawbone now comfortable fits in my ear , the little piece that is supposed to be touching my cheek is doing so . In fact , it is such a good fit I do n't even need the other-the-ear hook any more!The EarGels come in three sizes , and are designed to fit the contours of your ear - not just to be shoved in an held in my force . Why JawBone themselves do n't make something like this to come with the headset is beyond me , but at least Jabra stepped up to fill the void !
 When I searched the net for a more comfortable ear piece for my jawbone era I came across this . I had read several mixed reviews about them . After a few more days of the era falling out my ear or my ear being super sore from the provided gels I took a chance.These are great . They are better than the jawbone ones in every way . They stay in my ear better . They are more comfortable . I can , also , hear the audio better.I give these five stars because they are perfect for me . If I were rating this for other folks I would probably rate it 4 stars because there are only 3 sizes . If you do n't fit one it will be frustrating .
 The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well . I use one set on my iPhone headphones and one on my Jabra Bluetooth .
 These Ear Gels Work Very Well , Comfort Is The Main Reason I Bought Them , Fit The Ear Very Well , The Price Was Right , You Will Not Go Wrong With These Ear Gels , That Is Why I Gave Them Five Stars
 Product works perfectly with jawbone 2 . Ease of use without needing to change anything on ear peice . Will need to decrease volume when using the nanda ear gel . Getting good fit easy with the differen sizes provided . Soft material makes comfortable for extended use , and no need for the ear loop .
 got these for my JB prime ... and they do the trick ... i work outdoors out of my cable van all day ... and this holds my earpiece in place for a couple hours ... till my ear hurts ... the stock one wouldnt hold it in my ear and hurt alot worse ... had to use the round ear piece ... not the one with the hoop in it ... these slid right over ... works great ...
 I purchased this product after searching for ways to make Jawbone fit better . It worked !! Now my Jawbone fits perfectly , not popping/falling out of my ear . Also noticed I did n't need the volume as loud with audio directed into the ear canal . The Jawbone rests perfectly against my jaw for crystal clear conversations . It 's also not necessary to keep the earpiece in the ear at all times while in standby . The eargels make the headset easy to find in your pocket/purse and put in the ear when receiving a call . I do recommend washing the earbuds with antibacterial soap and water prior to use then occasionally to reduce ear tenderness . Make sure to dry it well before putting it back on your bluetooth headset or other device .
 These EarGels make using my Jawbone I for long periods of time much more comfortable . I just put the EarGel over the existing ear button and it fits just right in my ear . No need to push and shove to get it seated and tight . Makes for a better drive when I am not always pushing in on the Jawbone to make sure it stays put . Great addition to any bluetooth earpiece that it will fit .
 I love this product . It holds my headset in my ears in it 's own and I can hear everything . I have small ears so this has always been a problem for me . Great product .
 Ladies and Gentlemen ... . I bought this product to go with my jawbone 2 . and it is GREAT !! With this product I am able to take off the loop that comes with my jawbone and wear it all day without any problems . I actually have to turn the sound down when I wear it because it is loud . It looks so much better without the ear loop . I found the best way to figure out which size to use is to try the ear gels in your ear first until you find the right one . Be careful putting the ear gel over the Jawbone ear piece -LRB- you dont want to tear it -RRB- . There is a chance that these ear gels wont fit your ear but for the price they cost it is worth the gamble . If it fits you 'll find a new level of comfort , sound quality and not to mention it looks a lot better to get rid of the ear loop .
 I hated the fit of my Jawbone 2.0 . It would never stay in no matter which ear loop or ear bud I used . Someone recommended these to me , so I thought I 'd give them a try . After 2 months of using it , I 'm pissed I did n't get them sooner . Before chucking your Jawbone 2.0 , try these .
 I read a few negative reviews and was hesitant to buy the gels . I wish I would have done it sooner . I got six gels , three for each ear and they are incredibly more comfortable than ear loop/hard plastic circles that comes along with the Jawbone . Well worth the money .
 These EarGels are the best solution bar-none to fix the comfort issue with the Aliph Jawbone 2 . They make it possible to leave the jawbone in place for extreme durations . My only concern now is that my jawbone is so comfy and fixed it so well with no weight that I might fall asleep on it or take a sower with it on ! To mod this onto the jawbone I simply removed the earbud O-ring and found the right size eargel for my ear . -LRB- Large in this case -RRB- then got some super glue to paint around where the O-ring attached on the jawbone , then simply placed the jawbone inside the eargel that I fitted on my ear . Left it in my ear for a few hours to dry and done . -LRB- Course I kept wearing it even after those hours were up -RRB- : -RRB-
 I really like these . I like that there are 3 different sizes for each ear . I use the small ones and my husband uses the large ones . It was like they were made just for my ears . I would recommend these even for headphone , not just bluetooth headsets .
 These eargels work with the Aliph The New Jawbone , or Jawbone 2 , or the slim jawbone . I found that the earbuds provided from Aliph did not suit my ear . It was not secure even with the earloop attached . These did the trick . It was a gamble at first since i found barely any reviews on such a product with its compatibility with the New Jawbone , but it worked out for the best . These are not made for the jawbone so you are relying on its snug fit to stay in place . I removed the original eargel and replaced these onto the unit . It is snug enough for me to use without the earloop . Also its design makes the eargel stay in place in your ear . It may be tricky to fit in your ear at first but in time you 'll get the feel for it . It fits my ear perfectly with the largest size . As a bonus you get multiple sizes . This is an excellent solution for those that do n't have the right ear for the original gels provided for the New Jawbone.On another note it attracts dust because it has the silicon feel . Washing with water fixes it right up.This review is based upon purchase through Amazon and ownership for more than half a year .
 These were recommended for use on my Jawbone hands-free headset , and they work great . The variety of sizes and left/right ear options let me find the one that was just right for me .
 I have small ears , so the only one I can use is the small , and it is still not small enough . But the only way I can wear my bluetooth is with the Jabra eargel . So they work pretty good !
 I have a Jawbone 2 from Aliph . Love the headset , but the fit stinks for me . It just would n't securely fit my ears . The Jabra EarGels saved me .
 people should buy headsets to fit these things bc they are so essential . . A must have for any headset that will fit them
 I am very happy with this product . They are very comfortable and come with 3 diffrent sizes that should work for most people . My only gripe is that they do n't fit every single diffrent headset out there . They worked great for mine but I need a new one and I noticed that only about half of the bluetooth headsets out there will fit these .
 Bought them for a Jawbone 2 , but they were too big for the earpiece . I got the minigels
 `` Jabra EarGels are designed to channel sound directly into the ear for perfect reception , so conversations sound clear and natural at both ends of the call . They are made of a translucent = BLUE = , soft material shaped to sit snugly in your ear for a comfortable and secure fit . Jabra EarGels are hygienic and washable and come six in a pack - three sizes for left and right ears . `` That is from the Jabra website . I just added something to the blue so it would stand out and put it in CAPS . That 's probably why you guys are having problems , maybe they are fakes -LRB- the clear ones -RRB- . Thought I would mention it . I have n't bought any but was looking into it . What bluetooth earpieces does it fit ?
 These work great for keeping the earbuds comfortably in place while allowing one to hear others speaking , say in a grocery store . Of course they do not provide audiophile quality sound , but they 're great for listening to podcasts while doing the shopping.The only downside is they are bulky and so do not fit in any earbud holder while not in use . Taking the eargels off to store the earbuds off is possible but difficult enough to be annoying .
 I can not find where to buy my size and which ear I use my eargel . What in the world are you supposed to do with 3 sizes and 3 sides when you most likely will only use 1 size and 1 side ?? The product is comfortable and without the use of a boom mike makes this product number 1 , except for being able to buy the right size eargel replacements .
 I bought these eargels for my bluetooth , which happens to be a Samsung WEP200 , and it fit it perfectly . Gives great comfort and a perfect fit . Comes with more than just three . Comes with a whole bunch . Highly recommended product
 If you have trouble getting your Jawbone to fit like I did , these may be a good solution for you . The largest one worked great for me . I wear it without the ear loop now . However , you can do a number of different combination with/without earloop and with/without the original ear buds attached to achieve your perfect fit . The other nice thing is that these sit in your ear and blocks out more outside noise so you can actually hear better . I found myself turning the volume down a bit after using these .
 I use these with my Jabra bluetooth headset , and it makes it SO much easier to hear . I am on the phone when I drive , and it gets rid of so much background noise . People can hear me great too !
 I 've used these ear gels on several products and have been very pleased with their comfort . I currently use them to on my Aliph Jawbone . They work well and there 's no problem with hearing callers ; however , if you think the Jawbone is difficult to get on with one hand you definitely do n't want to add the ear gels and continue using the ear loop . Using the loop and gels in combination is a 2-handed endeavor and even then can be frustrating when you 're in a hurry . I continue to use the loop because when I used the gel alone , I felt like the earpiece would not stay in securely in my ear . With the loop and the gel , the earpiece is snug and secure , even in the harshest -LRB- I drive a Jeep and take the top off -RRB- winds ; and is comfortable to wear .
 I use these on the Aliph Jawbone so it 's not surprise they 're not perfect matches to each other . The eargels fit over the speaker nub on the Jawbone it 's not exactly secure and I find the eargels fall off occasionally . I was also expecting these to act more like earplugs , that snugly fit in your ear canal but that is n't the case . However , the eagels do fit quite comfortably . I would imagine they 're pretty good on the headset for which they were designed . They 're nice and soft and molded to fit most ears , I would think -LRB- they fit mine pretty well -RRB- . They 're just little pieces of plastic so I 'm not sure what else to say about them . If you 're current headset is uncomfortable , I 'd say go ahead and buy a set of these . They 're not very expensive and you might find a good solution !
 I agree it 's a waste to get sizes you do n't need . Here 's an idea to do a public exchange . I do not need the large and medium , and will be glad to give to anyone , just for the postage . I just need the small sizes .
 I finally settled on my Jawbone Era after using many bluetooth headsets . It is the loudest , clearest , and best noise cancelling headset of all.The only problem is that the earbuds that come with it really such . They do n't fit well and hurt my ear . Also , I do n't like using the earloop to hold it in place.This is where the Jabra eargels come in . Install the Jabra eargel on top of the small or medium earbud of Jawbone , and you 're set.I could n't love my Jawbone Era any more . It fits better . It is louder to the extent I actually have to adjust the volume .
 Although it looks a little bit funny , it is comfortable being worn all day , and there is almost nothing you can do to make it fall out of your ear . The quality of sound is actually increased . Great product .
 Was about ready to send my Jawbone Era back . Then I ordered the Jabra ear gels . Now I can wear my Jawbone all day ! Aliph should include these with the Jawbone headsets . And I intend to tell them ! Jawbone Era is awesome too !
 I BOUGHT THE JAWBONE 2 SOON AS IT CAME OUT . THE JAWBONE 2 CAME OUT WITH SOME '' NEW AND IMPROVED '' EARBUDS , HOWEVER THEY ONLY WORKED FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS . THEN THE JAWBONE 2 WOULD NOT STAY IN MY EAR . THIS WAS EXTREMELY ANNOYING SINCE THE JAWBONE 2 WAS SUPPOSED TO BE `` TOP OF THE LINE '' . THEN I BEGAN TO SEARCH THE INTERNET AND FOUND OUT ABOUT THESE EARGELS . ALL I CAN SAY IS THANK YOU , THANK YOU , THANK YOU . THEY FIT GREAT INSIDE MY EAR ; NO SLIPPING AND SLIDING , HAVING TO CONSTANTLY ADJUST THEM . I PUT THEM IN ONCE AND GO.HOWEVER AFTER WEARING THE SAME EARGEL FOR A COUPLE OF WEEKS ONCE I TAKE THE JAWBONE OUT OF MY EAR THE EARGEL WILL SLIP OFF . THIS HAS NOT BEEN A MAJOR PROBLEM I JUST SLIP THE EARGEL BACK ON WHEN I GET READY TO PUT THE JAWBONE BACK IN MY EAR , AND IT STAYS PUT . THIS PRODUCT IS WELL WORTH BUYING IF YOU HAVE THE JAWBONE 1 OR 2 . THE DIFFERENCE IS NIGHT AND DAY . GREAT PRODUCT !!!!!!!
 I bought these for over my lubix NC1 bluetooth stereo headphones . They fit great and are very comfortable .
 I have a Samsung WEP200 which is a nifty little headset but felt awkward in my ear . These eargels improved both the fit and comfort of my headset . I love that they come in three sizes for each ear so there 's something for everyone . My only beef
 When I ordered these I expected something of much lower quality . These little ear gels transformed my Jawbone Icon from something I wanted to return , into a brilliant little bluetooth . I could not recommend these more . Do n't spend the $ 100 getting a custom molded one , these are just as good !!!
 eargels replaced old and lost ones that came with my blue tooth . they fit well and got ere quicker than expected .
 The item was what it was supposed to be , but I ordered the wrong thing . It was no problem sending it back for a full refund
 Super fast delivery . The last ear loop on my Jawbone had worn out . The large ear gel fit over the Jawbone earbud and , with a little superglue , stays there . It fits in my ear without using any loops . After a full day , the ear is a little tender , but it is getting better the more I use it . I would highly recommend the ear gels for anyone with a Jawbone . Improves sound and the fit of the sensor with the jaw .
 Product arrived much quicker than expected . I have a Jawbone 2 bluetooth earpiece , and I keep breaking the ear-loop , and I could not find replacement parts . Not wanting to give up my Jawbone -LRB- and rather not buy a new one -RRB- I thought I would first give the Jabra EarGels a try ... and I 'm glad I did ! My earpiece not only stays in place without the ear-loop , it just functions better . I CAN NOT shake it off my head . It actually isolates the sound better into my ear . With 6 provided -LRB- 3 left and 3 right -RRB- finding the perfect fit was easy -LRB- you will need to use the original ear cushion in addition to the EarGel for two of the EarGels to fit best with the earpiece -RRB- - all and all ... a five-star product , and company !
 I could n't get a good fit out of the original Jawbone ear buds or the `` new '' Jawbone ear buds . These ear gels are comfortable and work great .
 I bought these to go with the Jawbone 2 because the ear piece they use will not stay in your ear and the loops that go over your ear just does not fit.These are great and they set in your ear nicely .
 While I loved the sound of my Jawbone II headset , it would not remain secured with the eargels provided . These Jabra eargels work wonderfully and keep the headset comfortably and securely in my ear .
 Bought these for my Aleph Jawbone IPROS
 I have a motorola H695 bluetooth which I managed to adapt to use with the eargels , what a difference ! I can hear better , I threw out the ear loop which I no longer need at all . The earpiece stays in very well . I use a large one with the bluetooth and I used the medium ones for my earphones which cuts out more of the background noise so I need less volume . The come with a set of three sizes sm med lg for both ears so you get 6 all together . Normally I have a problem with the earbud type earphones irritating my ear so I was suprised that the large eargel fits my ear the best .
 I have been using in-ear bluetooth devices for a couple of years . My wife and daughter -LRB- of the small ear canal clan -RRB- had opted for over the ear designs because of fit and comfort issue . As it turned out , neither of them used their ear buds because of the loose/insecure fit and feel of the ear hanger design . The Jabra gels resolved that problem by ` sizing down ' to match their diminutive ears ... . It would be nice if you could order by specific size -LRB- s-m-l -RRB- and side -LRB- l-r -RRB- rather than getting the ` variety pack ' .
 This product arrived with 6 Ear Gels . S , M , & L for the left ear as well as the right . The gel material is very comfortable , and the fit is great . I highly recommend this product .
 I 'm using the largest of the 3 sizes of EarGels that came with the shipment and it works great on my Jawbone headset . Just pop the existing earpiece off the Jawbone , fit this on , and you 're done . It 's comfortable , easy to insert in my ear , and fits snugly which allows me to remove the badly designed ear clip that comes with the Jawbone . The sound is also much better than before.Clever little accessory and highly recommended .
 I used these pieces on my Samsung WEP200 . removed the supplied piece and slipped these on . Fit perfectly on the device . Holds well in my ear . Creates a little bit of pressure/discomfort on the `` wing '' at the top during extended wear . Still a very good product IMO .
 I bought these ear pieces to adjust the JAWBONE bluetooth headset I purchased earlier , and on the advice of others who use the headset . They fit perfectly on the JAWBONE and help set this device solidly to your ear . The fit is perfect and the comfort is awesome!Worth every penny !
 You can avoid the annoying over the ear adapter and switch to a partial in the ear gel that allows you to hear the message clearly in almost all reasonable situations without high volumes . It does a pretty good job staying in place , too . I have used the same adaptor for years with my old corded Jabra and car conversations have never been easier . If you do n't mind having something in your ear this is great .
 These really do make wearing a jawbone a lot better for me . The only problem I found with them is that you have to buy so many just to get the one that fits right .
 I looked for these all over town for my bluetooth headset . . Very happy to find them here and at such a great price ! Arrived in a few days and really improved the quality of the sound in the headset . Thanks
 I loved the product that was sent to me.I liked that it was sent in a timely manner.I learned that it was not the best fit for me but , it fit great in the ears.The jawbone just did n't rest properly on my cheek . Worth a try though .
 I got these for my Jawbone as the included earpieces were horrible . The ear gels actually made the Jawbone audible in noisy environments . If you work or play anywhere it is loud , you need these ! I have since upgraded these to a custom earpiece , but if I had n't gotten the Jabra 's , I most likely would have chucked the Jawbone as unusable !
 Received my jabra war gels and connected it to my blue tooth and it was very clear to hear . Will order other items from your site .
 Amazing ! Now my jawbone headset finally stays in my ear ! Just attach the jabra eargel to the smallest round jawbone piece for a perfect fit .
 Did n't like the earloop that comes std with the BlueAnt bluetooth headset so I purchased a package of the eargels . My earpiece now comfortably fits in my ear and I can hear the call much better . It took a couple of tries to figure out which was the right size to use , so I was thankful for the variety . It takes a couple of days to get used to -LRB- feeling was slightly annoying at first -RRB- but the trade offs are totally worth it and my ear got used to it in no time .
 My dad enjoys the earplug . The headset does n't fall out of his ear now .
 I bought these for my Jawbone and it makes my Jawbone so much better and functional . It gives you a choice of three sizes -LRB- one of each size per ear -RRB- . I thought they worked great and really helped keep the sound in my ear . The did move on the Jawbone a bit but I could fix that with a little glue if I wanted .
 Got this for my daughter 's birthday to go with her ipod , because earbuds hurt her ears . She loves them .
 Jawbone Bluetooth Headset with NoiseAssassin-Jawbone II -LRB- Black -RRB- -LSB- Retail Packaged -RSB- Jawbone Bluetooth Headset with NoiseAssasin-Jawbone II -LRB- Silver -RRB- -LSB- Retail Packaged -RSB- These ear buds fir snugly over the stem of the Jawbone II and fit snugly , comfortably in my ear . They were necessary for me to use the Jawbone as it requires both good ear fit and good jaw contact to work at all . Many , like me , can not achieve both fits with the ear loops and buds that come with the Jawbone.In a perfect world there would be a Jabra gel half way in size between medium and large , but either works well for my ear . I suspect most ears would find a comfortable functional fit with at least one of the three sizes they sell -LRB- 3 sizes , left and right per package -RRB- . They only cost a few dollars .
 hearing your ear piece makes it comfortable and easy to put in your ear . Callers voice is clearly heard through this ear adapter
 This eargels are the best during workouts , they do n't slide out like the other earbuds . I recommend that everybody use this .
 THESE ARE EXCELLENT COMPARED TO THE PREVIOUS EARGEL DEVICES THAT WERE AVAILABLE . IF YOU HAVE DIFFICULY GETTING THEM TO STAY IN YOUR EAR , IT TAKES A LITTLE PRACTICE TO GET USED TO THEM , BUT THE TROUBLE IS WORTH IT DUE TO THE QUALITY OF SOUND YOU GET WITH THESE GEL EAR PIECES.GREAT PRICE , AND THE ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE DIFFICULTY TRYING TO GET THESE IN MY EAR TO GET USED TO THEM.THANKS AMAZON
 Wow ! This things are amazing ! They fit perfectly in my ear . You can hardly notice them when you wear them . They improove sound quality and volume!I 've used them on stereo headsets , and on my WEP 500 Bluetooth headset . They never fall off!It 's a must get for in ear bluetoot or stereo headsets.Two thumbs up !!!!!
 I wanted an in ear blue tooth headset but could n't get them to stay in . these made it work !
 The product arrived as expected . The ear gels fit the JawBone well and were perfect for ill perfect ears .
 I bought these to use on a Samsung WEP200 blu-tooth head set . The one I am using , works fine and fits the Samsung properly . It is much more comfortable than the thingy that came on the Samsung . I must say , it is a shame to buy something that comes in a pack of six and you can only utilize one or two out of six . It should be sold in multiple packs , all of the same size .
 Length :
 I was in hell with my Jawbone until I got these . I think I need to glue the thing on with a little Superglue , which I have n't . I keep it in a little pouch in my purse with my phone so it does n't matter if it falls off ... but gluing it on would fix it . But it makes my Jawbone fit perfectly and stay in my ear , and no earloop -- I 've removed the dumb earloop altogether . You have to experiment with the sizes and play around with the fit at first , then it becomes second nature.Oh , and you have to remove the Jawbone earthingy -- the rubbery piece -- which is accomplished easily enough by turning it and pulling it off . It 's on a little track , and turns like a jar lid .
 Works Perfectly with Jawbone II . Jawbone is the best on the market , bar the impossible to fit into the ear gel.This takes care of it . Jawbone ! Take note , or reduce your prices by 10 Bucks , so that your customers do n't have to spend extra on top of already hefty price.STRONGLY RECOMMEND to ALL Jawbone earpiece victims ?
 If you take the ear bud off the Jawbone and try to attach the Jabra Eargels , they wo n't stay on very well . Instead , notice that the Jawbone comes with two round earbuds that appear to be identical . Tear the rubber shroud off one of them to expose the round plastic piece inside of it . Take this plastic piece and lock it onto the Jawbone -LRB- read user 's manual -RRB- . The Eargels will slip over this piece and hold quite firmly to the headset . Notice also that the Eargels have a square notch on the inside . Point the notch toward the back of the Jawbone . This will align the piece properly with the ear.The Eargels allow the Jawbone to be securely held in the ear without the annoyingly difficult earloop , but cause a little discomfort in my ear because I have to use the larger pieces . With the earloop , I can use the smallest piece and the Eargels are very comfortable .
 I purchased a Samsung WEP200 Bluetooth headset for my wife for Christmas . She liked it okay , but the OEM ear pieces did a poor job of holding the headset in her ear-it kept falling out , and she had difficulty hearing calls . I noted in Amazon 's reviews for the item that some customers had bought Jabra EarGels to rectify the problem , so I took the suggestion to heart and purchased a set for her . As advertised , the EarGels resolved the issue
 I recently purchased a Jawbone bluetooth headset . Works great . Ear fit was a little loose and I found myself pushing it more into my ear to hear better . Having seen the suggestions and other reviews to use the Jabra Clear Ear Gels , I decided to try some . Got them yesterday and could n't get them to fit . Read some more reviews this morning and saw that you have to play with them a bit . So I did . I found out that the set I got had a few different sizes BUT all of them except 1 were formed for use in the right hand ear ! I have poor hearing in my right ear so usually use my left for phone conversations . I was able to use the one for the left ear and get it to fit pretty well . I do n't know if it is the best fit cause I could n't compare any other size . I did remove the 1/4-turn ear piece that came with the Jawbone and stuck the Jabra directly onto the stem . After removing the ear loop , it seems that the modified Jawbone will stay in my ear and I can remove it a certain way so that it does n't slip off . If I use the earloop , the Jabra ear gel slips off when taking it off my ear . Is comfortable but I have n't used it for a long time yet .
 I love these eargels . My ears are a funny shape and I ca n't wear regular earbuds , but when I add these gels , they fit great and do n't fall out . They block outside noise and make the sound quality like those expensive sound-isolating earbuds . Sometimes I need a Small , and sometimes I need a Medium , depending on the day , the weather , and how long I use them . -LRB- I gave the Large size to my boss , and he loves them too , so do n't say you ca n't use all of the sizes , guys . -RRB-
 With three different sizes and both left & right options , almost everyone should be able to find a good fit within this package . Without a properly fitted earbud , the Jabra headsets just do n't work well . I suggest you pick these up at this price , because they * do * tend to fall off every once in a while and disappear under the car seat . Having a spare on hand is a must .
 I bought these to use in place of the earpieces that were included with the Jawbone . With these I am able to remove the bow that goes over the ear and just wear it in my ear . The Jawbone does not fall out of my ear , and I walk all over work without risk of losing it .
 This work with the Samsung WEP200 like they were specifically designed for the earpiece . The two together are the perfect bluetooth earpiece purchase .
 These ear gels saved my life ! I purchased a Samsung WEP-200 bluetooth headset and it was so unconfortable that it made my ear sore after wearing . I ordered these ear gels and they are a perfect fit for the samsung ear plug . These made the WEP-200 bearable to wear all day .
 The problem that plagues the Jawbone is the fit . With these ear gels , the problem is gone and I do n't need to use the ear hook . You will need to make sure that that the gel piece on the Jawbone touches your cheek and you will be good to go.I am using the Large sizes for my ears . Does anyone want to trade for the other sizes
 Excellent product . I was having difficulty hearing and also getting a comfottable fit with the included ear hook that came with my Jabra JX-10 Series II Bluetooth headset . I removed the hook and attached one of the 6 gels that came in the pack to the headset and found that the volume increased 40 % and I was able to achieve a comfortable fit . The headset is small enough and light enough that the gel holds the headset in the ear . I was about to give up on this headset -LRB- and all earhook type Bluetooth headsets -RRB- prior to getting the gels . If you are looking for a comfortable -LRB- and econimical -RRB- alternative for earhook type headsets , I strongly recommend that you give these a try . They are well worth the price .
 These are really good eargels . They allow you to not to have to put the earbud into your ear . They rest on the outside of your ear . They are very soft and nicely fit into your ear . They also focus your earbuds sound into your ear even though they rest on the outside .
 I recently purchased a Aliph Jawbone BT headset . # 1 BT Headset on the market IMHO . I was n't wild about the piece that goes around your ear however . I never have been . So I picked up a pack of the Jabra EarGels . Best decision of my life . I pulled the plastic ring that snaps onto the Jawbone out of one of the earpieces that comes with it and stuck it inside the EarGel . Snapped it onto the Jawbone , and bingo . Instant comfort . Ca n't go wrong . Great product !
 The ear gels fit well with the bluetooth that I have . I put it over top of the black ring on the bluetooth and it fits well . I really would like the bluetooth product I have to make a more snug ear piece .
 These came in a tiny ziploc bag with no retail label . Not as big a deal as had this issue been instead with the headset that they are going with , but still ... It 'd have been nice to have known what to expect .
 Fast and the right thing that I was looking for , no problemsGood stuff , my selection was the best , no dissapoitmentsThank
 Purchased the Jawbone bluetooth headset . It was just not comfortable , but with these all is great now . Could not ask for a better set of earpieces . Great use of my money to get these .
 From all the reviews and product info on Amazon , it was hard for me to tell if these were meant to work with any other headsets besides the JawBone . I went ahead and ordered and very glad I did . These work great on my Jabra BT530 . Comfortable fit , holds securely , much more satisfied now with using BT , just wish they did n't make me look so douchy . Just too darn handy .
 The Jarba EarGels are a great help when it comes to fully enjoying your bluetooth headset . With most of the earbud design being round , which is not really shape for the human ear . The Jabra Eargels really brings more of a natural fit , and they do n't even require the use of a earloop . Great Product !
 This was n't what I thought it was -LRB- which was my mistake -RRB- but the product was delivered as promised in new condition .
 Using the Jabra eargels over my Jawbone.I can omit the ear hook , and it sounds much better than the manufacture 's product.Looks a little scary out of the ear , but ears are not a `` manufactured item '' .
 Bought these based on a recommendation from another site for a badly shaped earplug for a headphone I bought . The three sets -LRB- sizes -RRB- are really nice in that it allows some variety . The shape of these really funnel the sound into your ear , which is nice and helps with outside sound . The fit in the ear means that it will hold most headsets in your ear comfortably without a hook or other method from the headset.The nodule on the bottom fits over most earpiece sized rods - I 've easily put it over one as big as a in-ear headphone jack and as small as the rod on my LG headset from work -LRB- which was far too small for every other one I found -RRB- .
 I have not really had a chance to use these but my daughter states that it works for her very well .
 purchased jabra ear gels as a last resort before replacing my bluetooth headset . what a great decision ! jabra gels was the answer i was looking for . comfort , and a snug fit in one tiny lil ' pc . of `` gel '' . i recommend these to everyone .
 We go through these ear buds like crazy . Everyone loves the soft , comfortable feel .
 I no longer have to press the bluetooth into my ear . I just attached it and went about my business .
 I purchased the Jabra Ear Gels as a companion purchase with the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset . They work great and allow you to get a perfect fit without having to use the annoying earloop on the Jawbone .
 I bought this for my blue tooth as I had read the it would fall off my ear without this . I surely so , I am happy I bought it at the same time . I have no problems with it and it fits perfectly . It does not affect the clarity of the conversation at all . very good !!!!!
 The Jabra Eargels are wonderful . . I can not believe how comfortable , and user friendly they are . Thank you , if not for these , I could not use my bluetooth.Great Merchandise . .
 a little uncomfortable but the only way my bluetooth headset would stay in my funny little ears .
 man these are great!when i got my earpiece it was killing my ear , but now they feel great
 Husband loves these Gels . We had a hard time finding them anywhere else ... Thanks Amazon .
 These are very good and not expensive.You buy these at Staples and they charge $ 5 more.I agree that a public exchange is needed . If anyone knows of one , can you please post that information here . We 'll all appreciate it!Anybody want to trade the extras ?
 These work great and they fit more than just the Jabro products . They fit most standard ear buds . I use mine on my Bluetooth ear piece and the sound really does funnel into your ear canal , and it fits well enough that I no longer need the annoying over ear piece to hold it in place .
 All I have read about these was pretty much true . You can remove the rubber piece and press these over the part that it was attached to and they will stay , but they do come out with a little tug . A fine line of rubber cement will fix that though , and it peels off if necessary . But the great thing is that they will hold the Jabra in your ear without the ear loop . And that 's huge , especially for someone like me with really weird shaped ears that nothing else -LSB- except an over the head headset -RSB- seemed to work . All in all worth the cost easily . I just wish you could order multiple pieces in one size only . If I lose the 1 that fist my ear I have to buy a 6 pack again just to get the one that I need .
 Great MiniGels . I use it on my Jawbone Bluetooth & it fits great . Also , the Company was very helpfull in getting me the right fit.Thank you JabraDiane
 My boyfriend purchased these eargels based on other reviews on the Jawbone BT headset which indicated that these could assist with fit issues . I have not personally used the eargels , but my boyfriend loves them and is glad that he can wear his Jawbone comfortably and securely by using them . Amazon is a good place to buy these as we could not find them in traditional stores like Best Buy et al. .
 The small pair fit like a glove , and I have small ears . The sound quality is not diminished at all either . I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for a better and more comfortable fit .
 For me , it fits well on my jawbone1 . I just had to take off the jawbone ear hanger and ear piece , and put this rubber earpiece over it . When it 's in my ear , I can jump up and down -LRB- not that there 's a usual reason to -RRB- and it does n't come off . I 'm using the largest size for the right side . Just do n't keep it in the car when it 's hot outside , the rubber might get a little soft and come off the Jawbone . let it cool and it 's back to normal .
 They make using the Jawbone 2 worth it . After doing research about the Jawbone 2 I had read that users bought the EarGels with the blutooth and said they were life savers . Definitely worth the money .
 Like many others , I purchased the Jabra EarGels because I could n't get myJawbone 2to stay securely in my ear . No mater which size earloop I tried , the Jawbone would flap against the side of my face as I walked . As a result , the ` noise assassin ' sensor would n't touch my face , mitigating the benefit it should have had.Pros : + Jawbone now fits securely in my ear , even without the ear loop + Incredibly comfortable + Sound seems ` clearer ' now that the speaker fits snugger in my ear and the noise assassin sensor touches my face.Cons : + The silicon is n't perfectly clear , and the yellowish tinge makes them look dirty + Much larger than I thought they would be - they 're quite conspicuous .
 I have a jabra bluetooth that I just could not get to sit on my ear correctly . It sat in the drawer never being used with the addition of the ear gels not only can I use it but now it is comfortable .
 turned out good . took a little bit to get used to it but works fine no loop anymore required which is good considering I broke all the other ones I had . Oh and once you get them -LRB- they come in a package of three for three different ear sizes , small , medium and large -RRB- you can super glue it on to your jawbone for a little more stability because for the jawbone the eargel can be a little loose . oh and its much louder then the stock ear adapter deal that comes with the jawbone . for me it was too loud with my krazer cell phone . I had the volume setting for as low as it would go and it was still blasting my ear drum . I ended up wodding up a piece of paper and sticking in there to baffle the volume . works near perfect now . .
 It 's great for the PS3 headset . So comfortable ... No more will I have to switch my ears because the hook was digging into my ear lobe . I ca n't even feel them in there , they 're so comfortable . Little confusing at first , but once you take the time and look at them , they 're phenomenal .
 It sounds great . I did n't think it would sound as good as the aftermarket piece from Unitech but it does . It would be nice if the next generation worked in my office too .
 I have tried three other handsfree kits for the 8500 and none of them worked very well . I hesitated at first because of the price , but I later decided that I desevered to have reliability and good sound quality . The kit does require some hard wiring , but I was able get everything going in less than an hour . Passengers will have to speak loudly to be heard , but it works great for driving alone .
 This is a must have for anyone that spends a lot of time in their vehicle . I had used all of the plug in ear accessories and they work well for short conversations and a short period of time . However , nothing compares to this . You place the phone in the cradle and thats it , it does the rest . While the phone is in the cradle , and the ignition is on , it is being charged . The phone can also be set to answer on its own when a call comes in and it will even mute the radio . I give this an excellent rating .
 This device works great ! The speaker is hidden under the dash and it still sounds perfect . The microphone does not have any feedback and picks up anyone 's voice anywhere in the car . The external antanne -LRB- supported but not included -RRB- is great as the typical cell phone reception in my area is weak . I also like the small personal handset for private conversations . I did my own installation but would recommend hiring it done unless you have done something like this before -LRB- tapping into the fuse box , mounting hardware in a car , pulling wires under the dash -RRB- . A reasonable installation charge would be between $ 50 and $ 100 -LRB- it 's not easy -RRB- . I had to purchase an additional `` post '' to mount the cradle to as I could not find a suitable place to use the mount provided with the kit . This is a great unit and looks very professional when installed . Only problem is after using mine , everyone else in my family wants one !
 This is one product that you 'll wonder how you survived without it . It is very well integrated with the phone . Has antenna jack in cradle for external antenna -LRB- really needed in my area -RRB- , automatic charger when you put the phone in the cradle , volume control on phone when talking is adjustable with the up and down buttons on phone , can control your car stereo to turn it off when phone in use , handset for private conversations.Note
 Very good product . Would suggest this to anyone . Buy it soon !!!
 I bought and installed the Nokia car kit -LRB- CARK-91 -RRB- for my Nokia phone . Now , it is a real pleasure and quite safe to talk and drive . I often hold conference calls in my car on the way into the office . When travelling with the family , we often call the grandparents because it is the one place where everyone can join in the call at once . And the car kit is almost invisible with all but the cradle hidden behind the dashboard panels . The cradle is strong and sturdy , and , with the phone attached , does not look out of place next to the steering wheel . Combined with Nokia 's quick dial features , the car kit makes using a phone in the car relatively safe .
 I use this phone holder every day on my commute , in conjunction with an auto charger and hands-free earset . I find it indispensable in securely fastening the phone in place , yet easily removable . It makes one-hand dialing easy , and I do n't have to worry about the phone sliding around because of sudden turns or stops . One word of note
 Once again Nokia had their end user in mind when they designed a simple , useful and durable product in their mobile phone holder . I used it for over a year before I sold my car with the phone holder installed in it . I hope the new owner is using a Nokia phone , because I miss it . I have purchased a complete car kit and will install it in my new car this weekend , but in the meantime while I am fumbling with my phone in the car , -LRB- of course I 'm using a headset -RRB- , I realize how great the holder was . -LRB- ... -RRB- There is nothing to think about except
 Nokia data cables are great ! THey work well and they last long . You can even download ringtones for the phone !
 Like most cell phone users , I had two chargers for my phone
 I got an amazing price on this product and it was exactly what I wanted . The product was shipped and I received it in record time . Thanks for such great customer service .
 Bought this charger to pair my Infiniti G35 to my Motorola Krazr . Works like a charm ...
 i love this car charger ! i like how it lights up blue that way you know its on and working ! i also love the fact that it works even when the car is turned off . how cool is that ?
 This charger works great on my Motorola RAZR V3M , but I 'd just like to point out that this is NOT as pictured . The M on the front of the cigarette lighter jack does not light up blue , but rather there is a blue LED beneath the M . This is obviously , as another reviewer stated , a knock off of the original . I 'd purchase this again however , as it 's $ 3 instead of the $ 8 for the one with the light-up M.
 I have n't tried this yet . But it looks good . . came in a cheap packing , maybe because its a OEM and also the fact that how much can you expect for $ 2 . The shipping and handling were more costly than the actual item . Anyway as one of the review said , it is not different from what is shown on the website and I assume it will also work without any problem . .
 highly recommended !! It arrived fast and is excellent quality . Works like a gem !
 This product is very helpful considering that the Razr is ALWAYS DYING !!! I highly recommend .
 Only regret was that ship/hand . was 3 times what the product was - poor planning on my part - but I needed it . It 's nice to be able to get the real Mfg. products here thru Amazon !
 It charges both my wifes razor and mine . In really short periods .
 It is the same product as the $ 30 chargers you get from Cingular , Verison , etc. . . It works great !
 This product was delivered by provider on time and the quality is better the original I bought directly from my cell phone provider and way cheaper ! The only down side is that the cord is short so it is difficult to talk on the phone while it 's charging -LRB- unless you are hands free -RRB- .
 product is great . works like it 's supposed to . order processing and shipment speedy and efficient
 This car charger is better than my original one purchased with my phone . It works extremely well and it fit perfectly in my AC outlet .
 Great charger , works fine . Second one I bought but this one does not light up blue like the first one , it only has a small blue LED on the front .
 This product works great . Have n't had any problems like with other car chargers I 've used for the razr V3 .
 Works great . Someone has mentioned in his review that the Motorola symbol on the end of the charger should light up blue and mine does . If it is a knockoff I would n't know . Would definately purchase from them again .
 OEM car charger so it fits well , seems to work well too . No problems with it so far .
 Had had this for almost a month -- works just fine.Pros : -- Charges the phone -- Ca n't beat the priceCons : -- Cord is a little short , might not be great if you drive an Army truck .
 I have not had any problems out of this charger and I was extremely satisified with the price .
 Love this when you are on the run and you forget to charge your cell phone at home . Use it a couple of times so far . Well worth the money !
 Very good product . Its been a month I am using two of them in two cars and its working great . never imagined will get a car charger for $ 2.00 compared to the stores who sell it in $ 20.00 .
 Ordered 2 . One worked and the other did n't . Contacted Company who sent another at once . Got it i a few days and did n't have sent the broken one back . That saved me a lot of time . will do more orders with them in the future .
 It 's nice having this in the glove box for over night trips . I would recommend everyone have one for emergencies .
 Good product same as the one that we can buy at the store in addition the delivery was on time
 Woks fine and charge your phone . I guess that 's the most impotant thing . I ' t looks cheap and I guess it is because it 's cheap . When you conected the Motorola logo -LRB- big M -RRB- lights bright blue . This can be anoying and distracting for some people while drving at night . Still works and does the job .
 I am very satisfied with my car charger . It was well priced for the quality of the item
 Bought one for each car and they work just fine . For the price , you ca n't beat it .
 The car charger I ordered and got works great with my phone , but when I got it , it did n't look like the one the seller had pictured . He said it was on OEM . The one I received just had a small blue dot that lit up . The charger does look like it would be an OEM . I read from one seller that the one with the small blue dot was the newer model but I just checked the Motorola site and the one with the all blue glowing top is still the one they show . Reading a review by another buyer on another sellers site I found he had the same problem I did . So you may get the charger that is actually pictured and you may not depending on the seller . -LRB- Charger works great the reason for the 4stars and not 5stars is the charger did not look like the one pictured . If you really want what is pictured you may want to ask the seller if it is the one pictured , if you do n't care what it looks like and just want one that works good then you can just order it -RRB-
 It 's cheap , eforcity delivers quickly , however , may not actually be OEM . All of the OEM chargers I 've seen -LRB- model number SYN0847 -RRB- has glowing stylized `` M '' motorola logo . This item , however , does not ; it only has a small blue led underneath the `` M '' that glows when it 's plugged in . All of the other labeling on the charger looks authentic Motorola . Maybe a really good knockoff ? Anyway , does the job just fine -LRB- see title -RRB- , and , again , it beats paying $ 20 at cingular .
 Works perfectly and definitely ca n't beat the price . So glad I did n't go to Verizon and pay full price . Totally not necesary .
 geniune motorola product . works just like it should . No more problems with no-name chargers and the `` INVLD CHARGER '' message . using on a v323 .
 Exactly as advertised , for one-quarter the price locally . Genuine Motorola .
 This is an awesome deal ! Charger works great and you ca n't beat the price .
 The charger works great and has a nice design . The cord could be a little longer , so you could use the phone more easily while it 's connected to the charger .
 The charger is Motorola orignal Car Charger and it 's working fine . it is really worth the price .
 This charger works very well and is a great buy for the money . The Blue `` M '' is a nice touch . I would highly recomend .
 Great device for charging all your Motorola products on the go .
 Charger was exactly as advertised and it was shipped promptly . Great deal , do n't hesitate to buy it .
 I bought this charger which has proved to be true to the word-very efficient and functioning without any hitch .
 This phone charger works great just as I expected . I 'd recommend it to anyone that needs one .
 This product works great and looks good too . This is my second -LRB- for my wifes -RRB- , I have had mine for almost 10 months with no problems .
 Interesting shape and blue light that glows when this unit is plugged into the cigarette lighter . Ca n't believe that I 've paid 5x as much for off brand car chargers in the past . Some have come apart , some have stopped working after shorting out . This Motorola charger feels like a quality piece and appears to be one that will last . Have no idea why anyone would buy an off brand when you can have legendary Motorola quality with a cool looking shape/light . Ca n't think of one thing that would improve this charger . The price is the best part !! Highly recommend !
 This product is just what they said it would be and was received within 3 days of ordering . I would definately order this again .
 I was skeptical at these prices but I ordered 3 motorola accessories from bargaincell and they were all authetic Motorola pieces . Charger , car charger , case - all OEM . Delivery and communication a bit weak , but worth the wait to save $ $ $
 works amazing in my car without any problems . Lights up a bright blue when charging and actually chargers my phone up .
 The car charger that you I ordered works great . I am sorry that I did not try your web site earlyer . Thank You .
 My parents use this and it 's made by motorola . No issues with it what so ever
 This Motorola phone charger for the car works great ! There is a blue light that lights up when the ignition is turn on . -LRB- blue is my favorite color . -RRB- the cord is not too long , but long enough for you to chat comfortably on . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a motorola razor phone . The price was unbeatable so cheap.When I ordered it , it arrived so fast that I could not believe it . Once again great product .
 Wow now I can charge my phone in my car.Product as stated , works fine .
 It 's cheap , it works , it seems to be a legit Motorola product , it 's a life saver . Get It .
 This was just what I needed and it came in a timely fashion . Thanks .
 Yep . Motorola knows how to make an automobile power cord . Has a convenient on off light that you 'll never miss . It 's big and bright .
 This Motorola product is perfect . This cigarette lighter charger is as advertised , priced very low and is everything I expected .
 Este producto satisface plenamente mis necesidades ya que no ha sido la experincia de usar algunos accesorios genericos que luego de usarlos da & ntilde ; an el equipo.Este mantiene mi equipo 100 % cargado cuando voy de viaje en la carretera si sobre carga ni fallas en la coneccion de carga
 I own two of these chargers , which even with shipping charges are a fraction of the cost of those available in retail stores ... even discount stores ... and I do n't see any difference between the performance of these and the expensives ones .
 My family got new phones for Christmas . They all needed cigarette lighter adapters and I was n't going to pay ALLTEL 's prices for an off brand product . I got the real Motorola deal and for just a few dollars.Great product !
 I have already used this item several times . It is quick and efficient . I have not had any problems . I am glad I purchased it . I 'm not a technically inclined person so it is simple to use . I was pleased with the quality of the product . It was shipped very quickly and arrived at my home within a couple of days . I was impressed with this also .
 great product works great i am using it with a razr v3xx i all ways use motorola chargers saves your battery i would buy again if needed
 Awesome speedy delivery and works awesome no problems whatsoever with this sellers product . Will be sure to use them again in the near future .
 I 've bought three of these now , the first dating back to nearly 2 years ago . They all continue to function perfectly . Originally I purchased this for my Razr V3 , but since then have used it to charge a Krzr , and a few USB-powered smartphones.High quality construction -LRB- as far as cheap plastic chargers go -RRB- , and significantly less than you 'll be charged at a wireless carrier 's store for an identical product.A +
 For the money I spent , it 's in great shape . I got a 30 dollar phone charger for 5 . Arrived quickly and well packaged . Only complaint is that it 's a little worn , but it IS used , and it still works so it 's ok .
 Not much to say about it . It works and that 's all I care about . Well worth the couple bucks !
 The items where really better than I expected for this price , it beats paying 40 dollars a piece for them at the phone store . They hold a charge as good or better than the orginal .
 I am very , very pleased with the car charger . It came packed very well and in a very timely manner . The price was great compared to retail stores . No worries now when traveling long distances .
 The product was received quickly , and the product is exactly as described and works well .
 I had previously purchased a similar item from a well-known chain store whose name ends in '' - Mart '' . After about two weeks , the charger no longer worked . After making my purchase through Amazon , I 've been totally pleased with this charger . I have not had any problems what-so-ever ! I would definitely purchase from seller again !
 Some people have complained they did n't get the item as advertised . I ordered this and get exactly what it 's supposed to be . It works as advertised .
 it 's a charger - it charges your device - i dont even know what else to write - i actually use this one for my blackberry , not a moto device but since this has a regular mini-usb connector and accompanying voltage , it should work on any device that takes a mini-usb charger
 Wish all chargers had coiled cords like this on has , stays out of the way . Very nice looking unit , well made and works great .
 This thing works great . I had a friend ship a similar charger from a T-mobile store and it died after a few weeks . This has been great so far and the small lock makes the wire so much more manageable and tidy .
 I purchased this product with skepticism because it was so inexpensive.The auto car charger is constructed well and seems to be made with good materials . I have used it for a month and it charges the phone as expected . This is how much an auto adapter should cost and not the ridiculous price that Motorola and it 's resellers charge .
 I ordered this charger for use with my wife 's Motorola Razr V3 phone . I have had problems in the past with some chargers not working with this phone , perhaps due to the wiring within the USB connector . I received this charger within a couple days of ordering it , and it works perfect with the Razr .
 I 've hed this for at least 1 year and it stll works . Fast charge better then pluging in at home . Quality is good great value .
 Item was recieved in good time and am very pleased with the product sent . Do n't know why anyone would shop anywhere esle . I wo n't when I need something I know were to go no looking around anymore .
 I recieved it quick it qorks . Motorola Razr V3 , V3i , V3c , Slvr L7 , L6 , L2 Pebl U6 , V190 , Mpx200 , V360 , V323 , V325 - Ch710 OEM Original Auto Car Charger Syn0847
 this was good buy as my wifes phone would need charging so more convienient to charge in car , then her taking plug in charger from home .
 This motorola car charger is pretty quick and faster then my normal charger . I would recommend
 Not much to say -- it 's an inexpensive , effective charger for your car . Particularly useful for the Razr V3m 's worthless battery life .
 Love phone . Sleak design and not over burden with bells and whistles . However , Amazon and Cingular -LRB- AT&T -RRB- need to better coordinate the option of extending your Cingular contract with purchase of new phone from Amazon . Cingular over charged me $ 59.99 a month for an additional new plan ... instead of extending my `` family plan '' contract for 24 months . Cingular customer service was terrible , Amazon on the otherhand was great . It took a day or two but they gave me a special Cingular number and my problem was solved . A great deal on a new phone but watch your phone bill closely .
 As someone else commented , the ear buds tend to fall out once in a while as they 're a bit big . 4-stars only because I bought these for $ 9 inc. shipping but not worth buying if you have to pay upwards of $ 20 . Buy an adapter instead and use iPod or Sony buds.PS
 Had an old Samsung phone that I passed down to one of my nephews and some new accessories were warranted . This hands-free adapter worked perfectly . Seller shipped in a prompt manner and contents arrive in `` new '' condition , sealed in original packing .
 The connection on my old synch cable was erratic . I bought this one and it totally solved the problem AND gave mea 3-in-1 solution when I travel . Love it !
 Everything worked as advertised , but the zipling cable could benefit from a sync button as found on many other replacement cables . The power adapter works on 220V !
 I bought my black silicone cover for my Palm Treo 680 from Bargain cell at a dirt cheap price and they were fast to deliver it to my door . The cover fits like a glove and keeps my phone from sliding around and helps absorb the daily bumps my phone gets.The cover is well worth the money.The only problem is that the hole for the SD card door is not larger enough to allow you to open the door and take out the SD card without taking the cover off or you have to take a razor blade and enlarge the cell phone cover opening .
 Got this really cheap from BargainCell . Fits well over my Treo 755p and easy to get on and off which is essential as I have to take off the skin in order to fit my USB Sync cradle . The skin is n't as thick as the OEM iSkin I use for my iPod . And like the black iSkin , you can easily see all the white lint and fuzz it attracts . But overall for the price , it 's a good value . SHIPPING
 I really like this cover for my phone , it does n't really snap on . It does do the job and protect my phone . It fits really good and it also looks sleek .
 Skin tight fit , provides a good grip . Works well with holster type holders , like the Cellet Premiun Pouch , will not slip out .
 This is a good product as it helps me keep a better grip on the PDA . It would have been a lot better though if it fit a little more tightly .
 This black silicon cover fits my Treo Palm without a problem . I use it since the first day I got it . Great Product .
 Quality is a 3 , but lets be honest with ourselves , it is a dollar !! For this price , this does it 's job extremely well . I use it all day , but when I 'm out , I take the case off , its not the most attractive case I 've seen.Its a good product for an outstanding price .
 this is a well made cover , it does what it should and I am happy with it
 I bought the Black and the White ones of these . The BLACK is much nicer looking . Is not too bulky and allows you access to all the functions . Ca n't beat this !
 I am enjoying its use . The only issue is one of manufacturing . The opening that allows for moving of the vibrate off/on control does not align with the control . It is difficult to move the control . I modified the case by making a small cut to it .
 Well this skin is a great item , it fits perfect on my treo 680 , I recommended
 Great to keep for just an added protection and gives you a great grip on it . I wont be dropping this phone anytime soon .
 I would have wanted to know before buying it that the silicon was hard and is not as soft as I thought . However it is a good protector for the phone .
 Bluetooth cell phone headsets are really a subjective choice . Some love them and others hate them , and some models seem to fit one person 's ear -LRB- and lifestyle -RRB- better than another.That being said , this reviewer will try to offer an -LRB- overdue -RRB- opinion on what has turned out to be a pretty good choice in a well-made Bluetooth cell phone headset.When I first looked at the Motorola H500 , it 's price tag was in the $ 100 range , so it was easy to pass on in favor of wired headsets . But with the recent price drops , this unit is not only worth considering , it 's now even lower priced than some of the better wired units that were former favorites . Considering that so many states and localities have laws against cell phone use while driving , this can be an excellent communication tool if used carefully and safely.There are many brands and model out there to choose from , but the Motorola H500 is well worth consideration , especially in light of its excellent pricing . Once adjusted and positioned correctly to the ear , its overall sound quality has turned out to be excellent . Had held off on making a decision between brands and models mostly because I wear glasses , but after a bit of retail store test driving for fit and sound , found -LRB- like other reviewers -RRB- that this headset seems to settle easily to my ear and just seems to fit properly.One way of looking at how well a Bluetooth cell phone headset functions would perhaps be to rate its use during everyday tasks or activities , so here are a few of those , along with my personal findings . - Driving
 It takes a while to get used to , but for a first-time Bluetooth user this is very user friendly . It 's not bulky or uncomfortable and has good sound quality . It was easy to set up and works well with my Blackberry .
 THE BLUETOOTH IS PRETTY CLEAR , HOWEVER ONE BAD FEATURE I FIND IS THE LIGHT TO TURN ON AND OFF IS BLUE FOR BOTH AND SOMETIMES IF YOU 'RE OUTDOORS , IT 'S HARD TO DETERMINE IF YOU HAVE TURNED THE BLUETOOTH OFF .
 works great ! item is cute and my wife love the way it fits ! we were using a SOny Erricson and it is not as good !
 This bluetooth device matches perfectly with my burnt orange case and works excellent in all areas . I drive through alot of wooded areas and on parkways and it has n't failed me once . Great product , color and price !
 This devise delivers good volumn , is very light weight and remains firmly my ear during my daily activities ; A good value .
 The Headset does what it suppose to and cost alot less than some of the others . I have ordered three since my first one , for family members .
 Overall , my experience with this headset is positive . The sound is completely missing low frequencies , but you get used to that and voice clarity does not suffer.Fit is very comfortable , once you rotate the rubber stub to just the right angle -LRB- different angles for different ears -RRB- . I 've found that 2 o'clock direction of the stub , with headset pointing at 6 , works best for me.I had to exchange the first headset I 'd received from Amazon , because it would constantly disconnect , but replacement arrived within a couple of days , so the whole process was very smooth and painless .
 Good value for the money ... best I have tried so far ... incredible talk and standby time ... includes 2 chargers ... USB and AC wall ... clear sound quality ... as with almost all bluetooth sets wind noise outside degrades sound quality for listener on other end ... in car with windows up ... clear as a bell and thats what was important to me . . also suprised at sound quality in stores ect ... overall a very good buy for the buck ! ... Jon
 Best working headset I have had , and it is the cheapest by a long shot .
 Compact and fits snugly in the ear without discomfort . Set up was an ease .
 I love my little Blue Spoon ! It 's light , small , cute , and comfortable to wear . The sound is also great !
 For those who wear glasses , this is the best ! -LRB- Try to avoid ANY headset with hooks if you wear glasses no matter what other people say , IT WILL NO FIT and HURT your ears -RRB- For those who do n't wear glasses , it is 4 out of 5 stars due to the fact that the sound quality is not as good as Samsung 's WEP200 . -LRB- not sure about other `` hookless '' headset -RRB- Battery Life , full charge , at least 4 + hours continuous talk time -LRB- I tested it personally -RRB- It weights like nothing to your ear.I had hard time to fit WEP200 on my ear , but AX2 is a snuggle fit . For half the price of WEP200 , I will buy AX2.If you outside of the network and have no reception , the headset will do a `` beep beep '' signal for you , it will keep doing it until your phone get back the reception . Some people found it annoying , some people think this is a useful feature.Pro
 Do n't let the picture fool you , this headset does not have an weird space age antenna . It is actually a really cool device to keep the headset in your ear without having the big bulky over the ear rubber piece that is supposedly one size fits all . The AX2 's funny looking earpiece is ajustable and can be cut to fit almost any ear . As far as the quality , are their better headsets out there ... Yes , but are there better headsets out there for the money , I do n't think so . I put a strong buy on this BT headset .
 After having owned 3 different headsets I can safely say this has been the best for me . Sound quality is excellent and it is the only one I can effectively use in the car on the highway , others are just not loud enough . A tip I would offer is to not leave it in your car , the cold weather killed the battery and not I am left with a , very light , paper weight . Replacement batteries are $ 20 .
 I have had NO problems hearing or being heard with the Bluespoon . I love that it is so small and not very noticable . I also wear glasses quite a bit so I like that it does n't go over the outside of the ear like a lot of them do . But probably the best thing about this little gadget was the price ! $ 20 after rebate ! ca n't beat that anywhere . If you have trouble with the rubber piece -LRB- that looks like an antena -RRB- that holds in your ear , just be patient and adjust it different angles until it 's comfortable . I 'm so used to it now , I hardly notice it and it does n't bother me at all . Everyone that sees mine wants one !
 i ended up not using it that often . great in the car , and near distance.however , compare to the cell phone signal , it has some low level noise.you can still continue the conversation , however ...
 This little dandy was quite a suprize in ease of use and performance.Pros : Very light . It does n't have a AAA battery , but a coin one . This makes it extremely light , so it does not become irritating to the ear over time . Controls are easy to use . Because it does not hook over the outside of the ear , you can actually forget you have it on . I can still hear outside noises with it on , so I can conentrate on driving . Reception is very clear . It 's smaller size keeps you from looking like one of those ` Star Trek Borg ' people I see so many of out there . This was one of the cheapest Bluetooth headsets out there so I was worried about real-world quality , but this out performs many headsets approaching $ 100 + . Cons : That little pointy thing coming out of the top , I originally thought was an antenna . It is n't . It 's a soft rubber flexible fitting for inside the ear , and the long part actually curves around the inside fold of the ear and allows the unit to stay in place in your ear without the need to have a hook around the outside of the ear . At first I was dissapointed , but once I figured out it 's intent , I was amazed at the ingenuity of it . Now its the best unit I have seen . Buy it . It 's worth it .
 I like it , it 's so small , just what I needed and the battery last enough .
 Let 's start with the product 's biggest advantage
 It 's ok ... just was n't crazy about having to fiddle with the ear thingy . Seems kind of flimsy also . Not bad . I 'm using the LG earphone now .
 The sound is fairly good -LRB- it 's still an earpiece -RRB- and it holds a charge for a reasonable amount of time . I typically leave it in my car and recharge only every couple of days .
 I like this much better than the Motorola one I had previously . Easy to operate , great sound . It 's small , which I love , but I left the first one at the Drs.
 I paid -LSB- a dollar amount over twice what Amazon 's charging , but that they 'll delete if I put it here -RSB- for one at -LSB- a store the name of which Amazon will delete , but if you had a battery club card when you were a kid like I did , you 've been there -RSB- when they were pretty much the only place to get one . Over the years I 've tried headsets from AT&T ; , Body Glove , Hello Direct , Jabra , and Plantronics , and I find the Bluespoon 's soft spring to be the most secure and most comfortable method of fitting a headset to my ear -LRB- for that matter , Jabra headsets wo n't stay in my ear for more than seconds at a time , and Plantronics makes the most hideously uncomfortable earpieces on Earth -RRB- . The soft spring does take a bit of getting used to , but that 's true of anything that goes in your ear -LRB- and also somewhat true of the over-the-ear headsets as well -RRB- . A good rule of thumb is to wear it for no more than half an hour the first day , and gradually increase the amount of time you wear it each day . It weighs so little that you really do n't notice it after you 've acclimated to having it IN your ear , not just ON it.Once you 've learned how to insert it , the process is quick and one-handed . I do n't have any issues with inadvertent button presses -LRB- thumb behind the bottom button , middle finger at the tip , and index finger popping the spring into the curve of my ear -RRB- . And once you 've inserted it properly , it 's plenty loud . I have to assume that people who say it is n't loud enough just have n't figured out how to insert it.I had trouble with it disconnecting repeatedly from my phone even though it had a full charge , and it turned out that the Bluetooth connection in the phone had actually gone bad . The headset connected just fine to my computer , and the computer could n't maintain a connection to the phone either . Once I got the phone replaced that problem went away . So if you have connection problems , test the headset with another phone before you throw it away in disgust . It might just be your phone.I bought a second one from Amazon because one of the buttons on my first one did n't survive the impact with the ground after the headset was knocked out of my ear -- I could turn the volume up , but not down . I 've repaired that with my trusty soldering iron so now I have two that work . I 've also bought one as a gift and recommended it to a friend who 's very happy with his.Pluses
 I always found the bluespoon to be great if you wear glasses like me and you can stand something in your ear.it stays put through everything.not as loud as i want it but its pretty awsome , especially at amazon prices
 After two weeks of use , I 'd have to say it 's not that bad ... Especially for the price ! My Bluetooth 1.1 Sanyo Katana ca n't get more than 4 or 5 feet away but inside that and the clearity is great both in and out . Battery life is longer than my phone so that a plus . I really like the little tail thingy on the ear piece because it does a good job of securing the headset to my ear . I rarely have to turn the volume up all the way on the headset , and I do n't have to speak loudly for the other end to hear me . The tiny size is awsome!The bad : The multi function button tends to shift and rattle a bit and every time I move my head and hear it , I think `` cheap `` The flashing blue LED is too bright in the car at night.Wind noise is a problem with this headset.I would n't steer anyone away from this headset who is looking for a low priced unit . Would I buy another one ? It 's possible . : -RRB-
 I really like this product . It is small and does well even when I have my coat on , which covers my phone up . there are a few troubles in windy outside condidtions , but I had troubles with the wired headset I used to use . The Blue Spoon is awesome and works great as promised . The people I have talked to on it have said they do n't have complaints about how I sound using the Blue Spoon .
 Price
 I bought this for my girlfriend for X-Mas , and she absolutely loves it . Battery time is great for its size sound quality is on point as well . Only wish it had noise cancelling capability , but overall its great . Definite recommendation .
 I was very happy with the bluespoon AX2 performance and ergonomics but was disappointed with its durability.The AX2 is incredibly small , light , and comfortable to wear . The sound quality is very good and the battery life is the same or better compared with other headsets . The maximum volume is considerably higher than the Motorola HS850 and Scala headsets I 've used.This product has two primary shortcomings
 I posted a review earlier saying it did n't charge well . Since then Amazon sent me another one and it works great ! I hear the people I 'm talking to loud and clear . The people I 'm talking to do n't even realize I 'm using a headset . It fits well in my ear and it charges well . Even the blue tooth synchronization was simple to set up for my razor.I highly recommend this headset !
 AX2 is very unnoticeable and comfortable when you wear it . It is very fragile . It has slipped out of my ear several times . Once dropped you must put it back on the charge for it to work again . A negative of the product is the rubber piece insert snapping off the back . Once it is gone , there is no way to connect the bluetooth to your ear . It only comes with two rubber pieces and you can not reorder the part . It does come with two chargers which is a plus . However , over charging the battery can cause it not to work . Overall , I like it and it works for me .
 nice , small and good performance with my cellphone samsung t-809
 Great for use indoors or in the car . It could be a little louder outside , but I rarely use it anywhere but in my house/office/car . I 've gone through several headsets over the last year ; all have performed great and this one is no execption . I paid $ 35 for this at a brick and morter store . This is a steal for the price here .
 This is the first and only bluetooth product that I have ever purchased ... so I do n't have anything to compare to . I would just say that for the money -LRB- 19.95 + tax -RRB- that this product is well worth the money . I have great reception and everone can hear me very well and I can also hear anyone that I 'm talking to very well.I have read many other reviews about this product and I do n't have any of the problems that everyone else is having . The unit fits snug in my ear and it is n't loose at all . I have had to run yet while wearing it , but , I feel that if I had to that the unit would stay put . I have n't actually measured the distance that I can get from my Sony Eriksen Z525a phone but I feel that 20-30 feet is accurate and still maintain reception.My wife has a Motorola H500 bluetooth product that she uses with a Motorola phone . I feel that my Nextlink AX2 performs just as well and is about $ 30.00 cheaper in price.I would recommend the Nextlink AX2 highly .
 you still feel confined to the phone because you can only get about 10ft away from the phone before it starts getting static !
 It is a good headset in terms of clarity -LRB- incoming sound -RRB- . Outgoing voice is a little low -LRB- according to some listeners -RRB- . Battery life is fair .
 Small , Lightweight , Fits in ear , Easy set up , Voice Quality 4 star , Price is right under $ 30 , Simple to use and that makes it 5 star .
 I just received my headset and it synced immediately with my Treo 650 . Sound quality was great for the most part , and my caller 's could hear me clearly . The small size is great.It was hard to get in my ear the first time , but once I got it in once , it was easy thereafter . Also the signal broke up a bit when I had my phone in my trouser pocket . I think the range is a bit short on the unit , but it was n't too bad .
 I am using this headset , sound quality is good enough to use it during drive and talk longer . Light weight and kool .
 Smooth was the transaction no itches , priced well below market . On time delivery . Excellent
 this headset kicks ! i dont even want to call it a ` headset ' , cuz it 's waay too small for that.it 's available online for about 20 US bucks , and it 's worth 10 times that , easily.after using a Jabra BT200 with my newy aquired motorola L2 , i wanted something smaller , so i found this little nugget . the Jabra worked quite well , mind you , but was a little too big of a gizmo than i wanted to sling up off the top side of my ear.the bluespoon AX2 is unbelieveable . it felt , literally , like it was n't there . it communicated -LRB- bluetoothed -RRB- to my phone seamlessly . it communicated to me -LRB- thru some beeps and chirps -RRB- flawlessly.it took about three days of heavy use to get the ` set comfy in my ear , yet comfy or not it was always very secure and clear , both incoming and outgoing . it sicks in your via one of two -LRB- lg or sm -RRB- `` soft springs '' which are just soft rubber thingys that follow the inner contours of your ear . -LRB- this thing held on even when my own glasses fell off my head ! -RRB- -LRB- thanks , slayer ! -RRB- i 've read about some charging problems in some other posts , and i hate to report that i 'm having some charging problems myself . seems the mini-usb connection is not very solid , maybe due to the fact that the thing is made of lightweight plastic.the only problem i see with this unit is the blinky-blue light . it blinks once every 10 seconds when it 's on . it blinks alot more when you 're on the line . blinking when you 're on the phone is acceptable , even expected , but you should be able to turn it off , so as not to freak out the general public . -LRB- not everybody knows what a borg is . . -RRB- so if you 're looking for a cheap , light , comfortable , reliable , geeky , borg-like headset that 's worth every penny , get a freakin sweet bluespoon ax2 beeootch !
 Use it almost everyday ! I have no complaints about the headset , it is very loud and the sound -LRB- both ends -RRB- is great ! I bought it when amazon , had it for $ 19.99 .
 i had originally bought the motorola hs820 . i was using it with a moto krzr . i do n't know if my particular headset was faulty , but the sound quality was horrendous . everything sounded tinny and even synthesized . someone told me that bluetooth just does n't sound right with a moto phone . i returned that and bought this headset anyway -LRB- it 's so cheap and amazon returns are very simple , that i decided to give it another go -RRB- . i was shocked when i saw how small it is -LRB- you do n't realize just from the pictures -RRB- . it 's incredibly comfortable in my ear , and the sound quality is just as it is from the phone . no difference at all , and people on the other end do n't notice i 'm using a headset . i recommend buying this over any others . it 's definitely worth it !
 I liked this headset very much . Very robust . The indicator is very bright . I did not like the light . People commented that I looked like a `` cyborg '' with the blinking `` blue '' light on my ears . The piece that makes the headset stay on your ear is actually bends inside the ear and it was very painful .
 I was so impressed i bought 2 and still recommend them to friends and family !!! 10 outa 10 !!!
 This BT headset is relatively small and unobtrusive compared to others I 've seen . It is easy to use , the sound quality is acceptable and it fit my ear comfortably . After getting it , however , I realized that I really was n't in love with the whole BT earpiece fad -LRB- people walking around , apparently talking to themselves , with a big plastic wart hanging out of their ear -RRB- - so I rarely use it . The only real complaint I can muster is that it is somewhat sensitive to wind noise and best used indoors or an enclosed area . If you have abnormal ears - it might not fit as well for you .
 This is the second Armour Case I have bought for a Palm PDA ; prior to this I had used the Palm brand had cases . Unfortunately , this will probably be the last Armour Case I purchase , not because of the case but because the Palm PDA 's are no longer being made . Having said that , I would get it again in a minute if I had a need
 Have a Palm Tx , and travel with it . Needed something to protect it . This certainly does .
 Very nice case with an excellent fit to my Palm TX . The TX is held securely in the case by means of a well-fitting plastic retainer that slides into the TX flip-cover slot . Out of the shipping container , the case clasp was a tiny bit loose but gentle pressure with the case open let me easily adjust the metal clasp to give a tighter fit . Overall , an excellent design .
 This case is just what I needed . It provides protection for my TX and a convenient memory card storage . It was delivered on time and in very good condition . I recommend this vendor to others needing supplies or accessories .
 I use Palms for more than 8 years and is the second time I buya case , this time for my new Palm TX . It really protects your Palmagainst scratches , falls and pressure on the screen , which couldmake the lifetime of your Palm be short . This case is an armoragainst all the acidents above mentioned . Great buy !
 The case is as advertised , hard black metal . I appreciate having the connectors available so I do n't have to open it to sync using the USB cable . No problem opening or closing it . I do n't use the belt clip , so I ca n't comment on that . There is a storage location for one extra SDRAM plug-in .
 Simply great!Protective , while still allowing you access to all the Palms feature and charging.No complaints whatsoever .
 I 've used this case for over a year now . I carry my palm all the time in my jeans pocket , it goes everywhere with me . I 've even dropped it a few times.The catch that holds it closed works well , not hard to open -LRB- though with two hands -RRB- . If I stick too many receipts in the back of the case the catch wo n't catch.Possible downside ? The hinge opens along the long side like a book , so if you use it oriented that way the case kinda gets in the way . If you use it turned the other way -LRB- my preference -RRB- the case sits nicely in my hand for writing-awesome . Never used the belt clip , I 've had terrible luck with those things no matter what they 're attached to -LRB- phone , ipod , whatever . . -RRB-
 When I got my new Palm TX , I knew I wanted a hard metal case . I had one for my T3 that was really ugly and had gaping seams that were grossly misaligned . But it protected my Palm from all the drops and abuse I could give it . So after reading the other reviews on this page , I did n't expect much more than protection.The case I got shipped to me is really well made . The seams are tight and straight , the device is held securely , the latch is secure without being inoperable , and access is available open or closed to the stylus , card , headphone jack , power and hotsync jacks . The heft , color and texture are pleasing , at least to me . I do n't use the belt clip so I ca n't comment on its functionality . Although I bought this case as a temporary solution until I could identify something better , I do n't know what would make a case better for me than this one .
 One would think that the makers of a PDA would have the accessories for the PDA down pat , but I was n't impressed with the Palm case I saw in person . This case as so many advantages to the Palm case that it 's hard to list , but here 's the highlights : * Palm case only comes in silver-ish and looks pretty tacky vs. this case comes in black . * Palm case and many others are not snug with the PDA , so it will rattle -LRB- not with this case -RRB- . * The slip tab inside the case helps keep the PDA secure , so even if the case pops open , the PDA wo n't go flying . * Very secure latch . -LRB- I have a bit of trouble getting the case open , but I have bad nerves in my hands . -RRB- * Cutouts for everything -LRB- SD card , headphone jack , power button , etc. -RRB- * The cutout area for the headphone jack is actually big enough and does n't impede the jack . * TWO SD card slots on the inside cover . * Soft inside lining . * Does n't add too much bulk to PDA.About the only drawback I can see with this case is that the belt clip might as well not be included and is a piece of junk , but that seems to be the case with other Palm TX cases and I was n't planning on using it anyway.Update Feb. 2009
 I have had this case for about 7 months and I am satisfied with its performance . It is well built and has protected my TX from damage . The Palm fits snugly and the case closes securely . The memory card slots are a nice touch , and the openings allow for access to all ports without opening the case.I ca n't comment on the sturdiness of the belt clip . I took it off the first day , as I usually carry my Palm in my shirt pocket.Cons
 This is my second metal TX case -LRB- the other one was a different brand -RRB- . I did my research before buying it and was accidentally shipped the wrong case . So I got to see what another case was like and I have a much greater appreciation for this one.Let me tell you , this one is excellent . I do not and will not use the belt clip , so I can not vouch for that portion . Due to the excellent padding and fit , My PDA is very snuggly settled in the case . The case allows access to all of the TX features . It is very sturdy , protective , and adds very little bulk or weight to the PDA . The case will easily open if you are trying to open it , otherwise it stays closed . The case also has four tiny points on the bottom of it that will raise the case off the surface , so that if you are playing music , you can hear it with the speaker side down to the surface . It even has a tiny access hole to the reset button.I highly recommend it if you are scared of ever dropping your PDA or simply just want to protect you delicate , yet fairly expensive piece of equipment .
 This simple matt black case is tough and the TX fits in it snugly . Its well designed to access ports without removing it from the case . I had a leather case for my last palm . It looked a bit more stylish but because it was soft it was always pressing on the command buttons and turning itself on . No such problem with this shell case . The only design improvement I would suggest would be a slightly rubberized exterior like I have on my motorola cell phone . It really helps me to keep from dropping it . The metal case is a bit slippery . I 'm happy with it .
 I have had the case for a month now and I am very happy with it so far . The case holds my TX nicely . No problems with the belt clip either . Very good product for the price .
 I purchased this after having a cracked screen on my TX , and paying a bundle for repairs . The little screen cover was on it , and covering the screen . Apparently having the side of the TX pinched caused the screen to get broken even while closed . After I 'd sent it off for repairs I immediately went shopping and found this case . Exactly what a paranoid palm owner would want.The case looks pretty nice , though it does add some bulk . That is pretty unavoidable . All the ports are very accessable , and even the speaker is accounted for . I 'm pretty happy with the fit . The edges are a little on the sharp side on some corners . It snaps closed nicely , and seems pretty snug . The hinge juts out a bit after closing , and I can see the pin might start to work out over time . The SD cards have to be inserted backwards , such that the metal contacts face you , or it will push out the card holder , which will then make contact with the screen . My final gripe is the most annoying . . as noted by other reviewers , you can only lay the case open , like a book . You can not fold it back , behind the palm , out of the way.All in all I 'm pretty happy , and have n't seen anything better . It looks like it will work well . I just see room for improvement .
 The case is attractive , built like a tank , and the Palm TX fits easily and snugly inside . Though reasonably slim , naturally it does take up more space in your pocket . Since it 's hinged like a book , you end up holding it like one - on your lap or a table . You ca n't leave it in the case if you use an after market cradle to charge/synch your Palm TX . Though the original Palm TX cover is rather skimpy , think of it as a bikini i.e. comfortable & covers the basics . The Armor case might be better for travel and rough environments .
 I think that it simply does what the manufacturer says it does , which is to protect the Palm , and in my case I 've found that it is so . I use my Palm in my pants pockets , and I like the fact that it does not get scratches at all , like the Palm original aluminum case . It does not rattle the Palm because it fits snuggly , unlike the original case . It has a back opening for the tiny speaker , so I think you can hear alarms louder . I 've used mine for a month and I have n't have any problem with the plastic hinges that others described . It is somewhat difficult to open , though , that 's why I give it 4 stars . You can charge and synch the Palm without open this case , unlike the original one . I do recommend it .
 This story tops them all . I have dropped my Palm TX over and over with the Palm TX case . It 's kind of banged up . The belt clip is kind of worn out . The springing thing wo n't hold it very well any more . The other day I got home from work and it was almost dark so I had to hurry and do some snowblowing . I heard a bump sound and did n't realize my Palm fell off the belt clip . I ran over it with my snowblower and it came out the shoot and hit the wall . I did n't realize it until I dug it out of the snow two days later . The TX was gaping open and the stylus was broken in half . I snapped it closed and the TX still works fine ! Just had to get a new stylus . Weird , because my first TX died on me with no bumping around and I got this replacement one under warranty .
 I 've had this case for close to a year now and had no problems with it up until 2 months ago when I noticed one of the plastic hinges that attaches the Palm to the case snapped off , the remaining intact hinge has held up for about 2 months so far . The clasp has been fine and holds the case firmly shut , great access to all buttons and slots . I would have given it 5 stars but the hinge broke .
 The Palm fits into the cover securely and perfectly . The cover snaps closed a bit stiffly at first but after a week clicks shut easily and securely . Light slim solid case that takes a dropping well . Front cover has clearance so Palm 's screen is not impacted at all . Two slots in front cover hold standard SD cards . Looks like there is enough clearance so cards will not press onto Palm 's screen but I have n't tested that . Recessed access to top and bottom connection points on the Palm provide protection without ever having to take the Palm out of the case . It 's very functional .
 Nice case but hinge is weak , breaks eaisly . I really like the case otherwise . There is open areas for the plug in . It is much better then the palm brand .
 The case design is awesome , but steer clear of the metallic version . It scratches easily . Now I 've got the black version and LOVE it . I like how the case protects my entire Palm TX . Not one corner of my TX extends beyond the case so if I ever drop it , it may be jostled , but not totally destroyed . The cut outs give you ample room to work with when turning it off or on and using cords , memory cards , or the stylus . There 's even a little cut-out in the back for the speaker . The case latch is solid and does n't pop open . Inside , there 's a soft felt lining and slots for 2 memory cards . I do n't use the belt clip , so this case is just fine for me and the price is right too .
 I was looking at this case for a long time and now I have it in my hands . It is pretty much what I wanted for a Palm case to be . It is sturdy , has nice padding and fits my Palm just perfect . It might feel slippery a bit as someone admitted before but I do n't find it that much . And yes , SD card holder is very handy . Belt clip is bit bulky but serves its purpose when you need it . Otherwise just disconnect it . So in short it is just what I wanted .
 Very sturdy case . I have a little difficulty opening the case without moving the palm pilot upwards . Also not easy to open latch . But the sleek design fits well inside pocket or purse . Opening at bottom is perfect access for charging the device .
 Case is strong and competently does what it is suppose to do , protect the palm . Has a nice memory card holder built in . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FV8S58/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I really love this case , it is very nice looking and it keeps my TX nice and secure . The TX is easy to insert into the case and I also love the slot for carrying an SD card in the front of the case . I do not use the belt clip , so I can not comment on that , but the case is wonderful .
 This is a very good protective case . I like the belt clip attachment with easy access to remove . Although the button broke on the back of the hard shell case to the belt attachment . Is it possible by just buy the button for the back of the case ?
 I love this case . It is very hard to keep my palm protected . I carry my palm in my pocket everyday at work . Befor this case sometimes my lab jacket would get caught in the car door and the door would get slamed on my palm . This case prevents any damage . I LOVE IT !
 A necessity for all clumpsy people who drop everything.The screw on the back of the case needs to be tightned properly , but besides that . It is definately worth the money to protect your pda .
 The metal is sturdy and the openings are perfect for maximum functionality in all the features of the PDA . I previously had a hard case made by Palm , which was a nice product , but I was n't able to keep the unit protected and use the MP3 function .
 functions exactly as stated in product description . i searched extensively online for similar cases and chose this one based on other reviews and price . no major complaints ; however it can slide across smooth surfaces . i placed some sticky pads -LRB- available at most hardware stores -RRB- to prevent accidental slipping . otherwise , this case is highly recommended !
 I think this product is a must have for those people who need simplicity to carry on your palm TX , and who wants to have a nice looking , excelent finishing and confortable case . I am satisfied about it and I feel more confortable than the existing PALM hard case.hope it would be useful for other customers
 i have a palm tx just for studying chinese using plecodict software . . my pda would n't have survived my travels over summer w/o this case . excellent construction and durability , still looks brand new after 5 months of wear and tear . love it .
 I have never had a problem with this product . Very sturdy , and yes it has save my palm a few times . The only draw back I have found is the expansion cards do tend to slide down a bit . I have owned this case for over a year now .
 The case provides great protection for my Palm TX . It does n't add much bulk or weight and keeps it safe during my active day . I 'm pretty tough on things and this case is just the extra protection I need .
 This is a very nice looking case . The PDA fits snugly and doesnt slide around . The latch on my case seems very secure and takes some effort to open . As far as the button style swivel belt clip , I have never seen one that works well and Ive had them on various phones and pda cases . I dont rely on them.The main thing I dislike about this case is that it opens to the left , not the right like other cases Im used to . A minor thing that I can get used to .
 This case is awesome for my Palm TX . Great fit , great protection , and a very inexpensive insurance policy againts accidental drops .
 this product are great for this car , you can listen the music , watch videos and you are boring play video games , it is portable !!!
 NICE CASE . GOOD QUALITY . PHONE FIT A BIT SNUG TO START BUT LOOSENING UPAND FITTING BETTER WITH TIME .
 This is my first Bluetooth earphones and I was warned that the sound was not that good . However , this BH-600 use DSP -LRB- digital signal processing -RRB- and sounds very good . People told me they could hear me much better and I could hear clearly . Jack Shasha
 I 've used a bluetooth headset before but never cared for it and had to return it because of the poor fit . The Nokia BH-600 has worked well for me . It fits well , looks compact and stays in its place . The battery life could 've been better -LRB- it gives me about 3 hours of talk-time and ~ 72 hours of standby time -RRB- - my techie friend tells me that the battery is compromised for compactness .
 This was my first bluetooth headset I purchased , and I made sure I researched it before I bought it . All the signs pointed to a great product . I went with this as opposed to another manufacturer because I wanted to stick with the Nokia brand . The pairing to my Nokia N75 was problematic at first , but that was only because I did n't do it correctly . Read the directions on how to do it . The build quality of this is exceptional . It does n't creak like my new BH-602 does when you grab it . This headset along with my N75 are both bluetooth 2.0 so things sounded great while talking to people , and the range is good . Walking 20 feet away with a wall in between the phone and I , there was a little static , but I expect that with bluetooth . Sound quality is very good on all calls . People sounded very clear . However , volume wise , it could be louder . That 's the only thing I saw as a downside , which is why I gave it 4/5 stars . All buttons are easy to press and locate , so no worries there . Battery life on this is amazing considering the battery size . I get 7 days usage out of single charge on about 3 hours of calls with multiple disconnections and connections from my phone . I let it sit for 11 straight days , and it still had a charge , so I was VERY impressed . The specs say 9.17 days of standby time . This will beep if the battery is starting to get low also . The weight of this may be an issue for those looking to wear this for more than 2 hours , but maybe it 's just me . It 's not a heavyweight , but you will feel it . It 's a shame that this product simply did n't fit my ear . The only time it ever did was when I had a beanie on and it was smashed into my ear . You can bend the earloop to your liking to secure it on your ear , but if you have a small ear opening , this probably wo n't be a good fit . If this were an in-ear design like a lot of others , it would be excellent for me . But for someone else , it might be a great solution . Great headset .
 I left my original charger in a hotel when I made a recent trip . This replacement was just what I needed . It arrived quickly , was packed superbly , and works perfectly !
 No problems . Very happy with the product so far . I am also very happy with the price .
 Product works great thus far . I 've only had it and used it for a few weeks but I 've not had any issues .
 Received order in a timely fashion , pleased with the product andhow easily we could obtain it .
 This charger is great for times when you do n't have access to your computer . I would highly recommend it for those who travel frequently .
 This is exact same as the one that came with my original bluetooth . Does its job .
 I bought this item for a bluetooth device given to me . The charger worked great - charged the device as it should . However , the bluetooth device was defective -LRB- the reason for the giveaway , no doubt ! -RRB- .
 This adapter works just as great as the original adapter received when phone was purchased .
 This product works perfectly on my plantronics 320 bluetooth handsfree headset . The price is good and it arrived on time .
 No problem watsoever . Works fine . I had bought this as my BT device was shipped to me with wrong charger . I have no problem with this product .
 Great product ; does the job . Inexpensive . Great shipping . Would order from this vendor again .
 I hate the phone charger business , and have gone through piles of third-party chargers over the years . With my A310 , phone chargers would just fall out . So far so good with this one , plus the glowing tip -LRB- besides just being neat-o -RRB- makes it easy to find . I wish there was a way to tell top v. bottom in the dark , but that 's not really a problem -LRB- and I 've never had a charger that did -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 I thought that because it was so inexpensive that it might not be any good but I soon found out that it worked fine and It had a neat glow when it was charging . Fine product and a fine price .
 NICE CASE . GOOD QUALITY . PHONE FIT A BIT SNUG TO START BUT LOOSENING UPAND FITTING BETTER WITH TIME .
 I have had nothing but good luck with all of the USA Wireless Products that I have used .
 Charger works great . The light makes it very easy to find in the dark .
 Great way to get a new battery for an older cell phone at a resonable price . Saved me from signing up for a new but more expensive cell phone plan .
 Replacement battery lasts longer than original battery , but it 's also bigger so the phone now gets caught in pockets and bag . Old battery was down to about 10 minutes of phone time , this one is more like 2 hours .
 The battery was everything needed . No surprises . It fit the phone and charged fine .
 I received exactly what I ordered very quickly .
 Well I was skeptical as hell about buying from a company I 've never heard of , for a product that was 1/5th the cost of what I felt was reasonable . I was completely wrong . In spite of being shipped USPS , it showed up the first day of the delivery window . I plugged it in and snapped on the cover -LRB- which actually seems marginally sturdier than the original -RRB- , charged it ... And did n't charge it again for a week . * FLAWLESS * . Dirt cheap bargain basement price , and my talk time went from 20 min -LRB- with a bluetooth headset -RRB- to over 3 hours ... This is a massive amount of bang for the buck . No complaints and I 'd make the same purchase in a heartbeat .
 The battery appears to be exactly what I expected . I purchased 2 batteries , one for my phone and one for my wife . After full charge the battery is good for up to 4 days or more in standby . The price was outstanding -LRB- about 25 % of what Motorola wanted for the same battery with their name on it , plus the battery came with the required battery cover as the battery is a bit thicker than the original equipment -RRB- . The only rub was that the shipping charges for the second battery was the same as for the first one even though they came together in the same package . Even with the excessive shipping charge it was still a bargain .
 I was a little skeptical about buying a battery at such a low price . A bit worried it would be of low quality . I was wrong . This extended battery has preformed fanstastic and holds its ' charge better then so called OEM batteries found on other `` auction '' sites . Great product at a fantastic price ! Would not hesitate to buy again
 my phone 's battery could barely hold a charge for a long phone call , and now that I 've switched , I 've gone days without charging it and it barely goes down a bar .
 What a great price for this item . It fit as advertised . The only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is battery life ; it 's not as extended as I 'd like , but better than the standard OEM version .
 I use my phone a lot and I have purchased an average of 1 standard phone battery per year because I talk them dead or forget to plug the phone in to charge the battery . This battery is awesome , I have found that thus far I can not talk it dead and if I forget to plug in my phone the battery still has a charge .
 I bought one of these extended batteries on e-bay and was really sorry . It did n't hold a charge . I was reluctant to try again , but I was glad I did . This time I got a good quality battery and it holds a charge at least twice as long as my old battery .
 This is a great extended life battery . Works great and the price is fantastic . The only thing you should know is that it is thicker than the normal battery and that is why it comes with a new back cover . It adds about a quater of inch to the thickness of the phone . For me this is a good trade off for the longer talk time and is not an issue at all .
 I am thoroughly enjoying the longer battery life . I had to charge my old battery everyday . I only have to charge the new battery every 2 - 3 days .
 Great replacement battery for the Motorola E815 . Holds charge nearly twice as long as the last replacement battery I bought .
 It a very good addition to the phone , no need to worry about extended functions or short battery life .
 The biggest drawback to this phone is the inadequate battery it comes with . Now even when using a bluetooth headset I do n't have to worry about the phone going dead during a conversation .
 Battery works just like it should . I have much more standby and talk time than the original . It was a great price too !!!!
 Product performs better than the original battery and takes up very little extra space . Looks fine , works great .
 If you compare this battery with the normal 7xx battery , this battery lasts much longer . I would recomend this battery who is using a Motorolla E815 . Please note the size of the battery if this is an issue to you .
 These Batteries are worth the money . They are cheap and you will not go wrong.I did have a problem with 2 of the 4 I bought , but it is minor . The Batter Indicator will not show up and is showing `` Invalid Battery '' . It works fine , sometime the indicator will work and sometime it will not . I can get a good 4 days out of it with no problems .
 Great upgrade to the old battery that originally came with the phone . It has battery life exactly as advertised .
 the battery works ! 2 days of use and still fully charged but my use is probably a little less than average . only minus is its slightly increased bulk .
 Do n't buy it from your wireless provider - save big $ by purchasing here . Received within 2 days .
 I have a Motorola E815 phone approaching 4 years old and the original battery was only lasting about a day . I had heard that a new battery would cost me about the re-up price for a new phone from Verizon . Since my life is quite transitional now , I really did n't know what phone I wanted or needed , hence when I found this battery for less than $ 10 delivered I thought it was worth the shot . I think I ordered it on Friday and it was in the mail Monday , much faster than I expected . The battery and the new back still fits within my leather case , and it gives probably four days with moderate use . More usage cuts it down , but I still get a couple of days before it needs to be recharged .
 Stop fooling around with clipped conversations and embarrassing lost calls . Its so nice not to worry if you have enough juice to finish the call , or sweat the fact that you forgot to charge the phone last night . With this battery it 'll wait till tomorrow . Just checked mine after two days off the charger . The phone still shows a fully charged battery . I have never had this battery go dead in use.My only concern was if the larger size would require a larger phone holder . It adds only a 1/8 inch in thickness , if that . The back fits just as well as the OEM , same color and everything . This is an easy decision .
 I replaced my phone before this battery died . Then I lost my new phone -LRB- arrgh -RRB- and went back to the old . Battery still going strong . Sure , the phone got a little bulkier and heavier with this battery , but that is a small price to pay.I say , `` buy it . ''
 Let 's face it , unless you want to go iPhone , there 's not much exciting about the current cell phone market . I 've had my Moto v710 since September 2004 . The only problem I was having was battery life . I bought 2 of these replacement batteries because of the price . I figured just in case one is a dud I 'll have a second and still it would n't be a bad deal . The battery is awesome - longer life than the original battery when it was new . I got it back in May and it 's still working great - have n't noticed much decline in its lifespan either . And if it does ever start to lose charge , I still have an unopened one . Do yourself a favor and get 2 ... you 'll be set until a worthwhile phone comes along that is worth the upgrade .
 When the old battery in my cell phone died , the thought of big bux to carrier company shuddered me to the bone . This battery works just fine , fits the phone , and was easy on the wallet .
 Seemed a little light for a battery twice the size of the original but the original never lasted this long . After the first charge it lasted nearly a week . Do n't have the ability to test if it 's actually 1400 mAh or not , but like I said , it lasts a lot longer than the OEM battery did new . Great deal and comes with a new back cover , I 'm quite satisfied , thanks .
 The replacement battery and cover were exact match to the original battery . The price , quick delivery and the new battery performance gave new life to my older phone .
 The Battery and cover is great ... the phone I put it into is n't the greatest ... the battery will probably out live the phone !!!
 The battery came fast at a very reasonable price . It lasted only two days new out of the package with out charging . After the first charge it now lasts about four days . At my cottage where cell towers are far apart , the phone requires more energy , it will still last all weekend without charging.I 'm happy with the service and the battery .
 makes my phone much better only have to charge it every 4 days instead of everyday .
 Product is great ... shipping time was not acceptable ... paid for expedite , received it 2 days after promised date ...
 Ordered 2 , both work excellent , rotate with orginal , always have 3 charged ready to go .
 I purchased this stylus when I got a new smart phone . I was having trouble hitting the correct letters ... this stylus solved my problem ! And it is small enough to carry in my purse .
 The battery was shipped on schedule and was received with no hassles . Battery fitted and has been working perfectly .
 First this is a beautiful phone with a beautiful size and a beautiful feature-set targeted for a busy biz type . Features are tri-band for reception , Dictaphone for voice memos , Speakerphone for hands free , and PDA features for ; contacts w/address , calendar for todo and event alarms with day/wk/mo / yr repeatability on recurring events like weekly meetings , birthdays , take out the trash :-RRB- , etc.ALL the features work great . Plenty loud receiver , ringers , vibrator , and speakerphone , all adjustable . Has a separate power switch on top for quick access to ringer options -LRB- one press -RRB- or power-off -LRB- press and hold -RRB- for batt save , etc.It is so small you can wear it in the watch pocket of jeans , in a shirt pocket , or your pants pocket without a bulge . Still , the keypad layout is such that I find it easy to dial because the keys cover the total keyboard , unlike my previous SE T234 small point buttons . For those who derated this phone for its small size , I do n't get it ? If you want a bigger phone that has bigger keys and a bigger screen , get one for heaven sake . Please rate a phone for its features and performance , not its size . That is a positive for those who want this.Those looking for a well featured small phone with Nokia 's quality and RF reception , you will not be disappointed with this one . You will not get a camera , radio , mp3 player , tv size screen , or memory enough for gobs of games , ringtones , wallpaper , screensavers and video -LRB- this is the Nokia 6230i -RRB- . You will get an excellent and practical communication and organizational device having enough memory for adequate games / audio/video accessories and the features required for the practical user , and a good price.Pros
 I 've always owned a Nokia phone simply because it works for me -LRB- and I 'm a creature of habit -RRB- . =-RRB- If you could care less about owning a tricked out , camera flip-phone with all the bells and whistles , then this phone is for you . The one thing that really differs with this phone -LRB- compared to the three other Nokias I 've had over the years -RRB- is that these buttons are really small and it can literally be a pain sometimes when you 're sending text messages . After owning this phone for nearly a month now , here 's what I 've summarized : Pro 's : * It 's inexpensive * Nice , color display screen * Has a useful voice recorder * Speakerphone is very useful -LRB- esp . if you 're driving and do n't own a headset -RRB- * You can change your right , navigation button to create faster shortcuts * Somewhat user-friendly for those that are cell phone challenged * Comes with a sleek travel size charger * If you 're a Cingular customer , this got better reviews compared to the fancy-shmancy -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- Samsung , LG and Ericcson phones they also offer.Con 's : * Teeny , tiny key pad * Ring volume has a big difference between levels 2 and 3 * If you own a headset for older Nokia phones you have -LRB- such as a 3595 -RRB- , it wo n't work with this one . You 'll have to splurge and buy a new headset . =-LRB- * Ring tones are kind of weak , I 'm 30 and it feels like they had teens in mind when creating ringtones for this phone -LRB- same thing with the wallpaper options -RRB- . * Games are cool , but the bowling game is only limited to + / - 5 games before you 're denied access.Hope this was useful for anyone interesed in buying this phone . = -RRB-
 I recently subscribed to a two year Cingular service . At first I purchased a Motorola V551 , but that gave me poor reception compared with my Samsung E315 , which I previously owned . Not wanting an expensive phone that would drop calls frequently , I decided to trade it in for a Nokia , becasue my father used Nokia ever since he started to use cellular services , and he was extremely satisfied . The Nokia 3120 appealed to me because of it 's styling . Although it is not as technologically advanced as the phones I was used to , the styling appealied to me , along with the fact that the phone was 39.99 . I truly like the styling . It is the best I 've seen in the bar phone class . It is not outlandish in any essence . It is a smart phone for people who want basic functionality . What also appeals to me is the user interface . It is the best one I 've seen for any phone . It is the smae interface used on all digital nokias , which date back to about 1996 , which is when I first was exposed to Nokias . It is extremely simple to use , the most convinient features can be accessed with two or three button pushes . The biggest thing that got me to purchase this phone is it 's reception . Better than any phone i 've used . I can use it deep inside buildings . My mother has a Nokia 6010 , and she can call from the breakroom in her office , which is in the center of the building . All this packed in a sleek , understated enclosure makes this phone very pleaseing.My only complaints about this phone is the lack of `` fun '' features , such as a camera or video playback . If you really want a camera phone , but like what you hear abou this Nokia , the 6230 is for you , and I will buy that in 6-12 months . Another thing I do not like is the color . You can get covers for it , but the middle part of the phone , where all the circuitry and the antenna lie , is pasty white , which for a guy like me , is girly . One of my friends commented exactly . One flaw , though it does not bother me , is the size of the phone . While it is higly portable and compact , the buttons could be too small for some.A summary of pros and cons -LRB- some i did not list above -RRB- ProsStyling and portabilityUser interfaceReceptionBright DisplaySpeaker phoneNokia dependabilityConsColor choicesize of keypadlack of `` fun '' features such as camera , although it has a camera attackmentI know this review is very long , but I wanted to cover all aspects of the phone so as not appear bisaed in any direction . I do like the more expensive phones , but that does n't mean I ca n't make a logical critique of any phone .
 This is a very good cell phone and Amazon.com gives the best deal . But , you ca n't transfer your old phone number from different provider to Cingular through Amazon.com . If you transfer your old phone number , you wo n't get your mail-in rebate . Please read amazon.com mail-in rebate rules carefully !!! You can read about how to transfer your number through this link
 A couple months ago , I had a Nokia 3120 ; however , I wanted to try something new . So I purchased a Motorola v551 . At first I was happy I did so , but later I regreted it . So , I went back to my lovely Nokia 3120 , and it compares highly to the quality and fondness of the Motorola . I absolutely love my Nokia 3120 . It has great reception , great image quality , great battery power , and a great design . I have Cingular and I live in CA , and CA is renowned for it 's bad reception and I still get wonderful reception . It is also a very low price.I highly recommend this phone .
 I 've had mine for over a year now , so I thought I 'd offer some comments.First , buy a case . This is not a particularly tough phone . My teenage son killed his within six months . Then again , he was always tossing it around and dropping it . I 've dropped mine too , but the case has kept it looking good.This is a small phone . If you 've got big fingers as I do , it may give you some difficulty . I would n't buy a smaller phone , but this one fits nicely about anywhere.The display is quite bright once you get the settings right . Perversely , the display is best with the wallpaper off and the brightness `` down . '' When you turn it up , it just washes the text out.The alarm clock is fine , and the aftermarket accessories available for interfacing with a PC work well enough with a little fiddling . I 've loaded my own MIDI files as ringtones . Not all of them load correctly , so you 'll have to experiment with that.The speakerphone is n't particularly powerful from the user end , but the person you 're talking to seems to hear you well enough.All in all , a decent - but not outstanding - phone . I 've looked at others but , for now , have stayed with my little Nokia .
 i recently got this phone and my first impression was ... WoW . . this is a very small phone . . it has all the basic features you need in a cellphone . text messaging , voicemail , alarm clock ... if your ' e a minimalist or starter , and looking for a basic phone , then i recommend this one to you . So far , i am very pleased with this phone and it never drops my calls , and my signal is always on full strength . It has good battery life , that lasts up to few days , the interface is intuitive because Nokia 's are known for making cellphones simple , and at a great price . Also , the phone came the day before the estimated arrival date . If your ' e looking for a good site to buy a good phone , then your ' e in the right place -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . ; -RRB-
 this was my first cell phone and i loved it . i owned it for about two years . it 's perfect for a newcomer ... cute style mixed with easy to use features .
 At first glance I fell in love with the phone - the small design , the chrome plated front , all my friends just love it , thinking its another high-priced , fancy phone from nokia/cingular , when surprisingly it was very affordable , but I must admit - it IS fancy , yet extremely `` phone newbie '' friendly.It has everything you want and need plus more . It has text messaging , multimedia messaging , polyphonic ringtones , MEDIA NET , to download many more ringtones , games , applications , ANYTHING else you may want or need for your nokia 3120 , can be found on media net . It 's the internet on your phone , letting you download practically anything you may want , including java apps . If youre at work , the movies , or dont feel like calling anyone , you can go ahead and use your instant message feature , by logging onto AIM or YAHOO to chat with your buddies . There are many more features to this phone - like any screensaver you could want , you can even record your own voice or music to use as a ringtone.Popular ? 300 contacts/Calendar with 500 entries.Cant get up in the morning ? Alarm clock.Timing something ? Stopwatch/countdown . Bilingual ? English , French , Spanish , Portuguese languages supported.You can talk for 6 hours if you like on this phone , or you can go ahead and leave it on your desk for over 16 DAYS , yes DAYS , and still be able to talk . Total standby time is 17 days.The call quality is great , except if you put the the phone too close to a stereo or your speakers , it makes the speakers beep , which is the only downside , but is totally negligable.I 'd give this phone 4/5 stars , because of all the features you can have on a phone that 's 4.01 inches long x 1.68 inches wide x 0.76 inch thick , and weighs just about 3 ounces .
 This cell phone is for people who want an updated phone in mobile technology , and of course to talk and call people . The features are great , and this sleek cell phone will fit almost everywhere . Color screen and a voice recorder , you 'll find something that you 'll like !
 This is a decent phone ive had it about a year now this is my first phone and i am 16 . Its somewhat stylish i guess ive seen a couple people with it is a very good basic call phone and texting . other features include internet which is expensive and kinda worthless . The only thing i can complain about is about 9 onths in i was at my computer doing some school work i placed it near the speaker and a friend called it made a reall loud staticy noise -LRB- my speakers were up pretty loud so that could of contributed to it -RRB- it was actually starteling and made me jump up and turn off the computer . about a weak later i put it on my tv entering my room layed down and another friend called and it did it again not as loud but still pretty annoying . Anyway its not like the world will end but you might get startled once in awhile .
 Why settle for less , or commit yourself to a specific cellular provider and service plan , when you can get a complimentary unlocked top of the line Motorola RAZR v3i cell phone that works with any cellular service provider and any SIM card . I got mine free at this web site
 I needed the charging cord , so this seemed like a a great deal . The case fits fine and the handsfree was a ok , about the same as what came with my phone in the box . It 's nice to have a spare , my kids will probably loose mine before long .
 I got new apple 3g . . That was my biggest disappointment . So Returned it and got this phone . This is pretty cheap and almost for free . This phone does n't have hi-tech functionality like you-tube , bluetooth etc. . Internet browsing i did n't try but who cares ... you have to keep in mind that this phone is just for basic purpose.Signal quality is excellent . I get bars even every one are having ` no signals ' , very light weight and very good battery life . What else you are expecting as a ` phone ` drawbacks
 I was looking for a durable phone that could take a blow or pressure and keep working . I also did not want random pieces of it falling off when it was struck . I 'm a fairly small individual and I also needed a phone that had to be small enough to fit into my pocket comfortably with no protrusions to gouge me . I did not need a camera or any extraneous features like that . This phone seems to be fitting these criteria perfectly . I was planning on spending quite a bit on a phone to meet those criteria , but I was pleasantly surprised to find this phone was free on my plan.I have dropped it a couple of times from about 10-12 feet up onto concrete and it keeps working just fine . It has slid for about 20 feet across a piece of concrete . It does have some minor scuffs after this but nothing significant . It does not have any buttons on the sides so there is nothing there to have fallen off when it hit the concrete . It has been submersed in a water tank and seems to have come back from it well also.As far as visibility of the display issues that other people have mentioned in their reviews , I have noticed that it has what seems to be a `` power save '' type situation it kicks into where the display is difficult to read . Hitting certain keys seems to kick this `` mode '' off . Other than those situations I have had no more difficulty reading the display than on other candy bar style phones I have had from Nokia . I have used it in direct sunlight and in various other lighting situations .
 Here 's how I rate this cellphone :1 . Voice quality and reception
 i think nokias , in general , are great . this particular nokia is very good looking . very basic , also . dropped it about 10 times the other night -LRB- while talking about how i always drop/break phones ... -RRB- and it has maybe 2 scratches on it , at most . still works perfectly . seems extremely durable , no dropped calls , no defects . those are the things that matter in a phone , to me . 5 stars .
 As a seventeen year old female , I do tend to use the phone a lot . I got this phone without texting , and I still love it . I have no idea what the other users are talking about with the backlight , mine is always perfectly viewable . Maybe they just need a teenager to work it . ; PThe only problem I have with the phone is that I have a nickel allergy , and the metallic looking finish on the menu and surrounding buttons caused my face to break out with a rash , but as long as I use the easy-to-use speakerphone button , or get a good cover or headset , I should be fine.This phone was easy for even my 60 year old father and computer inept mother to figure out , with minimal help from me . I wish the record function was n't so scratchy so I could record songs for ringtones , but what do you expect when most people can afford texting and ringtones.I would give it 4 and 1/2 stars , but as I ca n't a full five stars for this product !
 My dad is a crackberry fanatic and he loves the replacement battery . No issues with charging the phone after I replaced the original battery with this .
 I have had the charger for a little over two weeks and so far it is performing well .
 Arrived Quickly . Works great . I was afraid of the `` you get what you pay for '' situation -LRB- especially with a nice phone like the blackberry pearl -RRB- but my fears have been proved unfounded . Product works great .
 Ordered it because of the price , and its the same as the 30 $ blackberry version . Will order from seller again anytime .
 This is an excellent battery . I have been using it for a few months now and it is still in excellent condition . I use my cell phone approximately three-four hours a day , so that is quite impressive .
 I ordered this replacement battery for my Motorola E398 cell phone when the one it came with lasted for only 12 hrs -LRB- 3 years after I bought it . -RRB- The new one lasts for ~ 48 hrs including ample talking time .
 If u need a 3 Piece Starter Kit for Sony Ericsson T226 or T237 , then buy this product . If u do n't need it , do n't buy it .
 This product was exactly as advertised plus I got it very quickly.I 'm 100 % satisfied
 Wonderful , and the exact fit for a cell phone and a credit card . Attach to your belt loop , or your purse strap to allow easy , quick access . Has a strap so it can also be used as a tiny purse , perfect for a night out.It also is perfect for a pacifier holder on the go , no more rooting around trying to find a spare at the bottom of a bag , with a crying baby you want to access that spare as quickly as possible.Great product .
 The product fits my phone perfectly . It is strong - offering a great deal of protection , and it looks great . thanks Otter Box !
 I 've had the 1300i from Cingular for about a month now , and I love it ! Everything is perfect about it , including the text messaging , internet , and LCD display . The only problem I 've had with it is that I have had a couple dropped calls , but I barely have reception in my room anyway , so thats why . but GREAT phone !
 This is a simple to use , small , light and generally elegant flip phone , with good reception.Some useful comments for those interested in getting it : - It looks nice and has a fast and responsive user interface -LRB- I found the LG interface much better than the Samsung x426 -RRB- . It is easy to move from menu to menu by pressing the shown number -LRB- or scroll around and press select if you want -RRB- . - Some useful functions are hidden away under three menu levels -LRB- ie Calculator , Alarm , Calendar -RRB- . There is no way to assign a shortcut . There are built-in shortcuts to internet , text messaging , contacts , instant messaging.-It is easy to put the phone to vibrate , even without opening it.-The light on the outside lights red if there is a waiting message -LRB- voice or text -RRB- but not when you have missed calls.-You can not use most of the phone 's functions when talking on the phone . -LRB- ie you can not play games if you have a headset and are having a boring conversation . -RRB- But you can take a ` note ' and later save it as a phone number.-The phone can only `` ring and vibrate '' at the highest volume.-The volume control for the games is tied to the volume of the ringer . So if you lower the volume while playing and forget to increase it afterward , the ringer will be quiet . Also , if the phone is set to loudest ring , some menu confirmation will elicit a loud sound from the phone -LRB- ie entering a new contact . -RRB- This is annoying .
 This is definitely a good cell phone.I have seen all those fancy cell phone with huge screen and photo capabilities , but what 's the point ? I only want to call people with my phone , and if it does that , I am happy , and this phone does it well and has a good price.I have also dropped this phone about 50 times since I got it 6 monthes ago and not a single thing has gone wrong for the phone as a result of my carelessness.I think this is a perfect phone for someone who wants to keep things simple
 The LG is a great cell phone . I agree with the previous reviewer , if you want a camera , buy one . The phone is small , easy to use , and has all of the necessary features you need . I also bought the accessory kit from Amazon , and everything works great.Bottom line
 The LG C1300 is a sleek , small and very nice cell phone !! Since this is my first one , I was shocked when I got it for Christmas !!! I could n't believe it !!! This phone is amazing by having an incredable LCD display that is bright and clear ! It has very good sound quality when talking/listening to people and when listening to ringtones . There are a few `` cool '' ringtones such as
 I have had this phone for about a year and I love it . But it is so small I lose it occastionly but it is my own fault. ;-RRB- My parents have the same phone too and they love it to .
 my only complaint about this phone is that the screen is very sensitive to scratches . Within a week of ownership , I counted a tottal of six scratches from the keypad when I closed it . other than that , this phone is awesome !
 This is my 5th phone and compared to the other phone that i had to keep replacing , this phone is great . the one i had before this phone was a sony ericcson t62u and it kept on stopping working so after i had 4 of them in 6 months i got fed up and decided i would go buy a new phone . so i liked this one . and everything works great on it , the battery life is great , the way the menu and the ease of use is great . and i love how the ringtones are real songs not just beeps . the only thing i do n't like is like one guy said up there , my screen is a little squeky when i open it , but i dont really care . i recommend this phone to anyone
 I got this phone over three years ago . It does n't have many features , but it has worn like iron and that matters more . The lack of a speakerphone setting really annoys me , I 'll admit , and so does the lack of a camera phone , but those were n't common features back in 2004 . The vanity mirror is kind silly , but I have to admit that has been very useful to me over the years . -LRB- Which is n't to say a display in its place would n't have been more useful , but at least a mirror is n't totally useless to carry around . -RRB- Some people have said they have problems with reception using this phone . This has never been a problem for me , but the coverage area could have something to do with that . I actually get better coverage with this phone than most of my AT&T ; friends do on their newer devices.After three years of use , I 'm retiring this phone for an updated , unlocked phone . It has been dropped , rained on -LRB- heavily , -RRB- and even thrown long distances , but it still works fine to this day . A sick , girly , self-absorbed part of me is thinking , `` What am I going to do now that my cell phone does n't have a vanity mirror ? '' -LRB- Another part of me is psyched to finally have a camera-phone . -RRB-
 This phone is one of the best I 've ever had ! The design is great as are the controls . You can silence/vibrate it w/o opening it -LRB- and vice-versa -RRB- . I have dropped it onto concrete before and there were no scratches and it still worked fine . I never found any bugs or errors . Service is excellent and I have yet to have any problems with it.However , as others have stated you ca n't choose shortcuts - they are chosen for you . IM & text messaging are 2 of the chosen ones . Never the less , its still my favorite phone
 The LG C1300 phone from cingular is my first phone and i do n't think that I could ever find a better deal for a great phone . The C1300 has internet acess , tons of ringtones , and great color display , along with many other features such as a calender , and note pad . This phone will replace a handheld . This phone is also a very ruged phone . i droped this phone in the pool on accident for 10 minutes and it still works . I give this phone a 9.8 / 10 .
 This is a great Phone ! ITs my 3rd phone and i have had problems with 2 of the three . the first one was ugly , and the second one , the battery life was no good . But when i got this LG C1300 , it rocked my world ! The Battery Life is awesome and the features are real good . You can download ringtones without going online which is really cool and easy . It has a well lit screen and the volume of the ringtones are really loud . The hearing part is awesome , i put it on a volume 3 , because when it was on a 5 its like a speaker phone . It only includes one game which is very similar to snake . The picture does not look the same , the big thing in the middle is really a mirror like thing and it flashes green , it does not stay solid . Overall it is a really good phone and i reccommend everyone to go and buy it !
 For years , I have resisted the whole cellphone , constantly connected to the world thing . Then , this Christmas , my folks decided to put me on their Cingular family plan and finally force a cellphone on me . At the cellphone store , all I cared about was finding something small , simple , and unobtrusive . This phone seemed like it would fill those requirements perfectly . Well , it has . Both call quality and battery life have seemed more than adequate . I live on the edge of civilization in northwest Colorado where cell towers are few and far between , but I have had what is -LRB- to me -RRB- suprising success in getting a good signal where one would expect one to be . It 's small size is a real boon to me , or anyone like me who does field work outdoors and has to carry around all manner of other gadgets and equipment and does n't need a large device getting in the way or getting banged up . If you need a good reliable form of communication and also do n't need it to be the center of your life , this model fits the bill .
 I really do n't understand all the negativity about this cell phone.By far , the best one I 've ever had . I have had mine for six months now , and I have not suffered from any of rhe problems others have listed . This phone is reliable , powerful , and virtually indestructible . I have dropped this thing numerous times , -LRB- Blind folks tend to do that -RRB- and it has n't quit on me yet.The volume is loud and clear . I have NEVER dropped a call , with it . In fact , I can get calls on this thing WITHOUT the antenna!If you want a simple , powerful cell phone , unfettered by bells and whistles , this one rocks !
 I got this phone 2 weeks ago and I love it I have not had a problem with it and I get a great signal so I do n't know what all the dissing is aboutITS A GREAT phone , and I charge it 1 a week !!!
 The phone can ding up a little easier than what I am use to with cell phones . But overall , I am pretty sastified with this one . I love how small it is and how I can stuff it in a pocket or purse , or even just carry it around in my hand . The ring tones selection is good and the vibration is good as well . Most cell phones I can never use on vibrate , because I simply do not notice when the phone rings . This little sucker will let you know . Not a perfect cell phone , but no where close to being the worst I have ever owned over the last 11 years !
 This is a very good phone . Mine has been through the washing machine twice and it still works . The volume could be a little louder , but that 's my only complaint .
 at school some moron stole phone -LRB- nokia 3595 -RRB- right out of my backpack in woodshop.so after being yelled at by my parents i took my christmas money with my dad to the cingular store . right away this cell phone was push on my dad . with in a heart beat we came out with this phone . first the reception sucks with this phone it has a low battery life and i feal like ill crush it but as far as a phone goes its okay
 I 'm not someone who buys a phone on a whim . I 'm too poor for that sort of extravagance . So when my last phone went kaput it became inevitable to buy a new one . I wanted something sturdy and no nonsense , but did n't look like it weighed a ton . I wanted something that did n't make me feel like I needed a degree in phone science to operate it , but also oozed technological savvy.In short , what I was looking for was something like the Sony Ericsson K800i . I fell in love with a lot of the features :1 . The fun , quick camera that you could operate quickly and without a fuss2 . The user friendly interface3 . The fact that it could probably double as a music player if you wanted it to .4 . The large screen5 . The elegant design of the phone -LRB- in a stylish black , with clean design lines -RRB- and so forth.The only real sore point with me is that the phone does n't interface with my PC as well as I had hoped it would . I do n't know if it 's a driver problem or whatever , but Sony really should have hammered out the connection routines a bit more before releasing this gem . A small flaw in an otherwise perfect package . I love this phone and ca n't think of a more fun one on the market . Buy it if you want something that is simple to use , but has bells and whistles to boot .
 Excellent product . I should have chosen a quadband to capitalize on the scope for using alternative service carriers who offer service on different frequencies .
 The Andrew Extensis is a great product ! Remove the Baby Bell service from your home or business , then plug this unit into a phone jack with the cellphone in the cradle . From any phone in your home or business , including cordless phones , you can operate exactly like you always have . The benefit ?? You now have all of the features , and plan advantages of your cellular phone . It is great for a small business as the owner can take the phone when they leave , or leave it in place and allow the calls to go to voice mail.There is one potential fault . To place the Nokia phone in the cradle , one sets it into the cradle with the phone vertical . After it latches , it gently leans toward the rear of the unit . I accidently broke one I had because to remove the Nokia phone without damage , you must tilt the phone to the front of the cradle before removal.My only other concern with this device ... . I wish Andrew had units available for phones other than the Nokia 5100/6100 and Startac . Once these phones are no longer available , what will we do ? I can hope !
 The Andrew Extensis has been a great addition to my home . I run all the phones in my house through the Extensis and have saved $ 20/month -LRB- relative to having both cell and landline service -RRB- through using this device . It 's reliable and allows me to have extension phones throughout the house rather than carrying a cellphone from room to room . Given the fact that increasing numbers of folks are using cellphones as their principal telephone -LRB- see New York Times of August 2003 -RRB- it 's surprising that this item has been discontinued and nobody else seems to have picked up on the concept .
 I use a 2 line cordless phone throughout the house . Line 2 is the cell phone , courtesy of the extensis . Now , I can use my cell phone -LRB- via the extensis -RRB- throughout the house without losing a call due to poor cellphone reception.The only problem I have is that when I upgrade the phone , I can not get another extensis -LRB- since Andrew Corporation has stopped manufacturing these devices -RRB- .
 I have not had one single problem with this phone . I can hear people clearly when I make outbound calls and recieve inbound calls . Loaded with features . Reliable phone . I have always had Samsung phones and have had nothing but problems with them . -LRB- Samsung N625 , X427 -RRB- LG is a great manufacture , and this is one of their first GSM phones -LRB- they mostly make CDMA phones for Verizon Wireless -RRB- . It is a tri-band world phone , has a large external caller-id , large screen and vibrant 65k color display , great quality camera with photo caller ID . Also , polyphonic music tones sound great on this phone and surfing the web is easy!My only complaint is the bulky appearance but I have started to get use to it . Overall , a great buy . I would reccommend this phone over any other Samsung phone that Cingular currently offers . However , if you are looking for speakerphone and bluetooth technology , go for the Motorola V600 . I find LG 's programming interface easier to use than Motorola 's . It 's a bit trickier with the Motorola V400 and V600 to navigate your menu options .
 I like the heft and feel of this phone and it comes with every feature I can envision needing other than a speakerphone . The buttons are large enough to avoid accidental presses of adjacent keys . There are three , count 'em , three buttons to take pictures . That is probably overkill . This is my first LG phone and I selected it based on the feature set but also because I 've been told and read on the web that the phone handles weak signals well . So far that is true.After a horrible experience with the Motorola 720 which dropped calls faster than fall leaves and an experience with Verizon 's highly praised customer service that I would n't wish on an enemy , -LRB- Let 's just say it was the worst customer service experience I 've ever had . Worse than the old Compaq Computer . Worse than Packard Bell -LRB- remember them -RRB- . Worst ever ! -RRB- I am pleased that so far the L1200 with Cingular service works better in every part of my home and city than the 720 with Verizon.I know service varies from place to place and I am certain there are locations where Verizon is better than Cingular , but here and now I am once again experiencing what I expect from a mobile carrier - a good product and good coverage .
 Upgraded from the Nokia 3650 because I wanted a camera phone . Picture quality is decent enough considering it 's a phone . Reception is great , all the time . I 've had this phone for two months and have dropped only one call , early on . The interface is very easy to understand.My only complaint is in regards to the ringtones . The pre-sets all suck - the polyphonic ringtones are all too quiet to hear and the full-audio tones all sound like old video game theme songs . What 's worse , you ca n't record your own and use them , as with many other phones . You have to go to Cingular 's site and shell out $ 2.50 apiece for twenty-second -LRB- or less -RRB- audio clips .
 Everyone in my family has Motorolas -LRB- V400 , V220 , T720 -RRB- so I was used to those and was skeptical about getting an LG . glad I did ! The screen is better than my sisters V400 -LRB- it says 128x160 pixles , but looks FAR better -RRB- the keys and phone have a good , sturdy feel . The camera is awesome for a camera phone , it looks like a 2 or 3 MP camera !!!! -LRB- no , seriously -RRB- although there are 3 keys that have to do with the camera ... they 're not intrusive , but i think its a little overkill . While closed , you can light up the screen , see time OR date , and flip between vibrate and normal sound . VERY conveinient . The screen is bright -LRB- inside and out -RRB- the sound of ringtones and while talking is awesome . When you turn the ringing volume up its EXTREMELY LOUD , so you never have to wish it were louder . Signal is great . The included ringtones and wallpapers arent the best -LRB- there are only 4 wallpapers -RRB- but you can get some others online . all in all , GREAT phone !!!
 It is better than my T720 which just clunked out on me this week . I can hear other people fine with just one bar of signal . However they ca n't hear me I plan to test it out more tomorrow when I have a stronger signal at work . It is easy to use . I can not use it inside my house . But the only phone I have ever been able to ues inside here was on MCI . I love this phone . My fav extra feature is the alarm clock . I even goes off if the phone is powered off !!!
 This case is full-grain leather with black elastic sides.It was too snug when I first opened it , but afterI stuffed it with a sweatsock and let it sit for a day , it was fine . The catch does not open accidentallyand the belt clip is very well made and seems very sturdy indeed.This case gives your Kick a rather serious/professional look.It 's far more attractive than the workaday case that ships with the Sidekick . So this should be on your list if you are casting about for a pleasing replacement for the original case .
 I absolutely love the pink kangaro case for my cell phone . Now I do n't lose it in the car or have to fiddle for it when I walk . Now I need one for my new Ipod . Thanks , sam
 My mom needed a replacement phone and I was excited to phone this phone unlocked and at a great price . She is totally satisfied with the phone . The speakerphone is one of her favorite features . The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips .
 I bought this phone to replace my T-Mobile flip phone . I inserted the sim and powered it up , just like I had read in all the reviews it powered up in chinese , took me 3 different areas to totally remove the chinese and have it read all english . Phone has excellent reception , 10mb internal storage and a FM radio to boot . I live in Texas and have had ZERO issues with the phone , it works just like the american edition . The phone is slim enough to fit in a shirt pocket , very sleek and easy to use .
 For use outside the United States especially in Africa , one always needs a quad band unlocked cell phone like this one . I ordered and received two of these from Amazon and shipped them to my folks in Africa . They received them with joy and they jumped into jubilation when they put in their sim card and it started working at once without ant hitch like decoding or anything like that . And they made a call from it to me here in the US . Amazing is n't it ? One cousin was even crazy about the ability of the phone to receive the local FM radio transmission in Africa.So then for the L6i to be described as an `` International Version '' , was proved right when my folks got their phone working . However for use in the US please go for the ordinary L6 without the ` i ' . Hahahaaaaaa !!! For People traveling outside the US and for those who are here on a short visit if you are looking for gifts for friends and family I strongly recommend this low-priced phone with camera , internet , organizer , SD slot , and FM Radio . I bought some for my friends and they are in use right now . Please buy one or more today .
 The good : The PN-300 is a PHONE . It is not a palm top computer ... it is not a camera ... it is not an Ipod ... it is not a GPS navigation system ... it is not video player ... it is not an internet access device ... it is not a media storage and playback device ... and it is not a video game player Yup , that 's all good . What else ? It has good reception . It has excellent voice quality . The battery life is very good , and it has all the features you need to use it as a PHONE . Like what ? A one button speakerphone with good sound quality , voice dialing -LRB- the good kind which records your voice -RRB- , the ability to assign individual ring tones to contacts in your phone book , and most beautiful and wonderful and best of all , THE FONT SIZE IS BIG ENOUGH THAT YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BE 15 YEARS OLD TO READ IT ! The clock on the main screen is big and easy to read , and the ring on high is actually loud enough -LRB- what a concept !? -RRB- The menu and customization features are reasonably comprehensive , and include what you need . In general , this phone is easy to hear , easy to use , easy to see -LRB- relative to most others -RRB- , has clear/clean voice quality , and good reception.The negative?OK , it 's not perfect . Reception may not be as good as the very best out there right now . That said , reception and transmission seem as good as most that I 've tried , and quite adequate . It is n't tiny . It 's about the size of my -LRB- lost -RRB- LG 6100 . It 's an inch thick and when the stub antenna is added , 4 inches long . The front screen is difficult to read -LRB- Pantech apparently feels that pretty is far more important than functional -RRB- and though the front screen is better than most , it could be a lot better -LRB- and by that I mean it could be easier to read as opposed to being a color screen with macroscopic font and photo caller ID -RRB- What would I change ? Well , since it is n't a PDA , camera , GPS , web surfer , Ipod , video game player , it seems like it could be less chunky . An internal antenna , top quality reception/transmission , and a significantly more compact package would be nice . I 'd make the front screen high contrast black on white . I like to see an option for black on white display theme -LRB- the PN-300 does include a white wallpaper choice ... indicating there is at least one genius at Pantech -RRB- . A choice for a larger font size and a longer list of ring tones would be useful.Conclusion
 I got this for my dad and saw him open it and use it for the first time . It 's been a few weeks since Christmas and it has n't broken or anything . It was a bit of a snug fit but the next size up would have been too big . My dad said his old one was fake leather and looked nice but started to fade and fall apart in a short period of time . This one seems more durable .
 I purchased this case in an effort to find a case that looked nice but did not draw too much attention to my phone . Also , I wanted it to protect my phone . This case does that . I like that fact that is fits the phone perfectly ; like a glove , and does not hinder usage in any way.Another plus it the fact that the case is clear . This , I do n't know if it was intentional , allows for the lights to really reflect off of the case when blinking -LRB- messages , bluetooth , etc -RRB- , making the phone visible and giving it a really cool effect with the top of the case glowing in low to no light situations.The case feels nice on the phone and does not hinder putting the phone in your pocket or anything like that.I do n't use the clip that came with the case because I am not one who clips my phone on my belt , but if used , it may be a tad uncomfortable as it is pretty big .
 The belt clip is large and cumbersome . The case , however is perfect . It does not cover the screen or keypad . It fits tight and looks sharp . I drop phones , frequently . This has been a lifesaver .
 This is a great protective case for the Blackberry Pearl and I highly recommend it . But make sure you buy a protective screen saver too becasue the screen area is open . I do n't use the belt clip , but it does come with the case , along with the other needed hardware to make the clip effective . I have received allot of compliments on this case and you ca n't beat it for the price .
 I bought this item for my sister . And she likes this much !! she says it is so clear and fits just perfect you do n't even have to worry about mounting and removing the case , everything it 's so easy .
 I bought this for my blackberry pearl . It snaps right onto the phone wihtout any problems at all ... it did get a little tricky when it came to puttint the clip on the back of the phone , You have to use this tacky strip and a screw to put it in this square hole ... very odd but we figured it out . the clip allows you to flip the phone to a 360 degree angle , and is easy to remove from wherever you have it clipped from . It was a very good price , it is still in once piece so I would say all in all it is a good deal .
 This clear hard plastic case is great , my only problem is that I do n't want the clip 100 % of the time and although the clip removes so easily , the bracket for attachment is very hard -LRB- not worth it -RRB- to remove .
 I am very pleased with this Blackberry case . It came without the belt clip attached , which was perfect as I did n't have to fight to remove it . And , being that it is clear , I can still `` enjoy '' having a red phone ! A good buy all around !
 Great product ! Could have had a better description but all in all totally worth it .
 I do n't like the plastic belt clip but the clear cover is all I wanted anyway . By the way , you can take the plastic knob off . You just need a really small screw driver -LRB- like the kind you use to fix your glasses -RRB- . The first day I put it on my Pearl , I dropped it . Not even a scratch on the cover . And for an unexpected bonus , the indicator light reflects off the clear plastic to make it easier to see if I have any messages or alerts .
 I really like this clear little case . I have dropped my phone a few times and the edge is cracked . I was worried that I was going to have to get a new phone . But this case protects the cracked edge . And now I can finally clip it onto my jeans . Yeah . Fast Shipping . Great product . Thanks !
 Fast service , inexpensive and great item to protect your Blackberry , I am still able to use all the ports with the case on the Blackberry .
 This case is exactly what I expected . After buying a clear case for my ipod ... then dropping the ipod and it survived ... I wanted the same for my blackberry . I finally found this product online . I had some difficultly snapping it on the phone , because it 's a tight fit . But once on , I 've had no problems with it .
 after the second time i took off the cover to clean the phone the case broke
 For a cent , why not ? You pay for it in shipping , but where do n't you pay shipping these days ? The case fits around the phone . The only problem I have with it is that it does n't feel snug , and the plastic seems cheap ; but it actually is . the knob in the back is at times awkward , and i do n't use the belt clip . But mainly , I know the case will protect my phone when i inevitably drop it . I have one for my iPod too , and it certainly protected that . RECOMMENDED !
 We bought this battery to replace a cell phone battery which would n't hold a charge . Months later , with continual use , it still works perfectly .
 hi , I was doubtfull about it when I bought but the delivery was fast and when I open the packing and put it on the Pearl it matched it perfectly ... infact some of my friends couldnt even notice that I had a cover on my phone ... I would suggest it to everyone ... ThanksP S
 Perfect fit on phone and easy to install at a great price . Does the trick perfect . I love this case , it does not make the phone bulky .
 Guys mark my word , this is one of the best case I 've ever seen for this price ...
 I was in a restaurant with my phone on the table and as the waiter passed by , he asked where i bought such a nice case for my Pearl . A friend sitting next to me said that she didnt even notice that there was a case on the phone . I guess thats the biggest compliment for this case .
 The crystal case is very good . Especially the smoke color gives my phone a good feel . Good protection overall I should say . Arrived promptly . Doesnt feel like a cover at all -LRB- like someone already mentioned -RRB- Downside - No Screen protectionA bit thick -LRB- which makes it sturdy -RRB- . But could have used a tougher and thinner material to make it really sleek.Overall , a great buy for my pearl 8100
 ordered a case that came w / a belt clip . i emailed them to switch the order to one w/out . they were quick to respond + we made the exchange . good customer service .
 THIS VERY NICE AND AFFORDABLE CASE . THE PHONE MORE PROTECTED . CA N'T BE BETTER THAN THIS . I CAN STILL SHOW OFF TO MY FRIENDS AND LOOKS GOOD IN THE CASE .
 Does what its suppose to do . The top of the case kind of hinders the top drag down screen of the EVO and you have to put a little more effort in using the drag feature .
 I always want to protect my phone , and this case does just that.Pro : If covers majority of the phonethe back is a hard material -LRB- probably cardboard -RRB- Comes with a clip for your belt -LRB- which I have no used -RRB- COns : It makes the keyboard much smaller , have to get use to the leather being close to the side of the keyboard.bit of a hassle plugging the phone in.The price.The notification bar is kinda hard to drag down.If you do n't mind the cons and want to protect your phone , then I would suggest buying this.EDIT : :
 I got this case for my husband about 3 weeks ago and it has worked great ! The case has a good bit of padding all around which makes it very protective . We did n't use the clip included because he prefers to have it in his pocket so I do n't know how the clip actually works.The only setbacks to this product is that he has to take the case out to charge it on his iphone dock we have because the case is too thick for this , but I 'm sure that if you have different accessories it may not be an issue for you . Next setback is the fact that the edges on the front of the case make it a bit hard to reach the keys at the edge when typing.But I am willing to sacrifice a little bit -LRB- very little -RRB- of easiness in order to avoid accidents!I am definitely recommending this product !
 I use my Blackberry 8300 World phone when I go to London , the battery had exploded and I was about to toss the phone until I discovered these . Thank you .
 Got the batteries in no time ! Could n't find anywhere but here and the price was great . Blackberries still work but not a battery around to be had . This solved the problem !
 Thought it was new . Performance outstanding . Will definitely recommend to all my friends if they need a battery at a good price .
 The battery showed up on or earlier than scheduled with a charge on it , till I could fully charge it . It has maintained the charge and seems to be as good as the last battery that lasted over 3 years .
 I received this item in a very timely manner . The value was fantastic and I can count on my phone holding a charge for the first time in a very long time .
 Purchased this as a replacement for an old phone.The original battery had sat in the phone for about 2 years , and was no longer any good.Once I began using this I was very happy with the battery life . With my normal daily routine with checking emails , texting , and the occasional phone call , not to mention my daily alarm , the battery life lasts about 2 days.I have had this batter now for several months , and I am still very pleased with the quality of this .
 strong , long life , fit phone perfect , would buy again , exclent replacment for the price , thanks for the great service , yaa baby .
 The batteries are the exact ones we needed for our phone . They hold a charge a long time and work as expected . We are pleased with this product .
 My Blackberry 8820 battery port stopped working . So to still utilize the phone , I needed an extra battery and an external battery charger . Now while using one battery , the other is charging . Now I can still use my otherwise perfect phone . What a life saver !
 Searching the brick and mortar stores yielded little more than frustration . Most places wanted sums more than $ 30 . A few clicks on Amazon revealed a more affordable alternative to being `` a slave to retail '' . I paid a fraction of the cost and it was delivered to my front door.If I HAD to have it at that moment , I would 've had to drive 45 minutes out of my way to save $ 5 over the `` manufacturers suggested retail price '' . Thankfully , I was able to exert a little control over my compulsion and saved 5x that amount . At the cost of a weekend of waiting for the mail .
 My Blackberry charger port is broken and that part amazingly is not under warranty . My options are to buy another phone for $ 449.00 , buy one on Ebay for $ 130.00 , or buy an external charger and spare battery . This choice for less than $ 20.00 works super . Each night I take the days battery out and replace with the extra . It works great .
 I first I was wary of this purchase but the battery is worth it . I have n't had any problems thus far .
 I bought from these guys and i got a great battery which came on time and i got it for cheap and yes the battery holds a excellent charge !!
 I just hit the enter Key and the batties were at the door the units worked well I just placed a order for more
 I needed another battery for my Blackberry and everywhere I looked it was $ 30-40 . This retailer had a great price of just $ 6 and shipped it free . I 'm am thoroughly satisfied .
 A great buy . Exactly what we wanted . Will purchase from this buy again .
 I needed an extra battery and this was exactly what I needed for a great price . No complaints .
 This battery sells for $ 59 at Verizon - if it were in stock , $ 49 at Batteries + - if it were in stock , and only $ 13.76 + $ 2.98 shipping here - and it IS IN STOCK . Same battery . No Brainer .
 Works just like the one that comes with the 8800 , 'cause it * is * the one that comes with the 8800 . It would be nice if it had a higher power density -LRB- which is achievable using current technology -RRB- so that the 8800 would last a bit longer between charges . High capacity batteries are available -LRB- sadly , not at Amazon -RRB- but make the 8800 thicker with the included replacement back shell .
 I was very happy with my BlackBerry Battery . It was a great savings and works just fine -- all one could ask for .
 Like most , I bought this item new . But it was obvious a used product . But for the price I paid , Im satisfied with the battery . It usually will last me the most of the day .
 Lasts about a day in an 8830 . That 's about the same as the OEM battery for me .
 Works great . Holds a charge equal to the battery that came with my BB . The vendor shipped quickly .
 I finally replaced my Blackberry battery after two years . Forgot how good these batteries actually are . Kept my old one as a backup but found I do n't really need it . Can go all day without charging for the most part -- and I use my phone a lot !
 Works great - seems to hold a charge longer than the original which came with the smartphone . Vendor was super-quick .
 I bought this battery as a replacement for a weak battery in a Blackberry 8800 . It was purchased from the Amazon merchant Webtreo . Delivery was prompt and the battery looks identical to the OEM battery that came with the Blackberry . I have been using the new battery for about three weeks without any problems . This appears to be an OEM battery at a fraction of the price I would have had to pay AT&T for the same battery .
 Works as intended . I keep it as a backup to my main battery . Ca n't tell which battery came with the phone and which one was the extra now . I got this one shortly after buying my 8830 , and both batteries seem to have the same amount of talk time . I have no complaints .
 Looks great , functional , I bought one for work and one for home .
 Functional , simple , understated ... perfect for the office . I bought a cradle/charger but it would n't hold my Curve with it 's rubberized skin , so this was a great alternative . I 'm very happy with it .
 This is a really attractive addition to my desk.I no longer lose my Blackberry in a pile of paper.Very stylish .
 First off , I like the stand and would buy it again . Its just not what I initially expected . My expectation from the pictures was this stand was rigid , but its not . When I received the order , I was really confused . It was delivered in a flat mail envelope . I was wondering if they sent me the correct item . After opening the package , the stand was flat and needed to be folded at the creases . Once folded correctly , 2 internal magnets keep the stand from unfolding . The only issue I have is my 8310 does n't fit as snug in the stand as I would like . But it does n't fall out . Other than that , the construction and quality are top notch .
 For the money , good product . Does exactly what it says , and very simple . Shop around for the best price , they are all the same .
 This stand works great for my new blackberry . I looks nice on the desktop and even fits the blackberry with the new cover I bought for it .
 This is a great product for the money , which will allow your BB to sit upright on top of your desk . It uses a magnet inside the leather which , when lined up appropriately , will form the stand . When not in use it will fold flat .
 Shipped quick and stand the phone up great . Folds flat and fits in pocket too .
 Absolutely great for travel . it folds flat to fit in briefcase and holds any candy bar phone upright on a desk etc. .
 So I was looking for a stand for my desk at work , I was really tired on laying my BlackBerry down & having it lost in a pile of papers or since I have a `` work '' setting not knowing who was calling until I picked up the phone . This seemed to fit the bill & the price was right so I went for it . SO glad I did ! It 's perfect for what I wanted , a simple yet nice stand that keeps my BB upright at a good angle & the best part is that it will hold it while it 's in the silicone sleeve ! It 's made of a nice leather & magnet system so if you need to travel with it , it will hardly take up any room at all , it folds totally flat . It even has `` BlackBerry '' imprinted across the front , something I had n't noticed when I ordered it , it 's a nice touch . It also has 2 holes in the back flap , I 'm guessing it 's so you can thread the charging cord through to keep it neat . If you 're looking for a subtle phone holder that will look good on probably any desk I 'd highly recommend this one .
 I actually liked the look of this so much that I bought it for my iPhone !!! It probably fits most any phone , but I liked the idea that it would stand out on my cluttered desk . It 's perfect . I can use my phone with out even taking it -LRB- very easy -RRB- out of the stand . It may have `` Blackberry '' printed on it , but you have to look real close to see it . For the price , it 's just what this Dr. ordered .
 Good service . Product shipped on time . Price was fantastic and it works and looks great . I like especially that it holds my blackberry with the `` skin '' on it . Other cradles require removal of skin to get the phone to seat properly . It 's a low tech solution that works great .
 Looks great , works great . Folds flat for travel . I purchased one for home and one for the office .
 I received the product in a very timely manner , although one of the items was the wrong type . I then contacted the retailer and they were very professional and responsive in sending out the correct version . Thank You !
 I unwrapped the battery and dropped it into my Motorola V551 . It 's working very well .
 Battery was exactly as described . Upon charging battery has been performing very well . Excellant savings on a replacement battery .
 This battery is excellent . The battery is better then the new one that came with the phone .
 This is a good battery , and it got here really fast . The charge does n't last as long as I would like , lasting about 2-3 days with moderate use , and it takes a while to charge fully , but it is a good price ...
 I am highly satisfied with this product . My original no longer maintains a good charge . I looked for a reasonable replacement and found it here.It fits perfect , charges well , and maintains a very long charge . Upon receiving the battery , I placed in my V555 and charged it , expecting it to take some 15 hours to charge initially . It probably took three to four . After two full days of use -LRB- voice and texting -RRB- , the battery indicator still shows four bars -LRB- Full -RRB- . My original battery would go dead in less than day with use .
 I have used my Mustek Bluetooth headset with my laptop for VoIP calls without any problem on the part of the headset . I use Skype for calls , and once my B.T. preferences were configured , the Skype program allowed me to select my headset for both audio input and output . I use it infrequently -LRB- 15 min . calls every few days -RRB- and have not needed to recharge it YET . This may not be standard for everyone but it is a good product to keep around as it is very useful with my calling situation.It is suprisingly light and fits comfortably on the ear with no discomfort after a few minutes use . The user guide is easy to understand and makes set-up very simple.I would recommend this headset without reservation as this product is not a big name in phone gear , but provides very good service for the price . The sound quality is good for all calls , but I have not paired this with a bluetooth cell phone , and have no baseline for quality . With Skype , there is a loss of quality due to Skype 's limitations , but I can not see this having much effect on call quality with a cell phone .
 There 's not much to say -- The battery charged up , holds a charge and seems to be doing a good job powering my cell phone -- at a super price to boot ! Thanks for the product and fast shipping !
 Product is performing as required.Phone providers were less than helpful.If this battery lasts as long as the original I will be more than pleased.Delivery was as promised and exceeded my expectations.I will deal with amazon again in the future .
 Went to replace phone battery at local AT&T store . Was told that they did n't make the battery anymore , and even if I could find it it would cost $ 40 to $ 50 dollars . Ended up with a new phone , and wondering `` What just happened ? '' Found battery on web , took new phone back . Got the battery and delivery for a little over $ 5 .
 Its a battery that works and functions like a battery.It lasts about as long as 3 days.Awesome price and shipping speed .
 Worked as advertised . Alot cheaper than buying a new phone during this day and age . Now we 'll see if this one lasts eight years also .
 This battery was the correct one and it works so much better . Our cell phones just were n't holding a charge very long anymore . We still liked the phones we have ; so we just bought the batteries .
 I found this product to be the perfect replacement for the original battery . Great performance , great price . I would n't hesitate to use this vendor 's product again .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY HUSBAND , BUT HE LIKES THE BIGGER PHONES . IT WORKS PERFECT FOR ME !!!
 Worked perfectly -LRB- going back , doing reviews on products I bought a while ago -RRB- . The seller shipped it fast .
 Amazon makes it easy to get spare parts - the phone dealers do n't have the part in stock and make it difficult to order . The phone is great if you just need a phone . So this new replacement battery came through and the phone is running like new again .
 Not everything that I do with my mobile device is with the device in between my thumbs . A good amount of time I am in front of a computer but accessing some of the programs on my mobile for a quick reference . It is then that the JAVOedge Cradle for the Treo 680/750 comes in handy.In addition to just propping up the Treo so that I can see when a call comes in , just being able to sync my mobile easily is a lifesaver.The angle of the JAVOedge cradle is good enough to almost be a second working screen . The other thing that makes the cradle nice to work with is just sitting my mobiles off to side but within earshot of an alarm.Of course , the blue light on the cradle is a bit intense , but overall , its a simple and elegant accessory in those times when I am on the go in terms of letting me know my device is being topped of for the next mobile run.And even if you do n't ever take this cradle out of your house , it is a better option than just the cables your Treo came with .
 Item arrived quickly and works great . The Blue light on thecharger is Very Bright - could be a good thing if you need to see if it 's charging .
 This case looks very good . It appears to be made of high quality leather . My treo sits well in it and is easy to put in and take out.The latch is magnetic , easy to open and close , and keeps the treo safe from the elements.It is little difficult to secure it on your belt the first few times . But then it gets easier . You do not feel like a big thing is hanging off of you : - -RRB- Highly recommended .
 This case appears to be identical to ones sold by Wireless Emporium and AccessoryOne . It also appears virtually identical to the widely lauded Smart Phone Experts P6 case , although it is not clear to me whether the original P6 case had the snap-down interior flap behind which two SD cards may be stored.First things first . The case that I have -LRB- and thus , most likely all of the very similar cases I mentioned -RRB- is definitely NOT real leather . I am an analytical chemist , so I used reflection IR spectroscopy to determine that the case -LRB- including the material wrapping the clip -RRB- is actually a polyurethane-based imitation leather . Having said that , the case looks nice and I was n't expecting real leather in this price range anyway . -LSB- Edit
 this case is nice . for the price ... i expected a cheap piece -LSB- ... -RSB- . boy was i surprised . it even smelled nice and leathery new . i actually bought it for my nokia 6682 . its a perfect fit . the case even has this little card holder . maybe u can put a credit card , business card , etc. its very nice . dont pay 30 dollars at the phone stores . if ur phone fits ... go with this one . u wont be sorry .
 My husband has used the Treo phone/PDA for the past 2 years and many belt clips and holsters later , he swears by this model ! Especially the horizontal fit and easy access flap . Also delighted to find it at HALF the price than in cell phone stores - THANKS AMAZON !
 I have had this for about 2 months and and love the case and it seems to be holding up to my rough treatment , however about 2 weeks into owning it , I realized there was a scuff mark on my Treo starting to form . It is right near the ear-piece , I thought I may have dropped the phone or something , but over the next few weeks it began to get worse , I finally realized that it lined up perfectly with the snaps that are inside of this case covering small pockets for caring items . After noticing this I began putting the phone in with the screen facing out , and the antenna pointing forward , does not appear to be making a scuff mark on the back of the phone.Overall a well constructed case , but if you are concerned about the appearance of your Treo make sure you put it in with screen facing out .
 This is a GREAT holster for your Palm or Blackberry product . I use it every day , all day for my Treo 650 . Going horizontal is SO much better ... and the magnetic clip is easy to use and secure.The original Treo 650 case could be swiveled to horizontal but was difficult to open quickly . The leather also looks much nicer in an executive environment . The price was fair and the delivery was quick.If you carry your palm all the time like I do ... in and out of cars ... at work and at home ... this is a GREAT case !
 My Treo 650 Device fits in perfectly fine . It adjusts to the belt pretty nicely . I 'm little surprised with the quality of the leather pouch . -LRB- Wish it was better quality . -RRB- I guess it all comes down to get what you pay.I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a case for Treo Devices .
 Works exactly as expected . Strong clip . Easy to clip on , stays put . Fits Nokia E62 .
 I got this pouch for my 700w treo . It fits nicely . Leather is nice . It has a side pocket for keeping creadit/business cards . But you can not keep too many only 3-4 .
 I have tried several models of pouches for my Treo , and this one beats all the others hands down . Other models have serious safety issues for the phone tends to fall out or the clip breaks or loosens . Others are bulky and unconfortable and others are difficult to use with one hand . This model I like because it keeps the phone well protected , it is easy to retrieve it with one hand and to put it back in . It is also well constructed , the leather is both good looking and durable , and the belt clip is very sturdy and durable as well . I have owned all other models , including the hard case , and this is by far the one I prefer . Highly recomended .
 I am very happy with my pouch . The only criticism I have is that the shipping was little high . I paid 4.99 for the pouch and 4.99 for the shipping . I think the shipping could have been 50 % less .
 I am very pleased with my Treo holder . It clips securely to my belt and my phone is easily accessible .
 I bought this for a Treo 650 originally , but now I have upgraded to a Treo 680 . I have been using the case for my skinned Treo 680 for at least 4 months . It took a little getting use to pulling my Treo 680 out of the case without a protruding antenna , but I am very use to it now , and could n't be more happier.I usually clip the case onto my Jean pocket , or a thin leather belt . Both scenarious hold the case in place securely . The magnets are strong , and I have never had either phone fall out of the case.I have had 4 or 5 other case solutions before this one , and this is definitely the Best !
 This pouch is great . Its much better than the generic PDA pouch that I had before . It even has slots to store 2 memory cards .
 This is the best phone pouch that I have owned .
 This pouch is excellent . It fits my Treo 700p like a glove and it is hardly noticeable on my belt . The belt clip is very strong and sometimes takes a hefty shove to go over my belt , but that is probably a good thing .
 Much better quality of Treo holster than I have had in the past . This one should last a while .
 Good product for the price . Better than Inksel . Not as good as new cartridges , but I get a good print for home use .
 This is my second replacement battery for my cell phone . The last one did n't hold a charge very long even w/out using the phone . This battery holds a charge even when actually using it to talk . After a 4 hour phone call the battery still kept going for a couple more days w/out needing a charge . I am quite happy with this battery and that it does n't need constant charging when in standby mode .
 This was just what my cell phone needed to renew and give it new life !!!
 Bought this for my father-in-law . He loves it ... lasts longer than original did he says . Much cheaper than going to the mall kiosk .
 Great product for a great price which delivered great power to my phone . Never had a problem as long as I owned this phone -LRB- 21/2 years -RRB- .
 I am not one of those early adopter kinds so really wait for the technolody to mature before getting a product . . I did n't have to wait too long for a great wireless bluetooth headset . I have no complaints . . Using it for about 3 months . . Worth every penny . . The only problem is that this is so well disguised that people around me sometimes look at me oddly or think i am speaking to them . . Recommend greatly . .
 If you own a phone with bluetooth then you need one of these headsets . I waited a while before ordering the item for the price to come down and it did to a reasonable amount here at Amazon.com . The unit works great . I was surprised by the clarity and reception . My only complaint is with Jabra . It would be nice to have some sort of battery meter on the unit . That way you know when to recharge . For those interested I am using it with a Sony 610 .
 I 'll admit that I bought this shape of Bluetooth headset because it would n't interfere with my piercings . It synced very well initially with my Sony T616 ; it only took two tries with the ` simple ' instructions , and it does n't get interference from other people 's BT phones around me . My only real complaints are that I wish it would only pick up when I use the button on the headset , not the phone body ; and that the sound is a bit muddy , though not terrible . Perhaps I 'm spoiled by the T616 and my headphones , but I 'd really like a bit more treble . Also , the blue LED can be a bit obnoxious , but that 's covered easily with some electrical tape .
 I got this after i sold my BT200 . . well i can say i 'm not having the range issues as the people in the other review say . . the only problem i have is that after leaving it a while it goes dead , even if it is off . . i dont know what its problem is but i have it sitting there and i dont know if its charging becuase the blue led isnt lit up : -LRB-
 There is on extremely important reason I chose this earpiece `` COMFORT '' . This unit is so comfortable and secure in the ear you forget it is there . I tried a couple of the motorola units and they were not nearly as comfortable . They kept falling off the ear and when I moved my head from side to side they would swing off the ear . This unit sits behind the ear very unobtrusively.As for the functionality this unit is very easy work . The setup is quick and easy . Bur this probably depends on what phone you have . The sound quality is good and the battery life is excellent . Do n't waste your money on a cheaper earpiece buy this one .
 The only reason I gave this tiny instrument a 4 * rather than a 5 * is because of the easy falling nature of this headset . It does not fit tightly onto the ear but just sits loosely on the ear making you feel that it might fall of any time , but not so the case majority of the times.Other than this I have absolutely nothing to complain about . It paired easily with my 6620 . The voice and sound clarity is the best you can find . On one instance the person on the other side of the line did indicate the sound clarity was much better when paired with the headset rather than directly talking on the phone . Astonishing ! Also the 6620 does give a indicator showing if the bluetooth headset is attached , so when you do press the answer button on the phone , you can expect your your headset to take control . The answer button is on the top of the headset which is satisfactory taking into consideration that its a wireless headset and given the volume control button , there hardly any place to place the answer button . No complains about that . The battery does drain but not as quickly as some have mentioned in their reviews.Looking at some of the neagtive reviews earlier I was very sceptical on buying this , but this headset has proved itself . It does however eat a lot of battery power of the mobile when talking , but that is common for all bluetooth headsets.Previously I did own a Motorola Headset and this one has just proved its a much better headset than any other there in the market.All in all this is a very good headset for the said price .
 I just got this headset with my new Treo 650 phone , and it works fine . The pairing process is fairly simple , there are two versions supplied in the book to allow for different capabilities in various phones . I 've never used a Bluetooth headset before this one , so I ca n't compare to other models , but sound quality and usability seems great.It does take some getting used to in terms of how you put it on your ear , but not overly so . I can definitely recommend this product .
 Simply stated , this little device is superb in both form & function . The sound quality is amazingly clear & it is so lightweight ; fits snugly behind the ear so you do n't even feel it . Sure beats a wire hanging around . I love it !
 I 've had this headset for about a month now and at first I was very satisfied . I like the shape , it 's comfortable enough to wear all day -LRB- and I wear it from 7:30 a.m. to about 9:00 p.m. -RRB- , and the battery lasts almost forever . The headset loads into the charger like a knife into its sheath . The charger even has an accessory belt clip so you can carry it with you as a holster for the headset . The sound is loud and clear unless you drive with your windows down , and the ear gel can be adjusted to put the sound right where you want it . So why 4 stars?My only complaint is that aside from being wearable on either ear , this headset is totally NOT adjustable . Perhaps the shape of my face and/or ear is unusual , but the earpiece keeps pulling away from my ear . Add to that the fact that the headset wants to work itself off my ear entirely , and the lack of adjustability is a problem for me . Lest anyone wonder , I 'm not a small person and my ears sit stylishly flat against my head.I solved the foregoing problems by cutting a heavy duty paperclip to length , bending it into the appropriate shape , and taping it to the headset with electrician 's tape . Then I bent the wire so that the earpiece fits snugly into my ear . As a bonus , the tape adds a little extra bulk around the upper loop of the headset , which helps hold everything in place . Problem solved , but why not engineer some adjustibility in during design?I 'd still buy it , no problem there , but I ca n't give it five stars because the lack of built-in adjustibility is , to me , a definite oversight .
 I 've have the BT250 as well as two other Sony Bluetooth headsets -LRB- HBH-300 and HBH-600 -RRB- . The in-ear design make for easier hearing , even in loud situations . The profile is also much lower-key , it 's still noticeable , but not as obnoxious as others.I charge it every night , alongside my Sony K700i phone , and have n't had a problem with battery life . I use it regularly on my 120-mile roundtrip commute.One warning ... I 've actually purchase three of these because I broke the first two . The product seems very flexible , but do n't try to stretch or pull them too far or you 'll damage them . Do n't let your two-year old kids do that either .
 I 've dropped it , stepped on it , laundered it , put it in the dryer , etc. etc. . The thing still works . I 'm amazed and impressed . -LRB- I 've also lost it twice ... once for over a month and a half . This thing is resilient . -RRB- Putting it on quickly enough to answer a call can be tricky , but walking around with it on all day evokes stares from both IT techies and soccer moms alike . Sound quality is solid.I use mine with a BlackBerry 7290 , and I love it .
 Before buying this headset , I tried on practically every other headset on the market . None of them would stay on my ear . I have a small head and small ears , and I wanted something low profile that would stay on while I was walking . This headset is nice and snug and works great . I highly recommend it to anyone who has trouble finding headsets that fit .
 I tried two other Bluetooth headsets before this one . Both of the prior ones did n't fit right , were hard to hear , and provided poor voice quality -LRB- despite being made by a major vendor -RRB- . I was about to give up after multiple trips to BestBuy , and decided to give Amazon a try -LRB- since the local BestBuys were out of Jabra products -- and now I see why -RRB- . The Jabra arrived , and saved the day ! It charged right up in its cool cradle , matched with the phone -LRB- Treo 650 -RRB- immediately , and fit beautifully . It 's lightweight , you can hear the people you 're calling , and you sound great to them . I 'm very impressed by the design -LRB- fit , form factor , buttons , charger -RRB- and utility . What a find !
 The FreeSpeak is no doubt a reasonably good performer . The sound on it is reasonably clear and the microphone does a good job too . My only complaint on it is that once I paired mine and turn the kit on , my PDA -LRB- a Sony Clie PEG-UX50 -RRB- would no longer be able to connect to the phone -LRB- a SonyEricsson T610 -RRB- via bluetooth unless the kit is switched back off . Could be a flaw with either the phone 's design and/or the Bluetooth specification -LRB- I never really did test it with a different phone to verify the problem -RRB- , but since I am able to receive calls while my PDA is connected to the internet -LRB- I have GPRS enabled on my line -RRB- , it would be nice to be able to answer a call without either talking on my phone or taking the PDA offline . Still , a good starter kit if you do n't have any other Bluetooth device paired with your phone.Update
 Very comfortable and fits well , very light-weight , good battery life , great sound quality and volume on both ends of the conversation -LRB- unless too windy -RRB- . I only have one complaint when using the BT250 with my Motorola v551 phone
 I bought 2 of these headsets -LRB- one for me and one for the girlfriend -RRB- on recommendation by my Cingular sales guy . It was either the BT250 for $ 80 or the Moto HS810 for $ 99 . Not knowing too much about Bluetooth headsets at the time , I opted for the BT250 . Two weeks later and I 'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.It took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear , but I 'm sure most , if not all , Bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience . The other minor inconvenience are the buttons ; they do n't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky.If it 's one thing I would REALLY like , then it 's a replaceable -LSB- rechargeable -RSB- battery . I 'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.Regardless , I have found the BT250 to be a better value than the HS810 .
 Paired with a nokia 6230 . Awesome headset . The battery life is pretty long . It feels really light on your ear and the sound is excellent.Some of these people must be going deaf or something because this thing can get loud . I never have the volume at max when I use this . And if this thing feels heavy on your ear , you must have ears the size of nickels . Or you 're using two of them on the same ear ... i do n't know.Whenever I use this I sometimes forget I have them it until the unit rings ... which makes me twitch because I 'm not expecting a ring blasting thru my ear.I hate : - wind noise . You ca n't carry a conversation when you 're driving with the windows down . or walking and the wind blowing in your face.-voice dialing may or may not work.-it makes my phone hang and reset . but that could be a phone problem in general.-30 feet ? more like 10 . 15 at best .
 I picked up this headset the other day and I 'm relatively pleased with it . Despite a few bad reviews , the sound quality is acceptable for making telephone calls and dicatation , though the sampling rate is obviously too low to listen to music with it . I easily paired it with a Sony-Ericsson t68i and my 15 '' Powerbook running Mac OS X 10.3.8 . My quick testing with iChat AV was positive and it seems quite usable for use with an iSight for the voice portion of a call . I also was able to set the sound output to the headset and am currently listening to some music with it , but the low sample rate and the fact that it is n't in stereo makes this only a novelty . Nevertheless , it is still useful when a real pair of headphones are not available.The range , as mentioned in other reviews , is n't amazing , but was sufficient to move about an average-sized room and worked intermittently through a cinder block wall.It fit fairly comfortably on my ear and seems to easily hide , though is a bit cumbersome to put on at first . The multiple earpieces are also a plus . The dual charger/belt clip is an interesting idea , but seems to be poorly executed . It seems somewhat unstable , so I 'm not sure I 'd actually keep it on my belt . However , it might not be bad for riding around clipped to something inside of my backpack.All in all , it 's not a bad device , though there is certainly some room for improvement . I 'd probably buy it again , having used it for a little while .
 I owned two versions of this unit . One with the Nokia 3650 -LRB- apparently the 3650 requires a specific type as compared to some of the other BT phones -RRB- and the second one that I currently own is with the Motorola V600.This comparison will cover both Jabra units and will compare them to the Nokia HDW-2 Blutooth adapter as well as the Motorola HS-820 bluetooth adapters.The jabra unit boasts a much better design . The other two sit on the ear and feel extremely awkward . The jabra design provides a much better and more comfortable fit even with glasses on . the other two has flimsy over the ear plastic pieces that feel very out of place.I felt this unit to be relatively easier to use as compared to the other two . I had NO problems teaming either of the units with the 3650 . I did have to jump through a few hoops to team with the V600.THE most important reason I wanted a BT adapter in the first place was to due to the fact that i get a phone signal in my liviing room and there is no signal at my desk in the basement which is directly under the living room . The reception was about the same for both -LRB- not use-able -RRB- . I also noticed that when I went around the corner , I would lose the signal . true for all units.All in all , I would rate each one as follows on a scale from 1 to 5 : Quality
 Strengths : This headset connects quickly to the phone , is easy to use , and reception is clear . I had a BT200 before this one . Other than the color difference , I asked what is so different ? Upon making my first call with the headset , I immmediately noticed how the transfer of the call from my P900 to the BT250 was almost instantaneous . The reception and clarity of the headset is clear and the connection time is quick . The adjustment time for the user to get used to this device is minimal . Just remember to answer your call by hitting the headset power button quickly . The headset has plenty of charge time to last throughout the day.Weaknesses : One weakness is that you should not use it outside when wind is present . However , this fault is not due to the headset itself . Another weakeness is that the holder of the BT250 needs improvement . I kept the device in my pocket without losing it . Within two days of starting to use the holder with the belt clip , I almost lost the BT250 . Fortunately , I was able to trace my steps to locate it outside my car . Use great caution and be aware of your BT250 if you use the holder on your belt . If you sit down , the holder can easily can easily push the BT250 loose from the holder.Summary : With this headset , you can say goodbye to wires forever . Once you have a truly wireless headset , you will not want to go back to wires . The BT250 quickly connects to the phone , is clear and static free , and is relatively simple to use . Other than the holder of this BT250 , you will enjoy this headset .
 I have been using the Jabra FreeSpeak BT250 for almost a year now . It is pretty good . The only issue I have with it is sometimes it does not speak well to my cell phone if my phone is in my shirt pocket -LRB- left side -RRB- and the Jabra is on the right ear.Recently , I lost the ear piece so I purchased the Motorola HS810 to try it out as the Cingular store guy recommended it . I tried using the Motorola HS810 for about one week and found everyone telling me my calls were full of static and that they could not hear me.So I ordered another Jabra BT250 and am again very happy ! Wish I could return the Motorola ... Michael Zyda
 I purchased my BT250 in the spring in the UK before it was released in the US . I use it with a Nokia 3650 . I find the comfort excellent and the range is better than some other reviewers have reported . I once left the in the trunk of my car -LRB- VW Jetta -RRB- and plugged the headset in anyway . The phone did ring and it sounded fine . On the other hand , I have had breakup when the headset is on one ear and the phone is clipped to the opposite hip.One voice quality , I regularly dial into conference bridges in the UK from the US on my headset while driving . I have no problems being heard.Battery life has been great . I charge mine only a couple of times a month . Mine was advertised with eight days standby time and I turn it off after my commute to work -LRB- about 1 hour each way -RRB- . When I travel I leave the charger at home.I do not use voice tags or voice dialing so can not comment on this point .
 Several years ago I tried an early bluetooth headset that was useless , due to a short battery life . I recently decided to see if the technology had improved , and based on the Amazon reviews , chose the Jabra . The Jabra is a joy to use . I put it in my ear , and often forget it is there . It is great while driving . The sound is loud and clear . In fact , my BlackBerry is sometimes difficult to hear . Tha Jabra solves that problem , with great volume . I have used the thing for hours without ever getting a low battery indication . This is not a gimic . It is a useful and effective tool .
 I 'm one who has always had terrible luck with cellphone headsets . I 've owned corded headsets from all major companies , motorola , jabra , plantronics , sony , and I was dissappointed by all of them . I bought this one with very little hope that it would be any better than the others . Boy was I surprised when I fired this baby up and experienced the sound quality this thing offered . I 'm also quite pleased with how this thing fits on my ear . I was able to try on the Motorola HS810 at a local BestBuy and I did n't like the way it fit . The Jabra feels much more secure . I also like the large eargel that goes into your ear canal . Excllent!I bought this in December 2004 and it is now March 2005 and I want to say that I still love it ! It still works perfectly .
 Ounce for ounce - about a fourth of the cost of Gold.But its way2kool and works well . Star Trek like - with a bright flashing blue light behind your ear.I can hear others loud and clear.Others can hear me loud and clear - even if I talk softly -LRB- the mike is near your earlobe -RRB- . Therefore - meets the base requirements . Now for other things - Its easy to lose - since it is so small.It hides behind your ears and almost disappears from view - others may think you are mad and talking to thin air.Batteries `` may '' be non-replaceable . No mention of this , but I have figured out how the device can be opened -LRB- there is one tiny screw -RRB- and will come to it when the batteries do die . Batteries seem to last many hours - I have n't tested exactly how long.No warning before batteries die . You can be cut off in the middle of a conversation . Some warning beeps would have been nice.I 've paired it in the `` enhanced '' mode with the sony t610 - works just fine if you bother to read the manual and undertake enhanced pairing . You will get problems others mention if you do regular pairing . There are some glitches but those are on the phone side -LRB- I ca n't hear the beep before I voice dial if I am using the headset -RRB- . Voice dialling does not work in a noisy environment - but that is not the headsets fault . It works well otherwise . Nothing to complain - all features mentioned work and do so well.The Sony T610 phone has very limited range with this headset . However , this is a phone issue . I also use this with a Linksys USBBT100 adapter and have absolutely no range problems - signal goes through to the furthest corner of all rooms -LRB- see my Linksys USBBT100 review -RRB- . If only it would `` beam me up '' star trek style .
 The Pros : The function and design of this headset are first rate . Right out of the box it was easy to pair with my Motorola v505 phone.It is small and unobtrusiveThe battery life is really good in standby mode , and lasts several hours of talking . -LRB- and it does issue warning tones when the battery runs low , plus the phone issues a message saying `` headset signal weak - switch to handset ? `` The combo belt clip/charger is a really cool idea . It would have been EVEN COOLER if Jabra had made it compatible with nokia , Moto , and Ericsson phone chargers . Now I have yet ANOTHER power supply to drag with me on trips ... Reception is very good as long as line of sight is unobstructed by anything full of water . I can pump gas in my car with the phone on the passenger seat or wander all over my hotel suite waving my arms wildly while the phone sits in its charging stand on the desk . If there is a body in the way -LRB- or an aquarium , etc -RRB- then the signal drops off -LRB- attenuates -RRB- dramatically . In fact , there is a marked difference between putting the phone on the opposite side of your body from the earpiece when carrying your phone in your pocket . If on the opposite side , the signal degrades noticeably.The Cons : I have been unsuccessful getting it to pair with either my laptop or my PDA however -LRB- an HP iPaq 4155 -RRB- . If you have a bluetooth PDA and use BT to Activesync with your PC , it will interfere with this headset while it is `` connected '' -LRB- from Activesync 's perspective -RRB- . You will hear a constant `` crackling '' noise that sounds like the other person is popping popcorn . It took me a while to figure out . You do n't have to turn off the BT radio on the laptop or PDA , just `` disconnect '' the BT session temporarily while talking . This is a hassle , but not a killer -LRB- one of the reasons for 4 instead of 5 stars -RRB- My biggest problem with the unit is that it does not fit my ears without feeling very insecure . The `` hanging '' design always feels like it is flopping around for me , and if I lean too far to that side , the unit will actually fall off my ear . There is no way to tighten the fit of the unit ; I have already tried different earpieces and positions of the earpieces , but this does n't help . This is the reason why I will probably replace this unit with another . Its a shame , since it is such a nice unit , but the floppiness on my ears is unacceptable.BTW , I am not a midget - I am 5 ' 10 and weigh 160 lbs . I have a fairly narrow face , but I think the bigger issue is that I have small earlobes . If you have small earlobes -LRB- rather than pendulous ones -RRB- you may want to test fit this unit in a store before buying one here . I wish I had ...
 Had this for a year . I get static every time I 'm farther than 5 feet from the phone . Tried to charge it but still no change.Will not buy this again .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS RECOMMENDED AS PURCHASED BY SOME OTHER -LRB- STUPID -RRB- PERSON WHO ALSO BOUGHT THE MOTOROLA V551 . THIS WONDERFUL DEVICE IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE V551 .
 The Jabra I love it alot . Hard to fell of when it on your ear . Some other band when you bow or jump etc. . . it fell out . Battery , long too . Since my bluetooth run out battery in short ; however , my still underwarranty so I call they replace it for me . Still wait for they send me the on replace , but I have to send my to them first .
 I received this little gem for Christmas and now I refuse to speak into the phone itself . This BT enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone.No more complicated setups . As soon as I turned this on , my Nokia found it , recognized it , associated it , and I was speaking into it.The battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on.Once you use this product , you too will never go back to speaking into your phone the old fashioned way .
 I purchased this headset because I was having trouble hearing with the Motorola set I got with my phone . The headset was a snap to set-up , and it is extremely comfortable to wear . My old Motorola set had a tendency to flop around while the Jabra sits comfortably on my ear . Unlike the Motorola , the Jabra 's speaker is designed to fit in the ear , which makes it much easier to hear . It comes with two sizes of ear gels , but even with the large gel , I have to lightly press it into my ear during a conversation in order to achieve optimum volume . It 's range also seems to be a little limited , but all and all it 's a marked improvement over the Motorola headset .
 Excellent battery life and sound quality . I left this in my pocket and it got washed and dried but still works great !
 Hello , I am a scientist in the field of Microwave/RF circuits and systems . I considered several but finally chose the Jabra A210 along with the BT250 Jabra headset . This review is for both items together.A few things to note :1 -RRB- swithcing on and off is not very intuitive for the BT250 , you have to hold down the power button for `` n '' number of seconds , the lights will flash in a certain pre-ordained sequence , but if you do hold down the power button more than what is required -LRB- this is sketchy -RRB- , then the appliances enter set up mode , and the pairing between the adapter and the headset might be lost . The A210 is paired by means of a stylus pressing down a depressed switch on the body of the unit . So its pairing is not affected by the power button . BUT this set -LRB- headset and the adapter -RRB- have 8 hours talk time and 240 hours standby time -LRB- as per manufacturer 's claim -RRB- , even if it performs up to 80 % of the reported claim , you wont have to mess around too much with the power switch . You can comfortably use it during the day and come home at night and recharge the set .2 -RRB- Quality of sent and received signals . Please note
 I do n't know what is wrong with your headset or phone , but I have the Motorola V551 and it works great with the BT250 ! I just turned in on , had my phone pair with it and it worked all in less that a minute . Do n't believe the other guy , this is the bluetooth headset to get ! Great sound and very comfortable .
 I 've been using my Jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it . I bought it primarily for use while driving . It 's very comfortable to wear . It has performed extremely well in the car . At times , I 've used it at home . The range of the headset is quite good , but I get more static in my apartment . From time to time , I lose connection with my phone . I suspect that it 's more a problem with my phone than with the headset ... I only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where I -LRB- and perhaps most people -RRB- will use the headset . In any case , I can highly recommend the Jabra headset .
 I have been using this device for two months , and have been generally happy with it - the audio fidelity is good , the unit is comfortable , the battery life is long and , although I have n't tested the maximum range , I usually use it at 10 to 12 feet from the phone -LRB- Nokia 6820 -RRB- . My house is in a marginal reception area for Cingular , and using the headset allows me to put the phone in a `` sweet spot '' with an unusual orientation , giving me three or four bars instead of one.The `` belt clip '' is a joke .
 Ummmm ... for all those who gave it less than a 5 ... are you kidding me ? Other bt headsets do n't even compare to this one . This one stays put on your ear , it has great volume and it is so easy to hook up . PLUS ... it has features that most other headsets do n't . Believe me , I am the queen of returns because I am always trying to find a good headset and am always disappointed . I was very pleased with this one ! I think Motorola is CRAP !!!! It does not stay put and there is so much static but this one is great ! And for those who complain about the wind ... you may want to put the headset on the other ear ... away from the window ! It 's only a headset ... it is not NASA engineered to wear while swimming , jogging , taking a shower or biking !
 it got disconnected sometimes , sound quality has to be improved .
 I have used this headset for 3 years and it is great . Do n't know whats wrong with the poor reviews except that they just like to complain . It is not heavy , it fits my ear perfectly and the microphone carries my voice with interference or any static at all . I am now upgrading to the 250v .
 I bought this headset after having a Nokia HDW-2 headset for about a year , before its battery went south.Did my research , thought this one was the best of the lot.Found out I was nearly right . This is * much * better than the HDW-2 . Very little static , does n't drop calls . Have n't found the limits of the battery -LRB- yet -RRB- , and I 've used it in standby mode for nearly 8 hours straight . Works well with the Nokia 3650 , including the voice dialing.My talk times are not that long , so I have n't stressed the talk limits yet.As to cons , the only con I 've found so far is with fit . The smaller earpiece of those supplied still irritates my ear after a few hours of wearing -LRB- on the right ear -RRB- . Wearing it on the left ear does n't seem to get as raw , but the piece does n't fit as well -LRB- yes , I 've turned the ear-bead the correct way ! -RRB- . However , I take the piece off for a few minutes rest and I 'm back in business . Or I move it to the left side for a while.Only other drawback is that I have to turn the Bt250 off before I can use my Bluetooth on my Palm Pilot with the phone . I guess its only one bluetooth device at a time.Charging is easy . Pairing with my Nokia 3650 was a snap.Is it a toy ? Yes , like all technology that does n't keep you alive , its a toy.If you want a wireless headset , I think this is the one for the moment .
 I 've actually got the BT200 but thought i 'd leave my thoughts here anyway . I 've been using this for about 18months now and have generally had no problems . I think bluetooth handsfree kits in general are worth the money over the wired ones as they give you true hands free that works -LRB- does n't fall out of your ear when you turn your head while driving -RRB- . The Jabra in particular is far better design than any others on the market at the moment because by design its more likely to fit different ear and head shapes . Also the in-ear design means you have the best chance of hearing the other party clearly . And I have never not been able to hear the other person . Setup is easy and takes about 2min . Day to day operation is simple , you just turn it on and it works.There are 2 reasons why I have only give this a 4 star rating .1 -RRB- Some time it does n't connect with my T68i after having been out of range -LRB- but to be fair I think this is more the crappy T68i than the Jabra -RRB- 2 -RRB- When outdoors it is n't very good at cutting out background noise so the person on the other end ca n't hear me verywell -LRB- NOTE
 SetupNokia 6820Laptop using Linksys usbbt100 adaptorWith the phone it is a nice handsfree option . In response to the guy that had such a hard time turning the bluetooth connection on and off you can just turn the unit off by holding the button for a few seconds.If your phone supports the more enhanced call management features You probably want to answer the call first since holding it down while the phone is ringing rejects the call . Then while the call is in progress it just places the call on hold and continuing to hold will turn the device off and the phone will revert to standard usage with the call on hold.Additionally many phones , especially those with Bluetooth , have the ability to define user shortcuts to phone features . One setup to minimize the hassel of connecting and disconnecting BT devices would be very handy since the BT menus are normally several menue options deep.Really though this is a headset for someone intrested in constant wear . I highly recommend getting this or any handsfree set to fit your comfort level because if in the end the fit is uncomfy your going to have a pricey doo dad.Range is less than 30 feet but that seems pretty standard for a headset phone combination . Both are trying to maximize battery life and the antennas are not optimally placed . 10 feet is a good rule of thumb unless you have a particuarly bad combination . With the Nokia 6820 I seem to have a comfortable range of about 15 feet . However with the Linksys blue tooth adaptor on my laptop I can walk all over my house and even to my mailbox . Somewhere on the order of 60-100 feet . Very handy if you are a voice chat user or want a quiet discreet source of music without wires at work that dos n't completely obscure your hearing.Also if anyone is wondering the battery is Lithium Ion polymer so there should be no concern over any memory affect if you want to charge up before a full discharge . However the battery is intenal and there does not seem to be any real option for replacement . So you can only expect a life of around 400-500 charge cycles . At once a week that is a good while . At once a day you might as well just call it a year , perhaps less . It will still be working but if you are using it that hard you will also be far more aware of the slow degredation over time.Gave it four instead of 5 for the potential problem of a short usefull life due to the battery and because the fit is not for everyone . Deffinatly something to put your hands on before laying down the money if possible .
 I have tried other bluetooth headsets
 I just bought the Jabra BT250 and have only been using it for about a week now . It has a bit of delay when you answer or place a call but it is tolerable . I have always had a very hard time finding earphones that fit me and will stay in my ear -LRB- from cell phone earbuds to mp3 players -RRB- . This fits very securly and comfortably . Easily could forget I have it on . Have only gone about 20 feet from my phone but the phone was in my car with the door closed and I walked to get the mail ... I did get a bit of static but perfectly usable . Occasionally I try to place a call and the Jabra does n't seem to make the connection and I end up using the phone itself . But this has only happened less than 5 % of the calls I 've made . Easy to put on with one hand ... while driving.Overall I 'd say good buy only negative that I see so far is the occasional time when I ca n't get the Jabra to click on and receive the call .
 I have read a lot of reviews for this and the Motorolla headset . While I have never used the Motorolla one I like this one better because no one notices it in my ear . The reception is great , the sound is clear , and no one has complained they could n't hear me . I have had it for a month with no problems . The only issue I have is when I am near corless phones or wireless networks I have to hold the phone closer to the headset . However when I am at the mall or in the park I do not need to take my phone out of it 's case . All in all this is a great headset .
 The cellular battery I bought was exactly the same as I could have bought in the store for $ 40 , however I got it here for less than $ 10 . Thanks !!!
 I have used the iPad since the initial launch and absolutely love it . My main gripe has been the need to constantly clean the screen . I initially bought one of the mini stylus to try out and have since ordered a couple more for co workers . The quality is very good and the plug that fits the headphone port is perfect.My only disclaimer is that I use it as a pointer . I 'm not trying to do handwriting or drawing on the iPad . It may be fine for those applications but that 's not my thing . Like the iPad it is a simple design that just works .
 Length :
 Nice tool to have . Very compact but quite small , like writing with a short , shaved down pencil . Still it 's a good tool .
 I gave one of these to my father -LRB- 70 -RRB- so he could let my sister -LRB- 35 -RRB- and mother -LRB- 67 -RRB- try it out on their EVO Shift phones from Sprint . About 4 months later he called me up and said he wanted 2 more ordered because he wanted to keep it for himself but both my sister and my mother also wanted it . He said it is helpful for entering information on his phone because his fingers are `` large and dry '' and sometimes his phone does n't seem to know he 's trying to touch things on the screen . I saw a review about it not working with the Nook Color however my mother uses hers with her Nook Color as well as her phone . She has reported no issues with it not working with her Nook . I have one and it works fine on my phone and iPad . The mini size is good for keeping it with us when we are not at home . I keep mine tucked into the case and very seldom use the ear phone port attachment . My mother and sister use the ear phone port attachment to keep it with their phones when their phones are stowed in their purses .
 Very lightweight and compact . Seems to be made well . Works great on my Thunderbolt . Boxwave is my favorite stylus brand .
 This s a well built stylus that helps keep your screen clean . However , have to agree with one of the other reviewers , the cord should have been elastic . You have to take it out of the hole on top to use it . I have used it on both am iPhone and iPad .
 A very solid , high quality stylus . Durable , compact , and a very good price . I have used three other similar products and this is one of the best in terms of value and quality . If you want a compact tool , this is a great choice !
 This stylus was a little smaller than I expected but I love the Boxwave stylus ' . I use the larger one for my iPad , gave the mini to my mom for her iPhone .
 My daughter is using it for her iPad . She likes it but says that the rubber bands on it come off easily . It is definitely meant for people with small fingers . She likes how the mini stylus clicks to the iPad so she does not lose it . Overall she is definitely recommending the product to other people . It 's just another cool toy for your iPad .
 as advertised . helps greatly with touching Ipad screen where you want it to be touched .
 An exact replacement of the battery supplied with Motorola 's V60 series , and performs as it should .
 Pros
 The charger is pretty cool and is very useful because no one wants cords running all over their feet while they are trying to drive .
 Not much to say here other than it charges your phone while in your car . Then here is where this product stands out from other chargers . The cord retracts into the charger body so when it is not being used there is no cord hanging out . Plus you can pull out only the length of the cord you need to charge your phone .
 Works great . Plug and go . What else can I say ? Love it . No cord to deal with hanging around .
 Battery is very good . Long standing charge . Very staisfied with the product . Prompt in delivery
 Bought this as a second/spare battery for my work phone which is heavily used , and it helped a lot.Battery arrived brand new and lasted for well over a year .
 I am quite pleased with the product that I only got last week.The reason for this delay is that Amazon , strangely enough , does not deliver to Malta even though we are part of the European Community . It looks as if , since we are a small country , we are discriminated against !!! Anyway I had the item delivered to a friend in the states who in turn posted it to me at home . It got here safely but because of your bureaucracy , late.I therefore limit my purchases to exceptional items only
 You get what you pay for , and this headset has been awesome ! The white and silver seems to be cheaper priced than the black and silver one -LRB- who knows why ??? -RRB- , but I think the white one makes the headset less obvious!This headset fits perfectly on my small ears , it clamps on and has an ear piece that sits in your ear to hold it there . There is NO WAY this headset will move ! It does not hurt my ear either.It has great reception , but you will have to use the headset in a quiet environment , so no sunroof or windows open . It picks up the external noise and you voice very well . It is perfect for the car , but dont try to use it at the mall or a rock concert.It works with my bluetooth enabled Razor phone . I tried the Motorola headset and it does not work nearly as well as this one , and this one is less expensive !
 This plantronics is a great headset that is easy to use and provides a pretty good experience overall . *** THE POSITIVE POINTS INCLUDE
 I got the black one for Christmas for my girlfriend and now I 'm getting the silver one for me . Sound quality is great and fits snugly around the ear . We actually returned a Motorola -LRB- HS850 ? -RRB- and got this one because the Motorola hook that went around the ear was a little flimsy so it flopped around a bit too much . This one feels sturdy and the ear piece fits comfortably , partially in the ear . The only reason it does n't get a 5th star is it 's not quite as intuitive as the Motorola 's design that has the boom that flips open and close to turn it on/off .
 This was my first bluetooth headset , so I unfortunately do n't have another product to compare it to . However , I feel that it works pretty well for me . I can hear the other person very clearly and vice versa . It also holds a charge for a long time , and it 's inconvenient because it fits in my bag perfectly . Would recommend to anyone .
 Works Great , Connected easily to my samsung phone . No problems till now .
 easy to use ; easy to set up ; works with multiple devices -LRB- just NOT at same time -RRB-
 It is easy to use and more attractive than some . Nice price also .
 This is a great headset . I was getting complaints of an echo with the Jabra that I was using before . The reception is great and the fit is superb .
 This is the correct cable for the Tungsten E2 . It 's not listed in the product description but you can find the info on zip-linq 's web site . I 've had several of these for other devices . Great products .
 The product works very well , but might prove a little flimsy if one is not careful connecting the phone . Overall , I would recommend it if the user pays attention when connecting . Great buy for the price .
 Received the product on time.cheaper , simpler , more robust design apparently than the ZipLinq original part . Cable seems thicker and in my opinion should last longer.Connector to the Palm also fits well and tight.So far so good , I hope that it will last longer than th eZipLinq equivalent which started to malfunction after about 6 months and an estimates 50 plugging in/out .
 I have only had this cable for about two months so have not noticed any of the ` wear and tear ' on the cable line as mentioned in other reviews . The cable has functioned great for me.It is also in a nice convenient , compact size that allows me to carry it with me to the office and on the road . If it continues to perform as it has been I would say this is a great buy for those on the go .
 i bought this for my tungsten e2 since it comes with two separate cables to charge and to hotsync -LRB- an idiot design if you ask me -RRB- , and that area near my computer was becoming plagued with wires and more wires . and to buy a cradle which used to come with the palms was an extra $ 30-40 ! so i bought this little thing which keeps things incredibly neat , and you just need this plugged into your computer to do both jobs of charging and hotsyncing . the reason why it got only 4 stars is b/c when i first tried it , my computer said that it did n't recognize the usb device . i searched everywhere for a technical answer as to why . it turns out that the connection was just a little loose and it just needed to be pushed into the e2 more . so the connector part could be a little sturdier , that 's all .
 Use it every day , it 's a nice connector that does just what it says it does . As with all Treo/Palm connectors , you need to make sure the contacts are clean to get a good connection . Wiggling the connector where it meets the Treo is usually enough for it to work for me .
 Got the charger in 3 days of ordering and it was in excellent condition . I appreciate doing business with this vendor .
 this product is very good for what I bought it for and it also worth the amount I paid
 Product arrived as described ... I was expecting a product a little closer to the Earbuds that came with my phone . Sounds good but the buds are huge ! Also can not hook up speakers . It 's earbuds or nothing . Overall , good product though do n't expect the same workmanship of the original . Seller was quick to ship & product was exactly as described .
 Works well , , , no complaints ... BUT I do n't think it 's any faster then my 120 volts home unit ...
 What more do I need to say ? It was inexpensive , and it charges my phone . Have n't had any problems and was happy with my purchase . Has been going on 6 months now and still works .
 This review is for an unlocked version of this phone , but with Cingular -LRB- or AT&T ; nowadays -RRB- service . I received this phone from my brother -LRB- he used to work for Nokia in Texas -RRB- because my other phone broke -LRB- nokia 6102i -RRB- and my contract with Cingular was for another year -LRB- yeah , it sucks -RRB- . Background
 A mistake I notice a lot of people making when reviewing this phone is that they compare it to the phones that boast dual functionality as an MP3 player or camera . Nokia , in my opinion , has always looked for function over form . They throw in certain features as standard , but those features alone are not supposed to be the selling point of the phone . The 6126 is a PHONE first and the rest is an afterthought . With that said let me start the review.PROS : - THIS PHONE IS POWERFUL ! I have never experienced any lag with this phone , even when viewing thumbnail photographs or switching between menu items -LRB- which you can do WHILE listening to music -RRB- . My last phone , a sony ericsson z525 , was notorious for lagging between menu changes . What really blew me , was that when I load nokia themes to the phone , i could actually preview them when I simply scrolled over it . Anyone who has customized his/her phone with a theme knows how LONG it takes to apply one -LRB- albeit a few seconds , but thats an eternity -RRB- . This phone previews it for you in seconds.-THIS PHONE IS RIDICULOUSLY CUSTOMIZABLE ! you can change EVERY aspect of this phone , from how the menu presents itself to how many minutes you want the phone to wait when you hit snooze ! For the really intricate stuff it may take a few menu clicks before you find the option , but I have customized my internal displays 1 -RRB- screen saver -LRB- when you first close the phone -RRB- 2 -RRB- Standby screen -LRB- 10 sec after the phone is closed -RRB- 3 -RRB- Flip screen -LRB- what picture the external display shows when you flip open the phone , so when you 're holding it up to your ear you can decide what people see -RRB- . Thats 3 customizations of only the IMAGE of the external display ! there are even more options.-ACTIVE STANDBY ! This is almost like a start menu on your main screen , it displays any notes you might have entered for the day , the status of the music player , and has a scrolling shortcut bar that , once again , is totally customizable . Oh , and EVERY button on the main screen can be customized as a shortcut - you almost never need to go to the menu screen.-AMAZING SYNCING ABILITIES - I LOVE THIS PART ! You will have to download the Nokia PC suite from the Nokia website , but once you do , its complete bliss . Anyone who uses Microsoft outlook will love how quickly and easily the phone syncs over bluetooth . Transfer speeds are quick and there are many customizable options with the software -LRB- like whose numbers take priority , outlooks or your phones -RRB- . The rest of the suite is a little on the cumbersome side since vista allows you to send files directly to the phone by right clicking on the file , which I find more useful.-FLIP FEATURE ! Okay , sounds gimmicky . But honestly , i feel super suave . With the flip button you can pull out the phone and have it flipped open and at your ear in one smooth motion . No prying of the thumb or flicking of the wrist , no stumbling . Just smooooooth :--RRB- - MP3 ringtones - send em over bluetooth , you WILL need an MicroSD card for this . Transfer takes seconds . Plays them loud and clear.-Screen - I constantly keep changing my wallpaper just to make use of this bright and beautiful screen , the external screen actually has 262thousand colors , thats how much most phones had on their main screen a few months ago . The internal screen is 16 MILLION colors , its gorgeous . Everything is easy to read , from text messages to web browsing.-FLASH COMPATIBLE !!! A HUGE PLUS - if you know how to use it . Flash lets you have animated wallpaper on both your internal and external screens . I currently have 3 3D rings twirling on my external screen with a clock . Before that I had a picture of a parking space in which the lines actually told the current time , I LOVE flash ! And since the ext. screen has so many colors , the animations look beautiful.CONS : BATTERY LIFE - Not necessarily bad at 2 days , but my sony ericsson spoiled me with its ridiculously long lasting battery . Even when the display said it was empty , the battery would run for an additional 8 hours on standby . When the Nokia tells me its about to die , its not lying . Still , I am not disappointed by the battery life , although i have yet to put it through HEAVY usage.LOOKS - I 'm a young guy -LRB- 23 -RRB- and sorta want a fashionable phone . That said , theres really nothing outstanding about the design of the 6126 . Its practical , feels sturdy , has a rubberized outside that helps with grip , no glitz and glam . It is stream-lined and not hard on the eyes . Its simply a hard worker and you sorta have to rely on the screen savers for it to stand out.MP3 player - YES , this was an afterthought . If you want a player thats more integrated , i would go for the 6555 , but you lose the flip function and I believe it has a smaller screen . That said , you can still use it to listen to music if you 're truly bored , but a lot of people have alternative music players nowadays.CAMERA - Grainy at night , fine in sunlight . Gets the job done if you need it . Nothing special , but then again , this phone doesnt brag that feature but rather considers it a standard for this day and age.CONCLUSION
 I read reviews before I buy products , and I was a little scared to buy this phone because everyone kept saying the battery life was really bad , the camera button always gets pushed `` accidentally '' in your pocket , and the sound is really bad -LRB- in the headset -RRB- . Well , after I bought the phone and used it , none of these became a problem . The battery life is fine - those people probably got some of those recalled lithium-ion batteries . Also , when my phone is closed , the keypad automatically locks so my camera button does not take pictures of my packet , or whatever . The headset is a little low , but then if you use the `` volume up '' button , it gets louder -LRB- gee , what a concept -RRB- . Also , some people have complained about the camera being `` grainy . '' It 's a 1.3 megapixel camera phone - which is pretty standard at this time . Some phone have a 2 megapixel or possibly 3 megapixel camera , but they are more expensive -LRB- by the way , the less megapixels , the more storage , so I like that I can put more songs on my phone for ringtones -RRB- . There are the 6131 and 6133 phones available , and they have FM radios , but does anyone even listen to the radio anymore ? Also , the phones say what carrier they have on them . This one says Cingular , the 6133 says T-Mobile , and I think the 6131 says Sprint , but the 6131 and 6133 are only available in the UK and shipped from there , so I do n't know if they have the same GSM coverage -LRB- this is a Quad-Band phone , and the others may be Tri-Band -RRB- . Long story short , works great , and has clip-on covers avilable so no scratches will occur ! Also , if I get bored looking at black , I can change it whenever I feel like = -RRB-
 this is an EXCELLENT phone . if you do your research , you will find that compared to the other phones currently offered at att , this one has the least amount of and least pressing quirks or issues.i love everything about this phone . the ease of use , the extensive cusomizations , the high quality sound quality and reception -LRB- which are obviously the two most important things in a phone after all ... and this one really has the best of both of those things out of all 4 phones ive owned so far . -RRB- the bright , stunning screen ... its a sleek , stylish , highly functional phone.the caveats of this phone , which are not numerous or severe enough to drop this review to 4 stars , are decent battery life , the 24 mb of memory ... and that is honestly all i can think of .
 According to some cell phone websites , the Nokia 6126 has been cancelled by Cingular . If you are still interested in this phone go with the unlocked Nokia 6131 . It is basically the same phone , but with fm radio . I cancelled my order when I found out about this .
 dunno but the expandable 2gb mini sd slot is going to make the mp3 player pretty cool on this one ! that 's about 1500 songs in adition to the phones memory .
 I 've had mine on order for a couple weeks . It 's now Aug 22 - when will the Nokia 6126 begin to ship ?
 I recently bought this phone for 20 $ as a GoPhone after losing my Samsung Sync :-LRB- I was fully prepared for a phone that was way below the Sync but this phone is on par and better in some areas.Pros : The speaker is amazingly loud-especially compared to the Sync . Voice quality is normal . The cool thing is that you can play music while doing anything else you want!The screen is the same vibrant big screen as the Sync and many newer phones . You can even change the main screen so that it has shortcuts and a calender like a smartphone!Cons : The flip button works great unles you accedentaly block the flip with your finger.The sd card is behind the battery cover . This is not a problem unless you take the card out a lot.Battery life is extremely short but if you charge it every night it should be good.Overall i liked this phone as much as the sync and better in some respects
 I got this phone to replace my beloved Razr . I 've had this one now for @ 6 months , and I really like it . The sound quality is excellent , and it is comfortable against my ear for long periods of time , which is a plus . It is also highly customizable , another big plus for me , as well as being very easy to use - it only took @ an hour to set it up how I liked.My only complaint is the battery life , which is lacking . I have to charge it every two , or it dies . This is a little aggravating , but I 've learned to just plug it into the charger every night , and no more problems.Overall , a great quality phone !
 Nokia 6126 - I used the phone for a year now . It is well built and does basic functions well.re
 I went for 11 months with this phone before it started to crash when I tried to send picture msgs . But if you have AT&T ; and you 're under warranty , they 'll give you the same model brand new FREE . Two months went by and then one night , I clicked the menu button and it froze . So now I 'm on my third one BUT I am very happy with this phone.BATTERY - I see quite a few people complain about the short life . Mine has a really long life . And I have the wallpaper and mini screen running the flash solar system which uses a lot of power . I charge my phone I say about every other day . Before when I just used a still picture , I charged my phone every few days . And I talk and text and take A LOT of pictures . I ca n't tell you how many days is stand by because I ca n't go that long without my cell haha Either -LRB- 1 -RRB- I 'm blessed with a good battery or -LRB- 2 -RRB- when you first get the phone -LRB- or any phone -RRB- , charge the battery for a really long time a few times -LRB- over night about 12 hours about 3 or 4 times -RRB- to really maximize the battery -LSB- if you charge it for only a few hours , even though it says battery full , it wo n't hold as much charge -RSB- . PAINT - Yea , it chips off really easily . But so has any other phone I 've owned since my Nokia 5190 . Paint is paint and after sitting in a purse or pocket rubbing against keys and coins , the paint does come off . Plus , it 's a phone . So long as it works , it 's fine by me . Looks should n't be a top complaint.SOUND - Excellent quality . I LOVE the speaker phone . I love it so much I did n't bother buying bluetooth . I can hear the other person well and they can hear me just fine . And having the speaker on while it 's closed it awesome!CAMERA - Remember , it 's only a 1mp . Thus , I did not have high expectations for taking pictures . But I am very impressed with the quality considering it 's in the phone . I can zoom in and still the picture is quite nice . You ca n't compare a cell phone camera with a digicam so of the cell phone cameras I 've had/seen/used , this is one of the top 5 . With any cell phone , do n't buy it and judge it on the quality of the camera . It 's a PHONE , not a digicam . As for pictures of the inside of your pocket/purse , keylock your phone before closing it . Or set it up to keylock automatically . Simple solutions to a simple problem.SIGNAL - I find that if my other family members are receiving signal and I am not , if I turn my phone off and on again , I 'll get the reception they 're receiving . Considering I live in the urban area , cell phone signal is pretty much strong everywhere . But when I do go out to National parks or mountains away from cities , I get decent reception . Not full bars but enough to send msgs and make calls.USER FRIENDLY - I love how every little detail can be changed and adjusted to your mood and desires . I get bored seeing the same things again and again . But with this phone , I can go between a menu from tabs to grids . Colors , fonts , tones EVERYTHING is customizable.PICTURES AND INCOMING CALLS - If the phone is closed , yes the picture you assign to the contact will show up on the outside . I only got this when I got the cell with the updated software . The first one I had -LRB- over a year ago -RRB- did not have this feature.THE FLIP BUTTON - This is my first flip phone so I would just pull it open when I had it . Then I discovered the button ! I love that button . Even after a month of pulling open the phone , it still worked just fine . The button is not necessary for use.MP3 PLAYER - No opinion . I do n't use it , sorry.One and only con - The software is glitchy . First phone after 11 months , it would crash when I tried sending a picture msgs . Second phone after 2 months , one random day , it decided that whenever the menu button was pressed , the phone would freeze . I swear it 's running on Vista.Yea , I 'm on my third one of this phone . BUT I love it . And I love the features and how I can customized it very specifically for me.Remember , if you have AT&T ; and you 're under warranty and it 's still valid , you can get the same phone for FREE . If you 're battery life sucks , tell them and they 'll give you a new battery for FREE . Software gets glitchy , get a new phone for FREE . In Northern CA , you have to go to a DSC -LRB- Device Support Center -RRB- . Ask the retail store of locations .
 I have a 6126 , which I use mainly for internet access with AT&T ; Media Net -LRB- web internet -RRB- prepaid service . I LOVE IT . I was able to install Opera Mini -LRB- free at operamini.com , just go to it from the phone -RRB- into the Games folder . I use this phone mainly for web browsing , and Opera Mini comes pretty close to a normal web browsing experience . I signed up for pay as you go AT&T ; which means it took a month before I can sign up for unlimited Media Net . Still , it 's been really useful even before that . This is a seriously good web experience for the price.Eventually I may need to upgrade my phone service to get tethering and the phone is capable of that and other things as well that I 'm not using yet . So for me this phone will be useful for a long time to come .
 Had my VX8500 for about a year now , and am pretty satisfied . I bought a 2GB card for it , and use it constantly to listen to MP3s and books . It couples well with my Jabra BT8010s , and has very good sound quality for music and calls.The camera is pretty good too . With the right light , it can take some very nice pictures.The touch controls work very well on mine , and were very easy to get used to.It 's even been inadvertantly dunked in a glass of diet pepsi , and still works like a charm -LRB- after it dried anyway -RRB- . Battery life is great , if I do n't use the MP3 player , the battery will last about 4 days on a charge -LRB- 1 or 2 with heavy use -RRB- . Build quality is pretty good , but I am on a refurb unit now due to the fact that the screen on my first unit blanked out on me -LRB- Verizon happily dolled out a new one though -RRB- . All in all , I 'm pretty happy with the VX8500 .
 Let me start off by saying that this is my 4th cell phone in 5 years , and this by far is the best phone I 've ever owned . Phone is so ergonimically correct , and its touch wheel -LRB- similiar to that of the ipod -RRB- and buttons surrounding the wheel -LRB- also touch sensitive -RRB- work flawlessly and are amazing . You can set different sensitivity levels for the touch bad and buttons which is awesome . The feature that I enjoy most about this phone is the bluetooth . I purchased a platronics Voyager 510 -LRB- works flawlessly up to its advertised 30ft range -RRB- along with the phone and the two pieces of hardware are a match made in heaven . You can add a multitude of contact information to each phone number saved in your phone -LRB- email , fax , home , cell , work , picture , custom ringer - phone call , custom ringer - txt msg , place contacts into a group -RRB- and the screen display is top notch as well.Some Cons , the buttons along the side of the phone are a bit hard to press as they are indented into the phone as to prevent them from being pressed by mistake . Would of been nice of LG had put some single , double , triple tick marks on the buttons so that you could at least become familiar with the feel and function of the button . The latch for the charger and for the USB hookup seem a bit flimsy and I believe will ultimately break prematurely.Last thing , i did n't know that VCAST only worked in certain areas . If you 're not in verizons ED-VO area of coverage then you can not use the feature . I 'm in Santa Barbara and I get no coverage , checked for other local cities ... Ventura , Santa Maria , Thousand oaks and they are not covered either . However , Pasadena and Los Angeles are covered ... not sure if that helps anyone but thought I 'd through it out their .
 I bought the V191 unlocked quad band phone because it had the features I wanted , seemed well made and was offered at a reasonable price . It is one of the few phones left on the market without one of those dumb , little built-in cameras . I wanted minimal crap . The phone met my expectations . But the instruction book came in Japanese only . With a bit of help from the store , I found an English translation on line . All is well .
 Good shopping experience , shipped fast , had one small problem but customer support was very helpful and fixed it for me over the phone , very easy to use and a great no-frills phone with very long battery life !
 This is an excellent phone , with a long battery life , solidly built . The keypad is one of its best features , the buttons are comfortably arranged and of a good size for text messaging . The internal memory is larger than that of the V3 , with 10 MB . It is enough for storing a reasonable amount of ringtones and pictures . It is mp3 capable . You need to buy an external cable and use Motorola Phone Tools though to be able to exchange data between your PC and the V191 .
 Pros
 This product has great sound reproduction , extremely light weight and easy to setup on the phone . All the controls work great with my phone . On the laptop the setup is a bit more involved but it works great as a headset for remote meetings and presentations . With the same excellent sound quality when listening to your favorite MP3 's .
 Very good quality sound.Works with cell phone from the first time.Excelent range.The analog dongle is a great add-on , range up to 80m .
 Simply the best headphones for my computers that I 've had . Saddly tho I can not get them to work with windows . I 've tried jsut about everything possible from registry edits to different software and drivers . Windows has no support for bluetooth headsets . However they work great with my phone and the range is great with both my computer and the dongle .
 Nice sound , very comfortable but who ever deisgn that blue light indicator should be shot.No way to turn off light and it 's so annoying to ppl around and at the night time .
 Well it is a really nice bluetooth headset . Nice quality sound when I use it for my pc . I just could n't make it work with my phone for songs without connecting the analog adapter . Which meant I had to carry it with me ... so I had to return it . I think my phone is not compatible with stereo bluetooth or something like that . If you are buying this for your phone , please check for compatibility before making the purchase :-RRB- Good luck !
 With the exception of the -LRB- annoying -RRB- flashing blue light on the outside of the right ear piece , this bluetooth headset outperforms others I have tried . As with most bluetooth devices , it is subject to momentary signal loss of -LRB- 3 sec -RRB- durations . The sound quality is good when compared with my hard wired Bose QC3 set -LRB- w/o noise compensation consideration -RRB- . Channel separation and the ability to adjust my iphone sound levels externally were a pleasant surprise -LRB- music selection advance/replay feature did not work with my iphone -RRB- . The Amazon price compared to others made this quite satisfactory decision a `` know '' brainer !!
 Have it paired with my macbook pro and iphone and works seemlessly between both . Pairing directly to the macbook doesnt appear to work too well . Use the analog adaptor it works really well .
 Pros
 What everyone is saying here is true ! This is a real good stereo bluetooth headset and a must have.I got myself the plantronics pulsar 590 A a month back after doing a lot of research on stereo bluetooth headsets . - Paired it easily with my HTC cruise . - Took me a while to pair it with my Toshiba laptop , but thats only because I didnt have the latest toshiba bluetooth stack on my laptop . Once I downloaded that , rest was easy . - The universal adapter works well too.Some of you may be confused as to what the difference is between 590 A and 590E . 590A includes the universal adapter which you can plug into any 3.5 mm output while 590E is just the headset.The only thing that falls short is the styling - Plantronics could have bettered the styling a bit - this has been around for more than 2 years now . -LRB- n thats y I 'm giving this a 4 star n not 5 -RRB- But apart from that everything else is great - Sound quality is pretty good for music -LRB- deep base n crisp mids -RRB- , and Ive also chatted for long hours with the headset on and roaming all over the house without any voice issues even once.To sum up - great value for money !
 So I have a job where I 'm constantly moving but fortunately can listen to music all day . The problem , of course , is that I 'm happily working away and totally forget about the cords and wham ! down goes the MP3 player onto the floor.The obvious solution ? Cordless headset - so I got these and overall I really like them - sound quality is good , battery life is great , connection is solid , it works great with my phone and the hockey puck that attaches to the MP3 player at the same time , and the microphone is so good that people do n't know I 'm using a headset.There were only 2 problems , both of which are easily solvable . First , the adjustment thingies are too loose , so with a lot of movement and futzing around they will get out of adjustment . So I wrapped a bit of black electrical tape around them to lock the adjustment in place . Second , even though I have a pretty big head these headphones in their tightest position were a bit too big , so go down to the hardware store and get some of that black high-density foam that they use to seal camper shells to pickup trucks -LRB- the kind that has sticky-tape on one side -RRB- , cut it into strips the width and length of the headband and stick it on there . If you 're even halfway careful it 'll look totally OEM.Plus , they stay in place a lot better with the foam.So I 'm totally impressed with Plantronics - based on the quality of these headphones I got a bluetooth earpiece -LRB- voyager 510 -RRB- and it 's been great as well . I have a pile of dead bluetooth earpieces from Motorola and Nokia so it 's nice to finally find one that works so well .
 I purchased the Pulsar 590A 2 months ago . It is a terrific product . The sound is great . I purchased it to simultaneously connect to my ipod and Blackberry Pearl phone while walking . Again , I could not be more satisfied.In addition , Plantronics support is amazing . I asked them for the cost to just replace the adapter . I thought I broke it . They said it should be almost impossible to break with normal use . I got another Pulsar 590A headset and adapter without cost to me in less than a week.The unit is small and folds into a nice looking case . The light is no big deal . Very nice looking headphones . I do not understand anyone negatively reviewing this product .
 This device is amazing . I can listen to music and it switches directly to the phone . It works virtually with all of my audio equipment . I finally have clear voice and hearing on conference calls . AAAAA +
 A great product , bought it a month back here for a bargain . The headset paired up without any issues with my Samsung T509 phone , and the Dell Latitude D620 laptop . Crystal clear sound for both the parties . Talking over the phone in stereo is amazing , Works really well with Skype and Gtalk.The analog adapter is just amazing . With the analog adapter , music is amazing , the speakers have deep bass , crystal clear music . Without the adapter however , it wo n't work as my PC headphone , it pairs up but nothing is audible.If I had it on for over an hour it starts hurting my ears , the over the head design could be a bit slimmer and/or softer , it hurts my hairless head :o-RRB- As someone else mentioned , that blinking light makes it a pain to use in any public place . I used a black marker and painted over the light - not much help there : p
 Overall , good headphones . I wo n't really comment on the quality of the audio , because it 's so subjective ... but I can say that I 'm satisfied . Using headphones without wires simply makes you wonder why they all ca n't be this way ; once you try them , the convenience is hard to beat.The battery life appears to be excellent for both the headphones , and the analog adapter -LRB- which you also have to charge , it 's the transmitter for the signal . -RRB- On full charge , my iPod died before the headset + transmitter . Nice.However , there are two issues to be aware of . Using the adapter , there is an audio lag . It 's about .5 seconds . This is n't noticeable with audio , but once you watch video ... it 's a problem . I have a video iPod and was disappointed with the lack of lip-synching . Strangely , the lag appears to be slightly variable ... sometimes it 's half a second , but when I mute the audio with the headset , then unmute , the lag appears to be slightly less . Always present , but variable . In any case , it 's enough where you will not want to watch television or a movie this way.Since I also wanted to use the headset in my home , without disturbing others at night , it 's a significant drawback.The second issue is cosmetic , and a nitpick . In use , the headset flashes a bright blue ring of light around the right earphone . It 's very bright and practically screams `` Look at me ! `` Not really my bag , but that might be your thing . ;-RRB- -- Update -LRB- 12/23/2006 -RRB- The quality of the plastics/assembly has proven disappointing.After several months , some hairline cracks appeared , and shortly afterwards , pieces of plastic around the hinges started breaking off . Internally , pieces began rattling as well ... and after a year , it would no longer charge unless you moved one of the headphone speakers around in a specific position . Finally , the left headphone just gave up . Terrible !
 I just received my 590a earlier this week and having been doing multiple levels of testing . First , I paired it with a Nokia 6600 cell phone . The quality is excellent on my side . The primary comment that I 've received is that it seems to come through quieter on the other side . It 's very comfortable for long calls though . After my initial pairing , I went into the phone options and manually connected the headphones . After that first setup , the phone would automatically pair once the headset was on.Using the universal adapter I paired it with my ipod after that . No problem with the sound quality overall . I ca n't say that it is the most amazing quality but I do enjoy the convenience of Bluetooth capability . Keeping it paired with a cell phone at the same time works well . Note that while the volume buttons seem to work , they are very stiff to press and not intuitive to locate while wearing them . It seems to work best if you pair the phone first and then turn on the adapter . I was getting some interruption when I tried it with the ipod first.Pairing with the computer ... I have a Mac PowerBook G4 that I tested it on . Setup was n't that bad but there is almost no documentation and the user guide that comes with the headset is very minimal to say the least . You do a normal Bluetooth pairing -LRB- same instructions as the phone in the users guide to make it discoverable -RRB- . Once you have successfully paired it to the mac , you 'll need to go into the system preferences and sound to manually set the output and input to `` 590Plantronics '' . I was the least impressed with sound quality here - at least concerning listening . I used GarageBand to test vocal recording and then ported that out as a podcast to see how the sound was . The sound quality was decent . I think that it will need some tweaking on the computer to get a better sound capability but I am quite happy with my purchase.The primary negatives that I found were the stiff buttons and as another reviewer pointed out , you ca n't have your computer and the cell phone paired at the same time . As long as you keep its limitations in mind , I think that it is a wonderful purchase .
 I 've been using this headset for about three months now , and although it was a little confusing at first , I 've been very happy with it since I got everything working . I wanted a headset that I could use with VOIP for internet gaming , but something that I could also use for making Skype calls and listening to music wirelessly . This fits the bill pretty well . In order to use it as both a headset and headphones , I had to create two separate Bluetooth profiles on my computer . I just switch between the two for use as a headset or headphones -LRB- the sound quality is much better when used as headphones -RRB- . The only drawback I have encountered is that some games with integrated VOIP do not recognize the headset as an input , but this is easily circumvented by using Teamspeak or Ventrilo , third-party VOIP software . It also comes with a Bluetooth reciever that can be plugged into any standard 1/8-inch audio jack , so you can go wireless with just about anything . Also included is a cable for use when on an airplane . Anyway ... a neat little gadget .
 PROS : - Light weight solution for both an audio source and cell phone - Good sound quality on both ends - Comfortable fit - Travel case for protectionCONS : - 0.5 second delay when watching video -LRB- must use the hardwire solution -RRB- - The original MSRP is a bit high for something that is not closer to perfect - Not all of the audio controls work , even when using the dongle - CAN NOT USE WHILE DRIVING -LRB- therefore you must have another headset for this purpose -RRB- I am looking into buying this unit from a friend 's electronic 's store . He was gracious enough to loan a floor model to me for a night . I spent some time reading reviews from many different sites and I have to say , while the reviews at Amazon were the most technically oriented , they were also the most critical . Therefore , I made it my goal to attept to disprove some of the claims that I read here in the hopes of finding this product to be a real gem . Among the claims that I attempted to disprove were : - Failure to charge - 0.5 second delay affecting video - Poor audio sound quality from dongle -LRB- i.e. when using an iPod/Laptop -RRB- - Hoaky switch between dongle and phone when making/receiving calls - Find the source of the `` design flaw `` The tests were done with the following items : - iBook G4 1.2 Ghz - LG VX9800 -LRB- mine -RRB- - Motorola E815 -LRB- caller -RRB- - 5th Gen 60GB iPod Video - Belkin Bluetooth USB Adapter -LRB- model F8T003 -RRB- The first tests that we ran , naturally , were to see if we could pair the VX9800 up with the headset . That took all of two seconds ; very easy . I then walked into another room and called the E815 . The quality was no better or worse then any of your other higher end bluetooth headsets . WHAT MAKES THE DIFFERENCE is that you now have two ears focused in on the conversation , so in a sense , you 're hearing more and paying attention more to the phone conversation -LRB- versus having the noise of the office in your other ear -RRB- . I initally walked away from my cell phone and it got a bit garbled , but as soon as I brought my cell phone with me , I had no problems . I then switched phones with the caller so that I could hear what she was hearing . The quality was good . I did n't have any problems hearing what she was saying to me . Voice dial worked beautifully from the headset and I did n't find myself shouting.The next test that we did was to pair up the dongle and use it with the iPod -LRB- audio first -RRB- . Pairing up the dongle was very easy . While Edward Rios claims that the audio he heard was `` no better then AM radio '' , I firmly disagree with this statement . I started out playing some classical -LRB- with no EQ settings set on the iPod -RRB- . I 'll agree that the quality of the audio was not on the same level as my Seinnheiser 's , however once I adjusted the EQ in the iPod the bass and thus the quality was improved somewhat -LRB- Bass Booster setting worked well -RRB- . I also noticed that the track jogger did not work with the iPod . In the manual it states `` Only works if Bluetooth device supports Bluetooth Audio/Video Remote Control Profile -LRB- AVRCP -RRB- ; does not work when using universal adapter . '' This was a bit disappointing because it was feature I was looking forward to . The `` PLAY/PAUSE '' button did work ... somewhat . The audio pauses , but not on the iPod . Next we moved on to receiving a phone call . As a call came in , I heard a beep in the headset . Pressing the call button , the music stopped and the call interrupted . Once the call was complete , the phone hung up and the music continued -LRB- please note that the ipod did not pause during this time , only the source of the signal switched -RRB- . This was tested several times . It was very easy . However , I do agree with Steve Gardner in his assessment that the dongle is a short term pair . In other words , if you turn the dongle off , you will need to pair it again -LRB- once again , a very simple process -RRB- . On to the video . I turned on some Family Guy that I had on my iPod . I indeed did notice that there was some amount of delay , but with cartoon characters , it was n't that obvious . Not a problem , I decided to up the ante . I then turned on an episode of The Office , specifically a scene where Steve Carrell is speaking . Yes , there IS a .05 second delay . It seems to fluctuate as if the dongle is racing to catch up . I then put the Pulsar in headset mode by turning it off and plugging in the hardwire cable . This fixed the problem -LRB- this same resolution was found by both testers -RRB- . My final thoughts on this ? Unless you 're planning on trying to watch video from across the room , this solution will work for you.Feeling a bit adventurous , I decided to test the headset with my iBook . I first tried to pair the Pulsar up with my iBook using the Belkin BT adapter . That did n't work . Although I heard it clicking when the pairing process was going on , it never went through . Not a problem , I 'll use the dongle . Using the dongle I was again able to hear the audio , but I was not able to get the unit to work as a mic/headphone combination . Others have claimed to be able to get this to work , but for the average person , the short answer is that it does n't work that great . I 'm going to take N. Nelson 's comments one step further , if I may , and say that this unit is really only for Audio Sources / Cell Phone combinations.At the end of the night I decided to charge it . I placed it in the cradle and , sure enough , it started charging . At some point later I picked it up and then placed it back in the cradle and it did n't charge ! I thought , `` A'HA ! I proved another one true ! '' Not so fast ... I took out the USB charger to see if the problem was the cable and began charging the headset off of that . A few minutes later I put the headset back in the cradle and low and behold , it began charging again ! Is there a hardware problem here ? I 'm not sure , but that is what I found . It charged smoothly the rest of the night.Unfortunately , the one thing I was not able to test in a 24 hour time span was the design flaw . Obviously I would have to use it every day for two weeks to see if this is true . My gut instinct is telling me that it 's possible a bad batch of product is to blame , but I have no way of proving this . Until I see it , I ca n't put faith in that it will happen to me . All I will say on this is that it apparently has happened to more then one person so it is possible that it could happen to you . One thing I did notice is that the headset gets `` stretched '' as you wear it , but then it gets `` compressed '' as you put it back in the cradle . Could it be that all this stretching AND compressing is causing the cracks ? Would this have happened to these people if they did n't use the cradle ? I do n't know . Maybe the design flaw is in the cradle itself and NOT the headset . Who knows ... My final analysis of this product overall is very good . I do n't think Plantronics set out to make this the `` one stop shop '' for all headset needs -LRB- although they might want to have a conversation with their marketing department about `` truth in advertising '' -RRB- . While I was typing this I was listening to some good ol' fashioned punk rock using the dongle and I was bouncing my head the whole time ; very enjoyable . I do believe that Plantronics is preparing for the next wave in Bluetooth technology by adding support for profiles that others do n't support YET . All in all , if you 're looking for a headset that can seamlessly switch between your cellphone and your iPod , then this will work for you . If you 're looking for an `` one stop shop '' you will be sorely disappointed . One thing I would have liked to see would be some sort of design improvement where one of the earphones could flip outward thus to be legally complaint with driving requirements . They are the best option available -LRB- the Motorola pair does not come with a transeiver which is something you have to purchase extra ... and something else you have to carry and something else you run the risk of losing -RRB- . In the end , will I buy these ? Probably , but I wo n't be running towards the store like a bat out of hell .
 I 'm an audiophile more than a cellphonephile . So when I was referred to this item by a friend , I checked the specs and found that this matched my needs and more . I was looking for a headset that could leave me wires and hands free to my iPod , however , this benefitted me a little more since I could marry this up with my Blackberry too . I 've had it for three days now and I 'm very happy with it . Below are some PRO 's and CON 's to consider when recommending it to others.PRO 's - Much better sound quality than expected . Play with iPodequalizer and you get the sound that you want out of it.Don ' t expect noise canceling quality -- just enjoy the factthat there are no more wires ! - Extremely easy set up to iPod and bluetooth phone . - Excellent iPod to cell phone call transfer ability . - Bluetooth range for analog far better than expected . Icontinued to get high-quality sound past 50ft . - Very light weight and practical to wear . - Nice carrying case.CON 's - There is definately a lag in voice to video but it 's notcompletely unbearable . - The analog adapter and headset status lights are a bit tacky.I got on an elevator and saw Danny Disco in the mirror withall the blue flashing status lights between the analog deviceand the headset . Just hide your pod and deal with the headset . - Big downside for iPod gen 5 - no track forwarding or back . Iassume it works with all previous generations . - Light weight headset means lightweight plastic . Take care ofit and do n't sit on it as the plastic is that of cheapsunglasses.Hope this helps the masses.Happy consumer .
 received this headphones this morningthe headphones is comfortable and firm -LRB- earpieces may be kinda tight -RRB- it also comes with USB charge cable , regular headphones cable -LRB- used when it 's turned off as regular headphones -RRB- , AC adaptor , charge stand -LRB- I do n't use it anyway -RRB- , a casethe sound is pretty good , whether through wireless or hard-wired , bass is full and deep , mid and treble are well-balanced , since it 's fully open air design , it should be pretty comfortable when listening -LRB- no hollow effect -RRB- , and the sensitivity is pretty high when hard wired -LRB- single battery walkman is OK -RRB- the analog audio adaptor is another plus , it can also be used with moto HT820 -LRB- same passcode -RRB- the RF of the headphones is good as well , it claims 10m radius range , it really has 10 meters , I can get even more range with class 1 bt adaptorI worried about the hinge breakage , but after examine , I found out why
 As there are some other excellent reviews here , I am concentrating on what has not been written.Sound quality varies , depending on how you use the headphones . Basically , both comparisons with AM radio and HiFi Sound are more or less true . Here is why.I find the earphones of an excellent quality at low to middle sound levels , delivering sound better than my Koss Porta Pro and on par with Sennheiser PC-150 . But this is only true , when the earphones are wired to the source . It is also loud , at 50 % PB output level sound get unbearable . Good sensitivity and sound detail.Using the including Bluetooth dongle , quality slips to the level of FM radio . Using it with iPod , which does not offer that good output quality -LRB- at least no comparison to my Al PowerBook 1.5 GHz -RRB- , quality slips a bit further . This is partially due to limitation of the Bluetooth and the fact that sound is amplified twice -LRB- both in iPod and headset -RRB- . Further gets worse :-LRB- . By connecting vie Bluetooth to the PowerBook , quality does goet to the level of the AM Radio , as Mac currently do not support A2DP Bluetooth profile for improved audio quality . It is really a no go for listening to music , and Skype quality drops to the level of a normal phone.To get it working , however , there is one thing to keep in mind . I guess , Macs do not support another feature of Bluetooth , multi-access . Since I am using headset as a phone headset as well , it is constanly connected to the mobile phone . It seems like macs do not like sharing headsets , so bluetooth on the mobile phone has to be switched off . Otherwise , no problem whatsoever . Dongle-phone -LRB- SONY Ericsson K750i -RRB- combination works perfect and is REALLY cool stuff . It switches sources , once you get a call and then switches back to the iPod.Basically , I am keeping the headset , as getting rid of the wires on the go is worth the sound quality penalty . For a good quality , 3.5 mm jack is the only option for some time to come , in my opinion.So , this is an awesome product , well designed , very well built . If it suffers some quality issues , it is actually due to the limitations of the technology , not the product . I had no problems with charging , as did some other users . Another batch maybe :p . Accordingly , 5 stars for the product , 1 star penalty for inperfect technology -LRB- Bluetooth and Mac -RRB- , 4 Stars in total.Oh ! One annoying thing , there is a blinking blue ring light on the right earphone . At night it is really bright , so you 'll end up looking like a lighthouse . During the day it is not that obvious . Still annoying , as I would prefer to use my cool headset rather discreetely .
 All I can say is ... wow!I have been waiting for the longest time for a binural -LRB- two speaker -RRB- wireless headset that actually worked well and did n't have a bulky battery pack.This headset went far and above my expectations . So enough about the praise , here 's the nitty gritty.Ordered my unit from Amazon , received it within 5 days.Setup the headset with my Motorola Razr , worked like a charm , but this is n't why I bought it . I bought it to be used with my computer , as I develop web based audio/video conferencing solutions . So I tried using the headset with my Bluetooth 1.2 Adapter -LRB- cheapy from Walmart -RRB- - It took a little bit of setup -LRB- had to upgrade the bluetooth stack on windows xp , then pair the headset with the computer . I got it to work , but the audio did n't sound very good . It sounded a lot like a record.Seeing as how the headset is Bluetooth 2.0 I decided to purchase a bluetooth 2.0 adapter . Found a kingston unit at BestBuy for $ 40.00 , installed this unit . -LRB- This time setup was easier as the kingston install removed the old bluetooth software and installed the new -RRB- - This time the audio was incredible , CD quality.Microphone is very sensitive , was able to pick up a co-worker 's voice 10 feet away crystal clear.Over-all I highly recommend this unit - a little pricey , but worth every penny !
 I 've been using this product for about 6 months . My daughter borrowed it on a number of occasions to use with her iPod , and liked it . I felt good enough about the product to buy one for her for her birthday recently.My initial interest was listening to my computer , and to a lesser extent my iPod , without wires . RF type wireless headphones do n't cut it for me , but these do n't get static interference.The cellphone headset capability was an added bonus , but a nice one . I generally put my phone on speakerphone mode and wedge it against my sun visor . This works well for me . However , I recently used the Plantronics while talking to my parents during a drive home for about 15 minutes . It can be tricky to talk to them on the phone but this setup takes the quality of the sound up a notch and really helped.Don ' t expect you can be rough with it , but I 've had no problems . There are some buttons and sync-delays and it is a wireless and bluetooth device . Do n't think it is as simple as a wired device without those failure or configuration modes . It has not been a problem for me.I recommend this product.-CB -
 The dual ear piece is fantastic in a truck where the decimal level is very high . However , as good as it sounds in your ears , it needs to be balanced with a noise canceling microphone . Plantronics has some very good noise canceling microphones on some hard wired headsets that cost less money . It is quite reliable , comfortable and a charge lasts a long time . This is excellent in a low noise environment .
 After my last headset purchase disaster , I wanted to give this headset a good going over before writing the review . I give this a passing grade.Pros - Decent sound , Cell conversations come out both speakers , Good range of distance from Bluetooth source , Short boom mic actually works very well , easy pairing , included adaptor and carrying case.Cons - The blasted flashing blue light . No , this thing is like a flash light in the dark.I read other 's complaints about this light . So before I bought , I considered
 After reading the other reviews on this product I was REALLY apprehensive about purchasing it . About a month later I can report I 'm glad I bought these . Let 's set some perspective here . This is a Bluetooth wireless headset , your fidelity will NEVER be as good as a wired headset and you will always be subject to some interference from other wireless devices . This is the nature of the technology and is unavoidable . You have to decide whether or not the compromises are worth the benefit of wireless.I 've used several Bluetooth headsets and handsfree units and this one stays connected better with fewer problems than my previous two . The switching between the stereo music and phone headset works really well . The multipoint feature works really well whether it is paired with the included analog adapter or a Bluetooth dongle . Again , a call comes in , it switches over to the call , and then switches back on call termination.Like some others have mentioned , this headset is pretty high on the geek scale , so if you 're worried about looking like a geek , look elsewhere for one of those slick in-the-ear models . The geek factor is amplified by the large blue blinking circle on the right ear . I took a silver sharpie and colored carefully around the ring which tones it down considerably.The charging is a little wonky , you have to get them aligned just right in the stand.A really nice thing is that the phone calls are played binaurally which helps to isolate outside noise.The only thing that 's been tough to deal with on this headset is the absence of sidetone in the headset . Most phones and headsets leak a little of your voice into the earpiece so you can hear yourself talking . This headset does not do that which because it covers both ears has taken some getting used to . You just have to take it on faith that people on the other end can hear you since you ca n't hear yourself . This is the one thing I 'd change about it.For me the wireless compromises were worth the benefit of a good general purpose headset with stereo music capability . Thankfully I have n't seen any of the durability issues that were mentioned in other reviews after a month of heavy use . If it starts to fall apart , I 'll leave a follow-up review but after a month of use I would still recommend it .
 This is one of the few times I 've encountered a product of this type that actually does what you 'd expect and rather well . I have a Dell Axim X50v with built in blue tooth -LRB- and the necessary stereo bluetooth driver -RRB- and a Blackberry . I use the BT adapter to connect to my iPod video . Stereo sound is excellent , good bass , etc. . Although the Blackberry has no stereo supporting apps , the headset supports mono just fine . Very good telephone clarity both sending and receiving . Love the retractable tube mike . One other important thing I learned after I got it -LRB- I could n't find this on Amazon -RRB- , is that it comes with a direct attach cable for use on airplanes.The only shortcoming is the huge , bright blue blinking ring on one earcup . Major overkill , and a bit embarrassing . But handy for walking in parking lots at night and letting everyone within 1/2 mile that you are there.Comes with a very good and compact semi-hard case to protect them during travel . One last thing , setup was completely effortless .
 I like everything wireless , and these headphones are awesome!I was able to pair them with my phone , it 's an LG vx8600 with the mp3 player . The headphones sound great , and I can even change tracks , and adjust volume with the buttons on the headphone.When a call comes in , I hear it through the headphones , and press a button to answer . Everyone I talk to says the voice quality sounds really good on their end , after the call is over , the music resumes . You can also voice dial , so you really do n't have to take your phone out of your pocket.I also paired them with my computer , I used a bluetooth program called BlueSoleil , and a generic dongle . It took me a while to figure out that I had to go into the sound menu on my computer , and set the bluetooth device as the default sound input . Once I got it working , it sounds even better than with my phone . Itunes sounds really good , because you can use the equalizer to tweak the sound to your liking.The batteries last a long time , I 've been using these a lot since I got them a few days ago , and have n't had to charge them yet.When playing games , and watching video , there is a little lag between , the picture and sound , but it does n't bother me much.The little transmitter works great too . I plugged it into my computer sound port , before I got the bluesoleil working , and it paired right up , and sounds good.Bottom line , so far , I do n't have any thing but praise for these headphones !
 Use these for skype and listening to music.The Hook up : minimac OS X - Easy install and connect . Only had headset connection available , so sound quality not the greatest.XP with Start Key USB BT - easy install and connect . Only had headset connection available , so sound quality not the greatest.XP via Boot camp on mini mac - Driver hell . Do n't waste your time doing this.hooking to other devices via the 1/8 '' jack transmitter - works pretty good , with good sound quality . Some strange behavior every once in a while . . the headphones would drop the sound an let out a shrill beep sound until you turn them off and reconnect . Ca n't figure out why this happens only occasionally.Skype works well with this , just make sure you have a well charged battery or the call gets dropped .
 It is great sound and I have not had a complaint on anyone not beeing able to hear me . My partner hates his over the ear and we bought one for him also .
 I searched high and low for a overhead headset for my new Sprint Instinct . Nothing was in the market except ear buds which I 'm not comfortable wearing . I found this product and it 's perfect . I can hear clearly , it 's mobile , carries a long charge and folds up small -LRB- with case -RRB- for traveling . Actually the sounds so good that on my last overseas flight I left the BOSE home and used the included airplane mode and connector to listen to films , music and work on my computer . Granted , they are n't noise canceling like the BOSE , but it was great to just carry one small headset instead on two . I 've had these about a month and have n't found any issues . Yes , the volume is clumsy and a little hard to use on the side of the air pieces , but I rarely need to make adjustments since the sound is clear .
 I love this headset ... Well , I have had my Plantronics Pulsar 590A for some years , but have just ordered another one ! I think I paid the full price for my original one , but it has been worth every penny.As I write this review , on my Intel MacBook Pro I am listening to some great music from iTunes . Fortunately , the new Intel Macs , with Leopard OSX 10.5.x have much better Bluetooth 2 support including `` Advanced Audio Distribution Profile -LRB- A2DP -RRB-
 I 've have this headset a month now for use with my Ipod , and it certainly is a keeper.Pros : - Easy to use - Amazing range , I 've been out to 50ft . - Good volumeCons : - Charging setup . While the headsets fit into a nice charging stand , the transmitter dangles at the end of the charger cord , not very elegant . I 'm also questioning the longevity of the `` snap plugs '' that are used for the power connection . - Volume is good , bass response is excellent and the headphones have crisp high-end response . I occasionally pick up some digital artifacts on extended high-frequency notes ... a group of strings playing in the upper register , for example . With Bluetooth headsets in general , I have heard much worse . This is not a deal-breaker , and I am a bit of an audio snob.While it does work quite well in mobile phone applications , It makes for a pretty geeky fashion statement . I have used it only occasionally as a communication device.A nice , well engineered bluetooth headset .
 I have a large amount of music on my Voyager phone and I wanted to hear it in stereo . I tried a standard headset , but it did n't tell me when a call came in , and the wire was awkward . I bought this unit with some trepidation as I 've had poor results with previous Bluetooth connections.This one is perfect . It paired on the first try . Sounds good , lets me know about an incoming call . The microphone part does n't sound great according to people I tried it with but it worked well enough .
 Seems like a simple goal - to make a product that works well for all conceivable purposes . This one is the first thing I have owned in my entire life that gets pretty close . I expect from my head set that I can - listen to music at home -LRB- from the stereo set in the living room -RRB- - listen to music at work -LRB- Bluetooth from the laptop -RRB- - listen to music on the train , in the mall , ... -LRB- from my T-Mobile Shadow -RRB- - use it on airplanes -LRB- wired -RRB- - take phone calls while listening to music - have a clear phone conversation even when in a noisy environment - be wire-free while doing all this - do not have to recharge the device for days despite heavy use - use it in wired mode when out of battery , or to conserve battery - have acceptable sound quality and decent volume even when on batteryYou do not need another headset period . This thing does it all , and it does it well . I am very happy with it .
 This item leaves me wondering ... HOW did i exist before i had it!No more getting up from the computer to nearly kill myself because i 'm still attached . I can wander around my house doing assorted things while maintaining a conversation with my friends . I can listen to my work related phone messages in privacy , and without interruption.I like the flexibility these headphones give me and while I was skeptical of the voice tube , I gave it a shot because I have been a user for years of Plantronics call center headsets and they are top notch.I have since bought one for a friend and recommended it to many others and we all love them.My only disappointment is that the the post on one side is starting to crack a little bit , but that is with exceptionally heavy use -- probably 18 hours a day , 7 days a week.Wouldn ' t hesitate to buy another .
 The foam ear pads get a little soggy if you 're sweating on the treadmill , but otherwise it works great with my cell phone and any audio device . The much-mentioned 1/2 second lag for video does exist , but in my opinion it 's a small price for the freedom of wireless . If you 're expecting a perfect video-watching experience , you should be viewing on a bigger screen .
 The Pulsar 590A is without a doubt the finest BlueTooth device I have ever used . The 11 hour battery life is unmatched , and the versatility of telephone or audio headset , wired or wireless operation is similarly unparalleled . It looks elegant in its charging stand and the `` hockey puck '' analog adapter that turns any headphone jack into a stereo Bluetooth transmitter is worth its weight in Platinum.The only problem is the $ 245 MSRP price tag . Fortunately I acquired mine for $ 110 through Amazon , and at that price it is a bargain impossible to turn down . Plantronics is the headset company that equipped the Apollo astronauts and Mission Control , and they make industrial strength equipment . They also were the vendor of choice for the old Bell System ; if you 've talked with a Telephone Operator , they probably were using a Plantronics headset.If you can find it at a reasonable discount , as I did , BUY IT . You will not regret the purchase .
 Designed exactly for my purpose , sound quality , options , ease of use , best one on the market for the $ $ $ . Fast , fast , fast delivery !!!
 The sound is pretty good . The only complaint is the connector connecting the charger to the headset - it does not connect well all the time . Overall , I think this is a good bluetooth headset available in the market .
 I bought this based on reviews . I 've always wanted cordless headphones but I did n't want ear buds because I wanted a better sound . These headphones are great . The sound is good . The price is good . Ive been using them for a month now and they are still in excellent condition . The other reviews are correct-the signal is still strong at 30 feet . The adapter also works for my tv so I can watch a movie while my wife sleeps and she doesnt have to hear the sound . The phone calls are clear on both ends . Only negative is that my ears get a little hot with the headphones but its winter now and I welcome it . July-Aug may be a different story .
 After an hour of trying to use the headphones with my Macbook Pro 2.16 ghz using the bluetooth feature I almost gave up but found a forum that mentioned how to change the sound setting on the laptop . I did so and was able to listen to itunes . The audio was least to say `` bearable '' but really I would rather use my little walmart earbuds that are n't wireless if listening for a longer period of time . The audio is `` bearable '' in total because depending on your position from the laptop is a huge factor , and you ca n't move your head alot . For some reason I could only use them to listen to itunes and when I tried to listen to any web music like on imeem or youtube I got nothing ! As a headset for bluetooth ... well I tried to pair it with my htc touch pro and it did n't show up but well I would not even dare to step outside wearing these things , I could just get a sleek ultra cool little bluetooth headset even if its on one ear only.Other than the bluetooth problems if you use the universal adapter the audio is actually pretty good , along the lines of any $ 20 earbuds or wrap around ear phones -LRB- which is the only things I can afford and ever used ... except for these which i received as a gift -RRB- and I could use any application and surf music all over the web and go as almost 30ft away from the adapter/laptop . For the cost of about 120 + I do recommend if the most important thing is having a wireless headphones . Blueooth capabilities are a shame but with the adapter then they are well worth it . Still if you are gon na fork over some cash you should look for something that is the best ... for recommendations look at http://forums.macrumors.com/showthread.php?t=235484
 Bought this gift for my husband for Christmas . He is a driver and loves to listen to music . The sound is awesome ! The blue light is not a problem at all , which is something I was concerned with due to reading other reviews . My husband uses it with his Ipod and cell phone and says it was his favorite gift . His friends at work were also impressed and wanted more information on it . A great buy !
 I 've had these headphones for about 3 years now and love them ! I 've paired them with an HP computer , a Wind netbook , a Mac laptop , a Palm Treo , a Palm Centro , and an ipod . I never used the included bluetooth dongle but never had any problems with pairing or with dropping the connection . You have to remember the typical range of a bluetooth connection is only about 12-15m , no matter what devices you use . Contrary to other reviews , I have also paired these with a device that does not allow you to add a passkey code . Battery life is excellent , even after years of use . Headphones have held up well , but the head band -LRB- the part that goes over the top of your head -RRB- is not the most comfortable . Get these and get yourself free of those wires !
 Overall I am satisfied with these headphones , but the lag is very bad for gaming . I have tried different sound cards , settings etc. . But there is always a lag that seems to range from 1-2 seconds . The bluetooth `` dongle '' that you use to connect seems to have an impact on this because I have tried 3 and depending on the drivers , reduced the lag . I have also tried this same setup with a Jabra and these headphones perform much better.A huge drawback for Gaming is that you ca n't get the HD Audio -LRB- Stereo -RRB- if you want to use the Mic ! This kills me . I ca n't listen to the audio of my game in Stereo if I want to be able to talk on the mic for voice communication with someone while I play . As far as I know this is the most expensive bluetooth headset like this out there . It 's also the newest bluetooth standard I beleive . I find this very disappointing considering I ca n't find any non bluetooth options out there and this is the latest and greatest ...
 I just love this product . As noted in other reviews this unit does have some flaws and short comings but if you are not asking them to do more then they were made for I think they are wonderful.I purchased this to do three things -LRB- 1 -RRB- lissen to my audio books on my Zen Micro : This has been great , sound quality is very good , I can usually get 30ft indoors with out interruption . A great added bonus is when I sinch up the headphones to there smallest size they end up just shy of covering my left ear so I can use them while driving -LRB- against the law in FL to drive with both ears covered -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- my phone a Treo 650 : These have been the best phone head sets by far . I have not been able to find one of the smaller ones that I can really hear well -LRB- have tried several -RRB- . People are usually very supprised to find out I was using a headset . Answering a call is pritty seamless , would be nice if it would pause my mp3 player but thats my players fault . -LRB- 3 -RRB- to use at home to lissen to TV after my wife goes to bed.This has worked out wonderfully , except the half second delay . It may even be less . I have not had any problems with loud sound effects in movies or with music.Other then that can creak alittle , may have tighten up a couple screws , they have been great !
 This A2DP bluetooth headphone is excellent . When listening to music I hear instruments that I do n't hear on my home or car system and this headphone has awed every friend or co-worker that has tried it on and listened to it . It is very functional -LRB- provided you are right handed -RRB- with almost any accessory that you need already included including a hard case to carry it all in and a dongle to use with any headphone out jack . Sound is awesome whether it comes from my phone , PC , or TV . Another plus is that Plantronics seems to be using a common charge port for their different bluetooth products . You have the ability to charge this using AC or via USB with both charger cords included . The phone functions are great too . People I have talked to on this headphone say it sounds nearly as good as speaking right into the phone . It also comes with a charging stand to use at home or work . You wo n't be disappointed unless you hate the style and color . I 've used Plantronics headsets in the television industry since the 70 's and based on past experience knew I was buying a quality product .
 One of the best buys I 've ever made . I 've been looking for a good wireless headphone for 20 years -LRB- really ! -RRB- , but never found a set that was comfortable and had clear sound without interference . All the ones I tried were RF analogue ones , and they always seemed to have crackles etc.Now Bluetooth technology had matured I decided to fork out the cash for the Plantronics . I live in Australia so had them ordered from the US -LRB- saved about AU$ 50 -RRB- . A switching powersupply is included , so I only needed a plugadaptor for OZ power sockets . The set is fantastically complete , with a great protective travel case and other bits that are very useful . I had n't heard of Plantronics before , but recently have seen their headsets being used by receptionists - so they should know about making reliable products!I 've had them for a week now , and am using them with my laptop , desktop , iPaq 6515 and home stereo -LRB- via the 3.5 mm analogue bluetooth adaptor -RRB- . It installed/worked without a hitch with all these . Stereo sound quality is great - more than sufficient for me -LRB- considering MP3 is n't perfect either -RRB- , and I find them really comfortable . I also love how incoming phonecalls and/or directions from my GPS software just temporarily interrupt the music . With the iPaq I can also switch music tracks easily with the buttons on the headphone . This does n't seem to be supported by the bluetooth tools and/or iTunes/Windows Media Player under XP , but that does n't worry me because I 'm at the keyboard then anyway ... People can hear me well when I 'm on the mobile phone using them as a headset . I have n't tried them with VoIP yet , but other reviews indicate success , and I do n't doubt they 'll work fine.I only have two negative points
 I purchased this headset and have had it for a few days now . Overall , in stereo mode the sound quality is very nice , and the range is wonderful . I can almost walk everywhere in my house and get audio on the adapter that came with the system . If your looking for a wireless headset to use for voice communications , such as Ventilo or Teamspeak , I would n't necessarily suggest this one . The built in voice functionality is sub-par for VoIP communications , but excellent for phone communications . It 's still an excellent headset , and wireless is a god sent , but I am still using a wired mic for best quality of sound . If you have extensive knowledge of bluetooth , I believe there is a way you can rewrite the stacks to get CD quality sound in voice communications mode . However , I use a Logitech DiNovo bluetooth desktop and it causes extensive lag in communications mode when hooked upto my existing bluetooth adapter .
 I purchased the 590A a couple of months ago and could n't be happier with it . It does n't need the adapter to pair with my blackberry pearl . It 's very comfortable , and the battery life is excellent - the phone will run out of juice before the headset does . I am on the phone most of the day , and this is the first headset I 've found that I can wear and use all day without having to make constant adjustments.The other thing I really like about the headset is that I can use it with my hearing aids -LRB- ITC style -RRB- without feedback . The earpieces sit on top of the ear but not so close as to cause squealing . The volume and clarity are very good . These headphones make it much , much easier for me to use the phone , and I 'm glad I bought them .
 Ecstatic about this product.Have taken the necessary precautions wrt avoiding cracking the headband - thank goodness I do n't have a big head ! Great sound . Good connection . Lasts for hours . Quick charge time -LRB- desktop & via USB -RRB- . The best part of the product is that when you 're out of juice - something that has yet to happen - an extension has been provided that converts wireless into wired -LRB- I use this when I 'm at work so I do n't use up the battery -RRB- iPod and the bluetooth dongle fit nicely in the headphone travelling case when I am using the headphones . And the case matches my VYPER ! Only downfall is that I ca n't navigate tracks ... answer ? Shuffle .
 It 's good for me to be in office or home . I do need to worry about the line limit or accident when walking .
 I have only had this item for a short time , and I have not used it more than a handful of times . The sound quality is pretty good , but I 'm not an audiophile . Works great with my Sony Ericsson phone as well as my Ipod . If a call comes in while I 'm listening to my music , an audible alert is sounded , and a push of the side button will switch the headset to my phone . Then when the call is ended , the music switches back automatically . Nice for travel and on the plane . Only complaint so far is that the set seems like it could be built a little more durably . The flashing blue light on the right ear can be annoying if I am on the plane ... I 'm sure it irritates my neighbors , especially if the cabin lights are dimmed . There should be an option to turn this off on bluetooth devices in my opinion . The flashing light is a waste of battery power . Excellent battery life with this product as well .
 these head phones are great for truck drivers , the battery life is on ly about 8 hours other than that there perfect
 This audio device has two great capabilities if used with a smartphone :1 . Enables you to listen to your favorite music with an HiFi Quality , and2 . Enables you to be ready to answer your phone if you receive a callWhen used in a separated way ; i.e. as hands free device or audio device runs very well and it has the tremendous flexibility to operate with non bluetooth devices.Recomendable .
 I purchased 3 sets of these over Christmas for gifts -LRB- one for myself -RRB- and I have to say they are amazing !! Sound quality is fantastic and works a treat with my bluetooth phone -LRB- and I have an obscure VK4000 !! anyone heard of that model ? - there you have it !! -RRB- All in all , these rock !! UPDATE
 great headphones . fairly easy to pair -LRB- I gave them to a semi-techno friend for Xmas -RRB- , and she LOVES them.having your cell calls automatically come onto the phones is like magic , and these worked from 2 rooms away from the transmitter .
 I purchased this through Amazon and recieved it the next day with free ground shipping -LRB- from Sacramento , I 'm in SF -RRB- even though it was through a partner -LRB- computer brain -RRB- . Seamlessly bound with my laptop -LRB- using included universal bluetooth adapter -RRB- and phone -LRB- Motorola Razr -RRB- . The sound is awesome -LRB- good bass -RRB- for music and the user interface is easy for receiving/swapping to calls and back . Do n't know about battery life yet , but it came fully charged which is a nice out-of-box experience . Plantronics is THE BEST in voice quality -- did some analysis for a job once . -LRB- They do NASA , Aviation , etc , so they know their stuff -RRB- .
 I do a lot of aerobic sports and was looking for a way to listen to audio on a headset without having to be connected by wires to the player . This is a great product , and it comes in a super travel case for storage .
 I listen to my iPod all day at my desk at work , and was finally getting tired of being tied to the headphone cord . So I went shopping for wireless headphones and after a bit of research I ended up with these.I 've had these for several months and they are working great . I turned the sound on the iPod as high as it would go and turn down the sound on the headphones , and that gets rid of the static sound that some people have reported . I leave the headset in the charging cradle overnight and have n't had any problems with the battery running down during the work day . If I forget to charge it then it dies a few hours into the second day . The sound quality is fine , although I admit I 'm not an audiophile , and it blocks out enough ambient noise for me to be able to concentrate on my work but is n't totally sound-blocking so I can still hear when somebody says my name.The only reason I took off a star is they fit rather tightly on my head -LRB- and I 'm a woman with a relatively small head -RRB- so my ears are starting to get a little sore by the end of the day . And some earrings make it impossible to wear these , although the vast majority are fine .
 I have bought 3 now in the last year . I need it , because I have a hearing aid , and this is the only way to use a GSM mobile hands free . But it is a little strange to act as a blue light . I needed 3 , because the mechanical quality is very poor.I even was once stopped , driving in my car , by a police officer , that said the use of a flasshing blue light while driving was against the law.That is the reason I am now searching for a better one , of a competitor I presume
 A couple of years ago I ordered the Pulsar Plantronics 590E set from another website and while their product description indicated I would recieve all of the accessories -LRB- the same info was used for the 590A -RRB- I did n't get them . Even without those accessories these headphones have been the best bluetooth wireless investment I 've made so far . The sound quality is excellent and the controls are easy to learn . Pairing with various bluetooth enabled devices has been a breeze . The additional accessories the the 590A comes with just added icing to the cake . I 'd reccomend these wireless headphones to anyone . As a matter if fact I bought this set for my fiancee to use with her Samsung Rumor and her iPod Nano and she loves them .
 Pros : - great sound in BT mode . It 's actually not perfect , but you wo n't notice after a minute.-can connect like a regular headphone , without power , using included cable . Sound is even better than wireless.-full charge lasts a long time.-sound delay is not as bad as it seems . I velcro 'd my puck to the back of a PSP and it works fine.-With some effort , you can safely pop off the foam ear pads and wash them.-Can pair with multiple devices.-stops audio if a call comes in.-comes with a USB power connector , so you do n't have to carry the brick.Cons : - tight fit , but it 's ok if you stretch it a few times and do n't use the charging base.-the prorietary Plantronics power adapter is GARBAGE . I 'm about to solder in a USB connector because their design is so flaky.-early units would occasionally fry and not charge -LRB- despite being spec 'd for worldwide use -RRB- . Props to Plantronics for replacing them for free.-volume controls are left/right ; track controls are up/down . How does that make sense?Note : If you are new to BT profiles , you 'll have to get used to the fact that there are two `` profiles '' in use for these devices
 Easy to link to both computer and telephone simultaneously . Computer audio cuts out when the phone rings . Works well with Skype . Comfortable to wear for extended periods . Audio adapter works very well with iPod . Sounds great.Not good at noise canceling on telephone calls in a car . Lots of background noise .
 Great toy ! Sound quality is very good . Allows you to listen to music from your ipod and take a call when it comes in . Good for hands free driving which is a current issue for driver safety . As added benefit , this bluetooth adapter lets two people listen to your ipod music at the same time . With a spliter one line directly to headset and the other to adapter , the second person can listen to what is on ipod and then take calls . This works great for my wife and I when we take walks .
 When my previous head phones were damaged , I immediately asked myself `` I wonder if anyone has made bluetooth head phones ? '' I found Plantronics and was amazed by how well they worked and how great they sound . I was most impressed with the talking feature and how the head phones would pause my music when I get a call and automatically resume at the same spot when the call ended . WONDERFUL !! I 100 % recommend this product !!!
 Been using this for a month or so now with no complaints . I am able to use it across the whole of my 5000 sqft office building , with few exceptions . The headphones are comfortable . Signal does not break up like many headsets when leaving range , instead it cleanly cuts the feed but not too rapidly .
 Great headset , clarity and stereophonic sound I hear from this headset is so superior that it is like hearing the music from my components . It also allows me not to miss my calls -LRB- cell phone -RRB- while enjoying my music working out at the gym and being wireless there are no dangles that could get caught in machines .
 I 'm using this with a Dell D400 laptop that has built in Toshiba bluetooth -LRB- Dell Truemobile 350 module that took five minutes to install - $ 26 on Ebay -RRB- . Setup was pretty straight forward and it seems to work great for what I wanted . Two different modes really , a stereo music mode , and a headset mode for phone use . If there 's a way to have both at once , I have n't figured it out yet , as I switch back and forth . The stereo mode works great with iTunes or WMP , with the track buttons on the headset , too . I have found out in that mode the bluetooth signal is more sensitive to walls than shear range . Walking very far does n't work if there are walls in between . The headset mode works great with Skype . I have n't tried it with a cell phone , but that 's where the two modes are supposed to work simultaneously . I 'm very pleased - $ 109 with shipping , and it 's everything I wanted .
 These stereo headphones have extremely good quality sound . They are very comfortable to wear and I have worn them for up to four hours . They are extremely easy to use and connect to my LG 9400 phone . The hard case to carry them and other equipment is excellent . The item that makes this the best value by far in a stereo bluetooth headset is the analog adapter . I use this to listen to music when I am using the computer and also to listen to my ipod shuffle . I can put the analog adapter in my pocket and clip the metal shuffle on my pocket and it works pefectly . Because of the adapter , this would be the only stereo headset that I would consider buying . The only negative that I have is the flashing light on the headset . It is a little distracting , but is a minor inconvenience . I strongly recommend this product !!!
 I 've had my headset for almost a year now.I got it for the same price as you can get it today ... here -LRB- less than $ 120 -RRB- . I use them mainly for skateboarding , so they get put through the ringer . A fall from 12 stairs is not a good example of `` careful handling '' , neither is the rather large quantities of sweat that they have to endure.I use them with my A2DP smartphone.I have used them with the adapter and my ipod , and I have used them wired on airplanes.The sound quality is good.The range is good.I do n't have any cracks in the plastic.I do n't have any charging issues , nor do I have battery life issues.My only complaints about this product are some design features.I do n't like the left-right volume controls , they should be up and down.I also do n't like the very large and conspicuous blue flashing light on the side . I look like a fricken moron . These headphones are supposed to make me look cool like James Bond.Minor complaints for a near perfect product .
 The sound is good , considering is bluetooth . -LRB- does n't compare with wired phones of course -RRB- The telescoping microphone works great , and the one touch call function works everytime.The fit is comfortable and thats sayin alot since my head is pretty freakin big.The range is n't anything spectacular if you are using these for your pc or laptop , but a decent usb dongle should solve that.All in all , i would recommend these to anyone who are looking for quality bluetooh headphones for your music and for your phone.The only thing is that these are n't that discreet , and the band can be snapped if your are n't careful .
 Easiest bluetooth device setup I have ever used , top quality product with very good sound quality .
 I have had this headset for over 2 months . It works well in very quiet areas but as most headsets , in loud areas it picks up ambient noise . Reception is good , but it starts to get static about 5 feet from the phone . Battery life is very good and it does n't take long to fully charge . Overall , good product .
 This headset is awesome ! its cute first of all but most importantly you can be far away from your phone and there will be little to no static on this headset ! I highly recommend it!Conni
 I love this bluetooth . It has very clear reception , good fitting over the ear , very comfortable . I even forget I have it on my ear . The instructions are easy to read and understand . I would recommend this to anyone and I would buy another in a heart beat . I love the color also . It is a soft pink color and it looks great . Easy to use and the battery lasts a long time before it needs recharging .
 Now that NJ has gotten ticket happy for people who talk on their cell phones while driving , this bluetooth is a great choice . It 's rechargeable , lightweight and easy to use . I do n't use it that often -LRB- about once a week -RRB- so I have no idea how long the battery lasts if used on a daily basis , but since I 've had it , I 've only had to charge it once . Great chioce if you want an inexpensive , rechargeable bluetooth .
 This is a very good bluetooth headset . It 's inexpensive and well worth it . All the reviews about how unstable it is , do n't worry about it . It just feels like it going to fall off , but it wo n't .
 I got the pink for my daughter and I liked it so much I got one for me in silver .
 This product works as promised , was easy to replace , but wo n't know how long it will last till later .
 Awesome experience . I love the Holster . It is perfect for my Blackberry Perl 8100 . I can not be any happier and the price was spot on . Thanks
 This product is awesome . Fits the Pearl like a glove . Could n't have found a better fit and the leather is top notch . If you have a pearl , I would strongly suggest this item and the seller was awesome too . Had it the next day
 Just got my Case in the last week and I am loving the perfectly tailored fit and functionality . My sister has one also and she loves it . I can not ask for a great case to carry my 8100 blackberry . I strongly recommend this Krussel product for all blackberry users .
 Hi - I bought this holster for my black berry when I am out and about , go into the office etc. . Nothing super fancy but the flap closes nicely every time , has a good magnetic connection , fits snug around my phone , and is a great buy for the money . I highly recommend and I would buy it again .
 I ordered this case two days after I ordered a skin from another company . A few days later expecting the skin ; this case was in my mailbox . So far , I totally pleased with it . It fits perfectly . The magnet for shuting off the Pearl 's screen works perfect . I guess I question is it truly produce by Blackberry -LRB- OEM -RRB- because I notice on the photos -LRB- also from RIM 's website -RRB- , the stitching is white and on the product I received , it 's black . I just wonder if it is an OEM product ; how can they sale it so cheaply ? It 's a $ 25 buck case retail . Can I live with the black stitching ? Heck yes ! This case appears to be well constructed , the price is awesome and VibeCelluar had it to me in days after the order . It 's now 3/27 and the skin is no where to be found . Very , very happy . Is it a knock off ? I hope not but I think no one would know . I 'll buy another in a heartbeat !!!
 I got this one for very good deal , I am very happy with this product and Amazon .
 Got this 2 years ago and still in great condition . Dropped my phone a few times because i left it on my belt while playing basketball.Only thing is the metal plate that says blackberry started to rust.Would still be using this but I no longer use my blackberry .
 Beautiful finish -- does not look cheap . It 's stylish , and does a decent job of staying on my pants without a belt to clip to , particularly when I 'm at the gym .
 as an OEM product this case has the required magnet to make sure your pearl screen turns off when in the case thus preserving battery life . Very nice case has lasted me over 6 months now and still looks great . Good luck finding a price like this at your local electronics or cellular providers store .
 This is a stylish and function piece of equipment . If you dont have one purchase one to keep your phone in excellent condition .
 excellent item and IS an official blackberry case . for the price this ca n't be beat !
 This case is very stylish and at the same time very practical . It securely holds the phone and it has a very neat key deactivation feature so you do n't always have to keep locking the keypad - you just slide it into the case and the keypad deactivates ! No more calling people from my pocket !
 EXACTLY what I needed , wanted and expected . The swivel clip as well as the leather holster is extremely durable and well made .
 After finding that my new BlackBerry Pearl did not come with a holster , I started searching for one on Amazon . While viewing another third-party case , I saw the little blurb that showed that most people that had viewed that item bought this one instead , and now I know why . This is the perfect holster for the Pearl . It fits the device snugly , is easy to use with one hand , is well-made , and just looks sharp . It has a solidly-attached plastic spring-clamp type belt clip that has a locking-swivel to hold the case in place at any angle you prefer . All in all , this is a great product and if you 're looking for a holster for your Pearl 8100 , I strongly recommend this one .
 The lambskin feels very nice and keeps my blackberry 8100 pearl very snug and protected . Great Buy ! Oh and the screen shutoff feature is pretty nifty in saving battery power on those long trips .
 Functionally , as good as any other blackberry holster . However , my perception is that it is `` cheap plastic looking '' because it is shiny . It has a sheen that may need a little sandpaper taken to it .
 similar item is priced 20 $ in other stores bestbuy or circuitcity . I recommend this product to everyone .
 The soft leather case contains a built in magnet , which when inserting your blackberry phone , powers down the screen , placing the phone in standby mode , without your doing anything other than placing the phone in the holster . Flap over the top of the phone also has a magnetic latch , not the strongest in the world ; however , the phone will stay put even if standing on your head . Case has a swivel clip on the back , allowing adjustment in steps from vertical to horizonal -LRB- still secure -RRB- . Only down side is the clip will only fit on belts up to 1-1/4 '' width -LRB- wider 1-1/2 '' + cowboy types or thick holster width belts are too large for the clip -RRB- , and the plastic can break if stepped on or laid on with enough weight . Make sure it is shipped in a box , not a pouch for that reason -LRB- it can arrive broken , but someone in shipping does have to work at it , if it 's not in a pouch . First one for blackberry several years ago was almost $ 30 , , when you can find a deal on Amazon 's dealer like Unlimited Cellular , at less than $ 10 plus shipping it is a bargain . . Dave , Construction Consultant
 I lost the original case so was in desperate need of another one . Perfect match to the one I lost - just like one I bought from the phone store .
 I purchased a new 8110 and this case at a major electonics store ; the case was $ 29.99 at the store . This case is exactly the same -LRB- less the retail packaging -RRB- ; for under $ 10.00 this is an excellent value . I requested standard shipping and received it within five days.All in all , a quality product and an excellent value !
 The product is genuine and half what it would have cost from Blackberry . Shipping was very fast . No complaints for a first time Amazon buy !
 this is a great product for a very reasonable price . I am very pleased with my purchase which arrive promplty .
 I love my Blackberry Pearl and my swivel case is the icing on the proverbial cake . Good quality swivel mechanism that appears to have the potential to last a long time , something that prior holsters have failed to do . I also like the magnetic closure , which snaps closed securely and quickly once I place my Pearl into the case , without the need for finding a snap fitting . My older Blackberries have had cases which , after use , had their entries obstructed by flaps that fold over causing me to use the `` two-handed '' method for nesting my phone , one hand to move the flap out of the way , and the other to insert the phone into the case . This is a very frustrating occurence since I am usually attempting the more-preferred `` one-handed '' approach . Although still relatively new , my new case appears to have no such appendage which might at a later date become worn and tired thereby causing an obstruction.Before I purchased my Leather Swivel case , I looked at 3rd party generic cases . Each of these were unable to `` notify '' my Blackberry that it was in its holster . With my new swivel case , as soon as I insert my Pearl , the display shuts off thereby extending battery life . In addition , this feature allows different profiles to be selected for when my BB is holstered or not . Also , since this is an OEM case , it was made especially for my Pearl . When holsetered , both the USB connector , the earphone outlets and the volume control buttons are all accessible . With non-OEM cases , in order to use a hands free device or to charge my phone , I might have to remove the phone from its case.I am a little disappointed that the Pearl came with no case at all . This is probably due to its small size and your ability to just slip the phone into your shirt pocket , unlike prior Blackberry devices . Of course , that still exposes the vulnerable display to significant scratch-potential . They should have at least provided a simple pouch , which would provide some protection . This of course is a comment on the Pearl itself and not the swivel case , which is the subject of THIS review . All-in-all , I highly recommend this case for those of you who still wear your phones on your belt ... and since I 'm at it , I LOVE MY PEARL .
 After using an OEM case that was far too large , I found this case on Amazon and just finally ordered it . Smaller web-based vendors can be iffy , but the case arrived when it was supposed to , and it was packaged very well for shipping.I was very pleased with the quality of the case , first off . The leather is soft and well-stitched . It fits the phone very snugly without making it impossible to get the phone in and out . I like the vertical style cases more than the horizontal , and the swivelling belt clip is very sturdy . The flap is easy to open with one hand , and it does n't interfere with accessing the phone.The case also uses the magnets to put the phone into standby , which saves battery life and talk time . The design is obviously for the Pearl , as it leaves all the important jacks and ports accessible while the phone is still in the case.You ca n't go wrong with this case if you need a basic , well-crafted , good quality case .
 One drawback of any soap-bar , or candy-bar style phone is that you have to lock the keyboard with some button combination every time you put it away or it will dial the last person you called , or someone on speed-dial when you inadvertently push one of it 's keys . This holster has magnets in it that automatically puts the Pearl in standby mode , which disables the keys . The belt-clip also allows you to rotate the holster into the most comfortable position you can for driving , or walking around .
 These cases were not available when the Pearl hit the market , we were able to get them from this merchant . Good quality item at a great price . Thank you .
 I had been using this product for 2 weeks now . No problems/discomfort . Quality stuff .
 It was exactly what i was looking for , was not expecting the tough clicking turn clip thing but it works and doesnt fall off when i run soooo ...
 This is a nice holder but it does break if your not careful . I just ordered my 3rd one because they seem to break easy when getting into my truck , this could be avoided if you swivel the phone before you enter a car seat . This is not a faulty design just the end user being lazy and not being careful getting in and out of a vehicle .
 If you 're wondering whether this is the same case that you can get through the official Blackberry store , I can tell you that I ca n't tell the difference if there is one . This is a fine product at a great price .
 Great Case for the price . Leather , belt clip and very convenient . The auto shut off magnet works great to avoid accidental calls and contacts.From RAV
 excellent fit , has the magnet built-in to trigger standby mode - sturdy belt clip that rotates . I wish the belt clip would be higher up on it cause i hate the phone digging into my side when i sit down , but i just wear it on my pocket instead of my belt - it 's really a matter of personal preference , and as far as these things go , this one is very well made and works great .
 i have ordered a couple cases from this seller and always on time and good products . NO problems here .
 This fits my blackberry pearl perfectly . Too bad verizon didnt put one of these in with my phone with i bought it . Instead they gave me a lame pouch that pissed me off . The only give these nice holsters out with the blackberry that is 100 more than the pearl.bottom line , looks good and fits perfect and great price .
 The product is beautiful . The lambskin is so soft and smooth . The magnetic closure is extremely strong . I only wish that the swivel clip-on could be removed sometimes .
 The case is well made and just what you need to keep your Pearl safe
 I really wanted to get something to protect my BB Pearl and did a bit of searching to find just what I wanted . I normally put my phones in my pocket which invariably leads to accidental phone calls or a ton of pictures of the inside of my pants pocket . Well no more ! This holster is one of the neatest cell doo-dads I 've found in quite a while . Very slick how it locks the keypad and puts the phone in to a sleep mode automatically . Plus the lambskin is nice and soft . Got a Pearl ? Get this .
 great looking , durable and has the auto turn-off feature that eliminates the need to manually switch off the unit in meetings etc by just inserting it into the holder ... great value and tastefully designed .
 The holster fits perfectly . When the device is inserted it shuts off the power to save battery life but is still functional . Just what we needed .
 This is a great cell phone holster . I use it with generic flip phones . This holster supports cell phones that are approximately 2 inches wide and up to 4 inches tall . The holster has panels that stretch making it easy to adapt to most phones.FYI , I ordered this unit from WebTreo . They sent me a wider version which was 2.5 inches wide . It was a lot of hassle getting hold of the seller to get the exchange made . Two weeks later I received the correct unit .
 Very well-made holster for the Pearl . The groove for the trackball could be a little bigger . Other than that , it 's perfect .
 very happy with purchase , althou U.S. Postal service sent it to wrong place & had to re-route it .
 Product arrived in less than one week , and was exactly what i expected . Overall , im very pleased with this vendor .
 Bought this a while ago and so far is holding up ! Typically the swivels just break right away for me if it 's a cheap product . But for the price , this is actually holding up well ! Plus the leather looks pretty good ! I recommend this to anybody with a Pearl !
 This Blackberry Pearl case is great . Fits snug but not too snug . Looks great too . Add an Invisishield protector to this case and you 're good to go .
 This ia a wonderful case for the Blackberry Pearl . It 's made of soft leather , looks great , fits perfectly and has an easy to use magnetic strap to hold the Pearl securely in the case . The price was right as well .
 This case is very nice looking and well built . The magnet closure is strong so the strap closes itself with just a slight flick . The case is sized accurately so it fits snug without making it difficult to insert or remove the phone . It has the magnet mechanism that puts your phone in standby when you start to put it into the case . You never have to worry about locking the keys or accidentally calling someone when you insert or remove the phone . Very cool feature that handles one of the main issues with any phone case.The ratchet on the swivel mechanism seems more stable than most , and I have never had the case twist out of the position I set . The clip is plenty stiff to hold most anywhere and I never worry that it will come off . The leather is very soft and the interior is very kind to the scratch-prone shell of my red Pearl .
 Great product . . I like the swivel clip and the channel for the trackball -LRB- I was sick of making 911 calls because the trackball would get pushed in my non-OEM case -RRB- . Great product . . and worth the extra few $ $ s.
 This tip should be labeled differently . It is actually a mini-USB tip for the Kensington charger . While it actually is for the BlackBerry it works for anything that uses a mini-USB . I wish they would have called it `` mini-USB tip '' to avoid the confusion I had prior to buying the thing . The price is crazy too . Kinda pricey for just one tip but if you have the charger you know that the thing is getting harder to find . I use it to charge all of my mini-USB stuff and have n't had any problems .
 Does the job for a replacement charger Ordered for relative . Reports that it was a fair price for product .
 I 've found this is a required item if you use the phone a lot . The battery of the VX4400 is n't what it could be , and I find after a few conversations , it 's about dead.It does the job it 's intended to , which is charge the battery while travelling .
 I love that i can hold 1500 songs and that it is black and white
 IT WORKS VERY WELL AND IS NOT THE LEAST BIT EXPENSIVE AS COMPARED TO THE OEM REPLACEMENT WHICH WOULD COST AT LEAST TWICE AS MUCH .
 Great product works just like the original only better . Fast service , good packaging , will do business with this company again !
 I had been buying chargers for my LG phone that were bargain versions not made or endorsed by LG . I had two fail within a relatively short time . Decided to buy this LG product , and am very happy with it -- a well-made , durable product , much sturdier than the knock-offs , and working perfectly so far . Well worth the small additional cost overall .
 Were a little apprehensive buying these hands-free headsets for our LG phones , but were pleasantly surprised with the fit , form , function and quality of this product . A great purchase to complement your LG phone . As always make sure the headset connector will fit into the phone hands free port . Why buy this at a wireless store , when you can shop for this on Amazon !
 I am so pleased with my Lg headset . I have bought many different ones in the past and none are this clear and durable . I use it all of the time and I could n't be happier .
 Item was as advertised . Arrived earlier than expected . These headphones do not put out the amount of sound I would like them to but they do a decent job .
 The LG Headset Earbud for LG Phones works as advertised . Plug it into your phone & plug it into your ear & you are connected to the world . Very little effort is involved .
 Worked great -LRB- listening to stereo MP3s , microphone pickup , etc. -RRB- except for the car auto-answer after 5-seconds option . I thought there was something wrong with my phone , but I called Verizon and they sent me a new one with the same problem . I do n't know if the problem is with me -LRB- looking at the wrong product -RRB- , the phone -LRB- the new one was a coincidence -RRB- , or the headset -LRB- whatever the headset 's supposed to do besides being plugged in for this option to work -RRB- . If there are any other Kyocera 7135 users with related experiences or know better please let me know .
 This carrier for cell phones offers many carrying options -LRB- wristlet , belt , bag -RRB- and is reasonably priced . It was nicely constructed and serves the purpose for which it was intended very well . The only thing I might have added was a snap -LRB- it would need to be a little bit longer to accomodate a snap -RRB- to close it shut -LRB- it is an open design -RRB- , so the cell phone could n't fall out of the carrier . Since I have it attached to the inside of my bag , this is generally not a problem , but for those who carry it on a belt or wrist , etc. , it might be .
 Nobody had this product until I found it here . The price was great and I got it within the week with just normal delivery !!!
 This replacement battery works perfectly . It brought life back to an old phone , so there are no complaints on this end . Thanks .
 was about to replace my samsung phone -LRB- four years old , a dinosaur -RRB- , when I found this battery on Amazon . Works great . No complaints . Saved me lots of money by keeping my old phone and my old service , which would have gone up with a new phone .
 It 's a battery . What can I say . It works great , just like the one that came with the phone did when it was new . Worth the money , and cheaper than a new phone .
 This cable works with the Macintosh iSync program , which is distributed free as part of System X.
 Excellent product - holds a charge like the original battery . Received in a very timely manner . Thanks !
 I 've had this for about a month now . It works great as a portable , easy to use MP3 player for your phone . You can even answer the phone with the headset provided!Compatible with select versions Motorola V300 , V400 , V600 , V60t , V60t Color , V60i -LRB- TDMA , or GSM version -RRB- V120t , V66i , T721 , T720i , T720 -LRB- GSM version -RRB- , T280i , C331 and C332 -LRB- TDMA version -RRB- and C353 -LRB- TDMA -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The shipper e-mailed me with details that I questioned about the product . The item was as described and a fair price .
 I have a motto to live by Reduce Reuse Repair Recycle . Since most Americans get a new cellphone every six months to a year , the carrier -LRB- It starts with a V -RCB- sells you a phone with a battery that will last you two years tops . After two years they stop carrying replacement batteries so they can force you -LRB- their loyal customer -RRB- to buy another crumby phone that costs the CARRIER maybe $ 50 bucks tops so that they can lock you into another contract with a termination fee for the full MSRP ; lets say 200 dollars . This act of forcing one to buy a new phone every one to two years is fueling a war in central Africa where rare metals like Coltan and Germanium are mined . In 2010 a BILLION new cellphones will be manufactured with over 200 million of those destined for the USA . If you would like to help end Wars for Resources buy a replacement battery , keep using that old cellphone , and demand that your carrier give you a discount for preventing bloodshed . I would like to thank this battery manufacture for saving the life of a nameless/faceless child soldier .
 I received the wrong battery within 2 days . Then I e-mailed DLN and received the correct batter 2 days later . It has worked well .
 The battery arrived ahead of schedule , fit right into my phone , and has worked fine ever since . Good product , good supplier -- what more can you ask ?
 I was wary of buying such an inexpensive battery considering how much the wireless retailer wanted to charge for a replacment but this battery has held a charge very well . I have owned it for several months now and am still very happy with it .
 The product was shipped in a timely manner and arrived as described . I would purchase from this seller again .
 The holster accessory for the VX4400 phone I 've found is about the only thing that works to secure your phone . I 've used neo and leather cases , which seem to always interfere with the phone 's operation . Buttons or parts of the display seem to end up obscured.But the standard old plain holster seems to work best .
 I purchased this item to power mt Magellan Explorist 500 LE GPS unit . it works perfectly . The 3 pack battery that came with the unit lasted about 5 hours . With this battery I get about 13 hours of operation and using the PSP2 car power cord I can recharge the battery on the go and have the unit ready to go another 13 hours .
 I bought this battery as it is the one that works in the Magellan Explorist 500 LE handheld GPS reciever . It fits perfectly and works fine . The battery was new and came with a replacement cover for a Motorola T720 Phone.With this battery and a Sony PSP power adapter you can avoid the high cost of the battery pack Magellan sells for their unit .
 Slightly less battery life than the factory battery . But at half the price , who cares ? I have two that I keep with my eXplorist 500 . Holds a charge for a couple of weeks -- longer than the factory battery . Highly recommended for when you are n't going to be near an outlet for a while -- like when I was recently in China .
 i like it very well its iightwaight and also very sleek not to fancy . Also i like the swivel belt clip .
 The camera snaps on to you phone and is very handy . great case you can put it on you keaychain its very small
 Technically its not really a charger since theres not much in the way of built in electronics and the actual power adapter isnt included . Compatable with most of the newer Motorola phones , it has a plug that snaps in when you dock the phone and has the same port comming out the back of the charger . You can plug in the A/C charger that comes with the phone or a USB data cable if you have one that goes to your computer -LRB- for address books , etc -RRB- , the port on the back is a complete duplicate of the one on your phone.I 've used it on the Motorola T720/730 as well as the V710 that just came out , though its not listed in the description . There is also an slot in the back to charge a separate battery at the same time . The clock on the front is battery powered like a standard wristwatch and does not use the power from the cable , not sure what the reasoning is on this , maybe they meant for it to be something that was intended to be more portable.I did have one other charger for this same phone that was a cheaper generic version . It was horrible compared to this Motorola one . The phone was hard to seat and overall it was pretty ugly . So having had the far cheaper and uglier version , I appreciated this one much more .
 Even though the price is right , the color is not what i expected . The color is more of a burgandy not Red . However , its a very nice color and has the motorola sign on it . Comes nicely packaged in a reclosable container that can store the stock case . Amazon packes it in with air filled pouches . ALL IN ALL I GIVE IT A 5 star . However , becasue of the wrong color , it goes down to a 4 star .
 Having a Nokia go phone that will only be hands free with this headset I had to get it . Over all it 's a good item . Can be hard to hear who your talking to at times if there is a lot of background noise on your end . Crystal clear for those hearing you .
 The Nokia over the ear headset has worked great for me . I have very small ears and the earbuds wo n't stay in , so this not only is very comfortable , but the over the ear piece keeps it from constantly falling off/out of my ear .
 My husband drives a noisy diesel tanker truck at his work . We were having trouble hearing each other on our phones , This ear piece works well in noisy situations . and he is hands free , as wa state reqiures .
 This little headset delivered what it should have
 Unable to locate this item in retail stores or through Nokia . so easy to buy this online and it arrived very quickly .
 This product is well made and suits the purpose perfectly . I like the comfort it has on my ear and the sound is great .
 The Nokia over-the-ear boom headset has been a godsend for my nearly deaf father . He can HEAR me now when he uses his phone . Thanks to Nokia and Amazon , Dad can use a cell phone now .
 This is a very good product for my needs . It is the only headset I have found that works with the Vonage UTStarcom wifi phone . I would recommend this product - especially to Vonage users .
 This little headset is light and cofortable ... no problem to wear . It works well and I am quite satisfied with it . Great value !
 It works so that I can have my hands free when talking on phone . But It is not very well designed 'cause the headset is a little awkward to put on the ear . The connection with the cellphone sometimes is not very well especially when you move . There comes the noise .
 I 've been using Nokia cell phones for years and this is the first time I 've ever used a headset . The model of my phone -LRB- 6010 -RRB- does n't have a lot of variety as far as headsets go , so I was a bit worried about what I was going to get.Most of my friends have the kind of headset that has the microphone that hangs down at their mouths ... which I 've always personally never liked ... it looked awkward and just not very nice to look at . But one of the first things that appealed to me about this Boom Headset is its sleek design . The microphone and ear piece are connected in a small , discrete , black unit that is hidden on whichever side of your face you use it on.Another element that I love about my headset is this small button it has hidden on the earpiece to answer and hang up when you have a call . I find this most helpful when I 'm driving . Before I take off , I place the headset on my ear and leave my phone in the cup holder . When I get a call , instead of having to reach down and search for my phone 's answer button , I can keep my eyes on the road , reach up to my ear , click a button and I 'm talking ! Then when I have to hang up , I press the button again and I 'm disconnected like that!Having this headset is great for when I have to use the phone and do other things . It lets me multitask ! And this may not seem like that big of a deal , but being able to do other things without having to balance your phone between your shoulder and head is really great . I can use the computer , cook , walk around the house , all at ease with my headset!Since my phone does n't support Bluetooth , I have to settle for a wired headset but I have to say ... this is the next best thing to wireless as far as headsets go . I 've asked all my friends about the quality of how I sound and they say it 's great
 This headset worked with my nokia 2610 . Sound is fine and people said they could hear me just fine . The ear piece is a little uncomfortable to me and probably not something I 'd want to use hours on end but it works .
 getting older is not fun - particularly with the advent of the cell phone . No matter how high the volume was on my cell phone , with the slightest background noise I could not hear a conversation . I found the Nokia HDB-5 to be just what the Doctor ordered . I can hear everything just fine now . Its a good product for the money .
 Beware of aftermarket and imitation car chargers , as they can cause damage to your phone and possibly damage to your car . There have been cases were phones have caught fire because the phone was using aftermarket batteries and/or aftermarket chargers.I was initially misled by the prices of the really cheap aftermarket chargers . The first one I got was defective , so I got another one which caused interference with my car 's electronics system . The speakers would make weird popping sounds . And even then , sometimes the phone would n't charge . When I replaced it with the genuine Nokia charger that I bought from Amazon.com , everything was perfect . The phone charged properly and the pops from the sound system were gone . Do n't be misled by the prices of aftermarket goods , they can cause damage to your phone and your car.Amazon.com is selling the real deal , a genuine Nokia `` enhancement '' for an absolutely bargain price . Get it now , you will never find a better deal on a genuine Nokia product .
 I bought this charger a while back for my Nokia phone and I 'll agree with the other reviewer - It is good quality and can not be beat for the price . Too bad my Nokia phone is n't built as good as this charger - then I would n't have to shop for a new phone so often .
 it 's cheap.it 's easy to usebut I chose wrong type , so it does n't match my phone.i ca n't use it right now.but it looks good .
 These simple earbuds are identical to the original buds that came with my phone . Nothing fancy , just simply work .
 These work perfectly and the company satisfied me with their services . I will continue to purchase items like this if the customer services is just like this
 My husband uses these headsets all the time . He would be lost without them .
 Just like the originals I had years ago when I got the phone . Very satisfied and quick delivery . I originally bought three then bought four more . I have a bad habbit of stepping on the earpiece and ruining them . Now , they are so reasonably priced I do n't get upset about ruining them anymore . I just grab the next set . Way better than microwaves up side your head . Worth every penny .
 This little headset works great on my ancient phone . I am happy to be able to find it online at a reasonable price . When this was the current technology , it went for a lot more money . Only issue is that it needs to be replaced once or twice a year because the connection tends to weaken over time .
 This is very good because this is very cheap and works very well . Use it and enjoy it . I likes it very much and I am using this for one year and keeps on working very well .
 This is really a good product . Voice is very clear and also its fit in the ear perfectly . . I would suggest to go for this product if you are looking for this . . CheersBob
 I keep losing my headsets for my dinosaur of a cell phone . This replacement is incredibly affordable and so far I 've had no problems with it working . It would have been nice to be able to order more than one and save on shipping , but there was no discount in the shipping cost from the seller when ordering more than one from the seller -LRB- AccessoryOne -RRB- .
 I like it better than any of the Bluetooth products . It is easy and never needs charging .
 It really is amazing for its price . My phone is old and does not have blue tooth so , this was perfect solution to keep my phone out of the landfill
 Excellent face plate , it was hard to find due to old phone model . It fits perfectly , packaging was good . Thanks .
 Nice case , I bought it mostly so the phone wo n't fly apart when I drop it . The case covers the power button for the phone , but the power button still works fine through the case.I have a charging stand to hold my phone upright while it 's charging . The case has a cutout for the charging socket , but because of the thickness of the leather , the phone does n't connect with the charger . You can still use the travel charger , but to use the desktop charger I 'd need to take the case off .
 I 'm very happy with this charger - it charges my Nokia 3595 very quickly . Absolutely no problems .
 This headset integrates seamlessly - took a whole 30 seconds to set up pairing -LRB- that 's Bluetooth technobabble -RRB- and get it up and running . However , the design may look cool , but unless it 's worn just `` so '' it 's actually painful to wear . There 's no padding on the over-the-ear plastic loop , or on the hard plastic earset . To really hear well , you need to press it up against the ear - and this does not feel good . It causes the ear loop to pull at the ear , and the plastic earset to smash up against your ear . If you 're in a quite environment , it 's great - but if your car windows are open or A/C is on high , you 'll have a hard time hearing.I tried to use it in the gym - forget it . I had to cup my hand over my ear and press the headset against my ear.I like the Jabra 's ergonomics better - it 's really comfortable - but gave up getting it to work after 45 minutes of trying . It would pair , but would NOT communicate . I returned the Jabra and ordered the Nokia . I 'll keep the Nokia - it works flawlessly .
 I previously never used a cell phone case , just always threw it in my purse.1-Not only did it get scratched up -LRB- not really a big deal -RRB- but having the case makes it easier for me to locate the phone when it rings -LRB- when I 'm driving and ca n't actually look for it in my purse but have to feel around for it -RRB- 2 - I have used it when I am outside playing with my son -LRB- Summer weather so far - no coats -RRB- I just hook it on a belt loop3 - I have not used the long purse like strap but can see how that would be beneficial if you are not carrying your purse4 - I also purchased one for daughter to carry her Ipod - it 's A Christmas gift but I think it will be too small
 Amazon dose n't carry a picture of this case on their website but search for nokia ctu-24 in google to see the picture at other websites , I knew what I was getting , hence I am not dissapointed . Why 4 stars you say ? There should have been an opening to charge the 3650 while in this case , there isi n't ... what was nokia thinking ? ... but other than this the case is well made and the inner lining of the case is soft so no scratches on the phone 's LCD . Of course like the other reviewers have said - you ca n't make or receive calls when the phone is in this case . Well the other cases cost 25 + shipping and this one 's 12.99 ... so it 's a compromise . .
 This is really a great case . It seems to be high quality leather . The stitching is solid and even all the way around . It is a horizontal case with a strong belt hook . I 've worn it for a couple of days now and I hardly notice it is on my belt . My Nokia 3650 phone fits snug inside against the soft , velvety insides , giving the phone a smart , soft , scratch-free compartment . The case closes with a good velcro flap . The Nokia silver and black label adorns the front flap.A previous reviewer did n't like the case due to the fact that you have to take the phone out of the case to use it . This is true , however , if you wear pants a lot , you can quickly open and remove the phone from the case . This case is $ 25 at the Nokia Web site -LRB- as of 10/2003 -RRB- , so the price -LRB- 12.99 -RRB- here is great ! I highly recommend this case !
 This transaction was great the battery arrived in a quick manner and works perfectly . Only thing I am not able to understand is why it 's a little bit tricky to get the battery to snap into place when putting it into my phone ? The origianl BL-4C that came with the phone fits in great but this new one with the extra Nokia Hologram requires slight force to get it to snap into the battery compartment .
 Before buying , I had read the reviews and was concerned about the battery 's quality and ability to hold a charge . The shipped battery had just one bar showing . I plugged it in to charge overnight , but the next day , saw it was still at one bar . I was about to return it and contacted the company for RMA , which they sent immediately.Before I got around to mailing it back , I tried recharging the battery in a different outlet , and it charged fine . User error
 For those of us who have n't moved on to smart phones , who do n't want to pay extra every month so anyone with too much time on their hands can email us while we 're driving down the highway and we 'll instantly know it and feel compelled to respond -LRB- `` Sent from my ... '' , aaaarrgghh -RRB- ; for those of us who still like the relative simplicity of our ancient Nokia flipper , replacement batteries are getting harder and harder to find . My five year old Nokia was dying on a full charge , found this replacement at Amazon , arrived two days after ordered , overnight charge , and my phone is working like new again . I gave this battery 5 stars , but if there were extra stars available I would give Amazon and HollyCellular a few extra stars for looking after us -LRB- relative -RRB- old goats who prefer to keep our lives sane and simple .
 I have no problem with the battery and the power charge last just like my original battery . More than 3 days standby . Thanks for this great product .
 I went to get a battery at a local phone store and it was 40.00 so I was about to get a new phone until I saws the price on amazon the service was great received it promtly almost a 36.00 difference
 Yeah , we all know how expensive replacing batteries are . Gads !! However we got this Nokia replacement and it was very resonably priced and works just as well as all those other higher priced batteries . Good value for your money .
 I found this item a OEM battery for a very competitive price , ordered it and received it very quickly . I shop a lot on Amazon and have always felt they carry the best products with the fastest delivery and the most accommodating policies and customer service .
 The service was good and the product was in good condition , recived it in promised time .
 Great service , the battery arrived promptly and in great condition . An easy and effective replacement for your old phones !
 I had this battery 2 days after ordering it instead of the 7 . Great turn around time I will use this company again . It was less than $ 3.00 and I got a quote from the dealer of $ 45.00 . I needed 2 so I saved $ 84.00 WOW !
 If I 'd bought this battery where I bought the cell phone , it would 've cost much , much more . I did n't need a new phone - just a new battery - so instead of adding another used cell phone to the trash heap , I 've recycled a used battery and kept the phone I really like ! The phone now works like new !
 My phone would n't hold a charge , and I was about to buy another one , after only a couple of years . This help me extend the life of the phone without going into a new contract for a phone I really did n't want to buy .
 Quick dilivery , had a few issues at first , but now the battery works great and lasts a long time . thanks
 Good Price and works great . I do n't think I could have found it any cheaper on line . Order it and got in just four or five days .
 Lucky for me my local AT&T would have had to order it and so I shopped on line and found this GREAT deal
 this is the second time that i have ordered this battery for my ancient nokia phone . i was thrilled to find it and also that i could purchase 3 for less then half the price of the one i purchased previously . i love my phone and want to keep using it for another 10 years . now i have all the batteries i need . . when i recieved these . . -LCB- long transit time -RCB- the charge was not even showing and i was in fear that it would not charge . but after 3 or 4 min . a tiny beep and then it charged . -LCB- all 3 of them -RCB- it took only about 4 to 5 hours for a full charge , but i left in the other 2 over night . i am using one now in my phone to test the hold of charge . so far , its working great . . been several days of constantly being on and so far its great .
 Purchased this for my husbands cell phone which he used overseas . This was a great priceand hes had this now for a while without any problems .
 PRICE WAS RIGHT.CORRECT ITEM ARRIVED IN GOOD ORDER & WORKS FINE.I HAVE AN ANTIQUE NOKIA CELLPHONE & WAS GLAD TO BE ABLE TO STILL FIND BATTERIES FOR IT .
 Nice deal ! Batteries the same one that I purchased four years ago and is a good deal . take advantages of this deal
 Received the battery within standard delivery time period . Product was in top shape , well packaged and had no problem with installation . My old Nokia phone is like new . so happy I could find this .
 I had lots of trouble finding this battery at the local retail stores . So glad I was able to find it through Amazon.com ! I needed it for a camera I purchased a few years back but did not want to purchase a new one since it still works great !
 This battery I installed in my cell phone and is giving me about 3 days of use before having to recharge . Received the battery in three days .
 Works great . I bought it for a recent trip overseas . The battery held a charge for three days just having the phone on and not making any calls .
 It came 4 week after my order . Works good . It fitted my phone without any issue . Keep up the good work
 In my case , the battery is working out great . It holds a charge , and is a fine replacement for the old battery . Glad I did n't spend several times as much to get a battery from other sources .
 Item arrived on time and in great shape ... placed into phone and very pleased with results . Have had no problems with item to date . Would order again from Amazon .
 The people were wonderful to work with . They were extremely fast and polite and the product works great . Thanks .
 It took a long time for Amazon to deliver it but worth the wait . Much better design than all other cases I have used -LRB- for various phones -RRB- . And the price is just too good . If you have an A500 , get this case .
 I purchased the S710 a few weeks ago and I have been very happy with it so far . I had previously been using a Sony Ericsson W810i which was a great phone for personal use and as an MP3 player , but I needed a smartphone for work . I did n't want something as large as a Blackberry and wanted to avoid a touchscreen and stylus . The S710 was the perfect compromise.I 've never used a smartphone or Windows Mobile before so I ca n't say if WM6 is any improvement . I was surprised to find while editing my contacts that there is no copy and paste function . I was able to find an add on application but it seems a rather strange thing not to include in a smartphone . The S710 comes with HTC 's homescreen and green color scheme which is a color that most closely resembles vomit . This can be removed using a debranding app . On such a beautiful looking device it 's a shame that HTC chose such a nauseating interface.And this is a beautiful phone . The all chrome face is a bit much for my taste , but is n't as prone to fingerprints as I expected and it contrasts nicely with the matte keys and the flat black . The sides and back are rubberized plastic which feels soft but durable in your hand . The QVGA screen is clear and bright even in sunlight.The phone feels solid and rugged and is surprisingly heavy for it 's size . But considering all that 's packed into so small a space and the long battery life it 's an extra weight I can handle . The slide out keyboard does n't lock when closed and has a slight wiggle . It has n't opened accidentally but it 's a strange contrast to an otherwise sturdy phone . The keys on the keyboard are small but nicely spaced and give good tactile response . But if you have large primate hands , this is not the phone for you.The earpiece is loud , which is great for talking on NYC streets , but has noticeable distortion . It bothered me at first since my old Sony Ericsson was so clear but I have gotten used to it now . The vibrate mode is rather weak , and I do n't always feel it vibrate especially when I am walking.The lack of 3G does n't bother me since I mainly use the data connection for email which EDGE is fine for . The smaller sized screen is n't that great for viewing web pages anyway . WiFi works well and connects to my home access point faster than my laptop . AT&T ; made a surprising effort at helping me get it set up for data but ultimately I had to find the configuration posted in a forum and enter it manually.PROS : Keypad , QWERTY keyboard , smartphone in a small package ; I have n't found any other phone like it.CONS : Keyboard wiggleSound distortion
 I have had this phone for about 1-1/2 months thus far , and I am extremely pleased with everything it has to offer . I purchased this phone because I do a lot of travelling in my life , and have no office . Even though I have a laptop with me at all times , it is much more convenient to be able to deal with small matters via the phone . I wanted a device that makes clear calls , can roam anywhere in the world if necessary , allows me to Skype -LRB- so I do n't have to pay any ginormas roaming charges -RRB- , gives me ultimate connectivity for e-mails and internet , is easy and comfortable enough to use to send e-mails -LRB- QWERTY keyboard was a must -RRB- , and could manage Office documents . I achieved what I wanted.I 'll gloss over the obvious specs , and speak more about the details only discoverable while using.Calls
 excelent phone , i 've had ppc-6700 and a treo 650 . what i like more about the htc is the size , is quite small almost to the size of a motorola a-1200 , very practical and fast.the downside is the lack of touchscreen
 Really superb operation - especially under Wi-Fi environment
 I 've had this phone for over a year and I love it ! It 's not without its faults , but overall you ca n't beat it . Here are some of the things I 'm not crazy about : > No 2.5 mm headphone jack , just the USB > Sometimes a little slow/glitchy , but not bad . > Only one , not very smart , alarm clock . This one is probably a small issue for most people , but I use my phone as an alarm clock a lot and it basically treats it like an appointment , so snooze options are really funky and I ca n't choose the tone . There 's probably a program or something I could install , but it would have been nice to not have to mess with . > The keyboard buttons are small , but I can navigate and type still with only a few errors . -LRB- I 'm a guy with slender fingers , so someone with thicker fingers would probably have more of an issue . -RRB- Otherwise , this is a great phone , but only for the casual user . I do n't think business users would have tolerance for some of the features it lacks and for the money , you could get something more suited to your needs . But someone wanting a phone that 's nicer than just a run-of-mill freebie from your provider , but not a full on , business intensive PDA/phone , then this is for you.Call quality in any mode -LRB- handset , speaker , headset -RRB- is perfect , features are really good -LRB- Word , Excel , Adobe reader , etc. -RRB- , Windows Media Player , etc.Basically , I 'm only shopping again because the kids got mine wet and it shorted out . It still works , but the battery life , which was amazing before -LRB- 2-3 days of moderate use without charging -RRB- , is n't what it used to be . I 'll be trying to either fix my phone or replace it , but not changing models unless I really have too .
 I have had at least 10 different types of Smartphones . I have been using this phone for about 6 months and it is without question the best . The only negative -- if you use the screen a lot , the battery life is not as strong as I would like . Every phone I have tried has this same problem .
 I get this phone few days a ago . excellent phone , excellent performance , and the mobile 6 its rock . . match better then the mobile 5 -LRB- Microsoft learn something about OS for a Phone , its time that they make a real OS for a phone and not try to emitted the windows CE -RRB- I was HTC user before with Imate K-Jam and I was havening problem with the phone when I was trying to get a call or answer call as the OS was busy and slowing the phone , most of the time I was losing the call before I get to answer.In this version S710 it look like HTC separate the resource and like that if the OS is Busy you still get excellent performance by the phone.The keyboard is cool and open very nice , the screen change immediately to wide screen -LRB- match faster then the Imate K-jam -RRB- . Till now that is the best phone I was ever use ... I recommended if you need a small and powerful tools on the road .
 THE S710 IS A FAIRLY GOOD PHONE.MY MAIN PROBLEM WITH THE PHONE IS THAT THE PROCESSOR IS SO DAM SLOW.WHEN U OPEN THE PHONE IT TAKES 3 SECONDS FOR THE SCREEN TO GO FROM VERTICAL TO HORIZONTAL . THE PHONE HAS SOME MINOR GLITCHES EVERY NOW -LRB- I DONT KNOW A SMART PHONE THAT DOSENT -RRB- AND THEN BUT NOTHING BIG.I DONT LIKE THE WAY THE PAGES ARE DISPLAYED WHEN USING WIFI BUT IT DOES WORK.THE BATTERY LAST LONG AND CHARGES QUICKLY.THE SIGNAL IS ALLWAYS GREAT THE HOME SCREEN IS ADJUSTABLE BUT TO A POINT.I DONT KNOW IF HTC HAS DOWNLOADABLE THEMES AT THEIR WEBSITE.THE WORD PROGRAMS WORK WELL BUT THERE WAS ONE INSTANCE WHERE I TRANSFERED A DOCUMENT -LRB- PAY SPREAD SHEET -RRB- FROM A JAZJAM TO MY PHONE.IT WORKED BUT PART OF IT WAS MISING . AS FOR THE PLAYERS I DONT KNOW IF IT PLAYES MP4 'S BUT EVERY FILE I PUT ON THERE PLAYS FINE THE EAR BUDS SUCK BUT YOU CAN BUY AN ADAPTER THAT HAS AN STANDARD PORT.THE MEDIA PLAYER WORKS GREAT AND IN FULL SCREEN.THE COOLEST FEATURE IT HAS IS THE ABLITY TO MAKE YOUR OWN RING TONES.YOU CAN TAKE A MUSIC FILE AND TRIM IT FOR WICH PORTION OF THE SONG YOU WANT.THE CAMERA HAS A LOT OF FEATURES BUT IT 'S STILL A 2 MP CAMERA.THE SOUND IS GREAT THE EAR SPEAKER AND REAR SPEAKER ARE LOUD AND CLEAR.I DONT HAVE A BLUE TOOTH SO I CANT COMMENT ON THAT.ITS ALSO GREAT THAT YOU CAN BE ON A CALL AND NAVIGATE THE OTHER FEATURES OF THE PHONE LIKE CHECK YOUR TEXT MESSAGES WRITE A DOCUMENT ECT . IF YOU DONT LIKE STABING YOUR PHONE WITH A STICK LIKE I DO THIS IS A GOOD BUY
 If you own a hp 6300 series PDA , it will be the best accesory you can ever buy .
 This cable is compatible with the original T-Mobile PocketPC 2002/2003 , O2 XDA , XDA II , MDA , and Siemens SX56 . Essentially it 's for the same PDA phone made by HTC in Taiwan . Since this cable is serial , it can be used for debugging and unlocking . www.unlockcellphone.com
 i got this headset with ther ppc 6600i love it ! nice and loud for music , mic is sensitive yet discrete enough for conversations in crowded places . if it will work with your phone , get it !
 I am happy with this . It is definately not the color it looks like in the picture . It is more of a nubuck , brown leather . A more standard leather color . I do n't know what that one guy is complaining about with the magnets -LRB- the review may have been for the black one , I bought both -RRB- . They are quite strong . No manner of violent shaking will release the phone -LRB- I tried very hard ! -RRB- . I would feel comfortable taking it on my motorcycle . It is also BIGGER than it looks in the picture . This added biggness is n't just waste though . It is thicker in everywhere the phone is likely to get whomped . Seeing it in person , I would have payed 15-20 bucks for it . It beats any of the stuff motorola makes for the razr . Stylish too .
 I love it great product A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 This pouch fits my RAZR perfectly . I have used it for months and it has held up with no problems . I wair it daily on my work cloths and have no problems . Highely reccomend .
 It 's nice , small , and easy to use.after many use , I started to see a crack in the leather on the top and where is the pelt clip .
 I 've been using this case for about two months now . The materials could be a bit better but I 've had no significant problems . I very much like the slim profile and for the price , I 'd rather have a couple of these than a more expensive type of case . A problem I had with other cases was how far off the belt they hung which this solves nicely by really hugging your belt . The tan is definitely darker than shown . Decent case for the money in my opinion . Pro is it 's slim profile and firm belt clip . Con is that the materials could be better .
 My N400 phone must be a newer revised edition over the early ones , because I have nothing but great things to say about it . On the PCS network , the standard battery is OK for normal talking , but if you use analog roaming , or talk several hours a day without a charger plugged in , then this is the battery for you . It is about twice as thick and weighs twice as much as the feather weight stock battery . Even then , the phone weighs only slightly more than the old N200 with a stock battery . It also gives you a better grip , and provides you with plenty of yak time.If you like to surf , or just like to talk , this is a worthwhile expense .
 I prefer to travel as light as possible with as few wires as possible . This is a wonderful design for a cell phone charger . I have used this with Ericsson T39 , T600 , R520 , and several other phones with compatible connector . Although the conector is US/China style , you can add a mini plug changer for use in other places like Europe , UK/Hong Kong , etc. . It supports standard voltage worldwide .
 This item was shipped in a timely manner and arrived in excellent condition . It was found this item far exceed the original headset . The tone quality is outstanding but sorry to say , the overall volume level is a bit low . Oh and BTW , a small box of Kellogg 's Smart Start cereal was included within the shipping package . I do highly recommend this item .
 From Tina , not Mark -LRB- hey y' all , this review is for a totally chick item ! My husband wears cammo when he hunts , not printed on a cute little `` accessory case '' to hang his phone around his neck ! -RRB- : This case is a welcome addition to my darling wardrobe of about five Kangaroo `` fashion statement '' cell phone cases in which I can carry my little Motorola flip phone , even when I do n't have my purse , or a handy pocket.I 've received LOTS of compliments on this cool cammo one -LRB- I live in rural Arizona , which is crawling with cammo-garbed hunters - turkey , deer , elk , rattlesnake ... yum ! - and this fits right in with everyone 's hunting garb . It even matches the cool cammo-trimmed nylon shirt my darling Mark bought me at Wal-Mart in the hunting section ! -RRB- If you have a smart phone , it probably wo n't fit . However , I do n't have a `` smart phone '' because I do n't want one . I do n't text , because
 the charger is working fine , no problems so far.the ordering and delivery was exellent . amazon is a good website , fast and accurate
 My cell phone is Sony Ericsson T616 . This charger works perfectly with it . Amazon has an excellent price , too . You ca n't find this charger in retail store anymore .
 I bought one of these from 2 different vendors . Both gave prompt service.It is great to get replacement parts for my old cell phone . This charger was as advertised , just like the original , works great . Came quickly , price is right . I 'm a happy customer .
 I purchased the Sony Ericsson Travel Charger as a second charger for my Pay-As-You-Go phone . I use it as a replacement for my main phone -LRB- with the help of Google Voice -RRB- . I have n't had the need to use the charger yet , but the order and deliver process was a cinch . I 'll certainly update this review if I experience in abnormalities !
 This sony charger is a great replacement one . And for $ 2.00 you ca n't beat that price anywhere .
 The phone charger works great . I am pleased with the item . The only thing that would have made it better is is the electrical plug folded making the item easier to transport during travel .
 By the time I took it home and opened it the kids were asking if they could play with it ! It truly is an amazing device!Give it some time and I bet Japan will be crawling with these things !
 I bought this to replace my one-year-old Samsung SCH-A670 . Here are my opinions on some of the RAZR 's features-VZ Navigator-Great for when you 're driving and you 're lost , and when you do n't have a navigational system in your car , like I do n't . V Cast-Great for when you want to watch short movies or full music videos while on the go and you do n't have access to a computer . The only con is that it only gets covrage in certain areas.Speakerphone-You ca n't always have your wireless telephone up to your ear , and the speakerphone helps with that , a feature my SCH-A670 did n't have!Ultra - Sleek Design-Wanna have the latest ? The RAZR has the thinnest design!Camera / Video RAZR-It has a 1-megapixel digital camera with a 4X digital optical zoom . It can capture flix -LRB- video -RRB- , too ! But , you ca n't send anybody flix who does n't have flix compatibility.Color-The gray color is in style right now , and the RAZR has that color!Overall - Since I bought the RAZR a couple of months ago , it has made me happy , except the battery died on me 2 months after I got it . I 've always heard the battery life was short , and now I agree !
 ... for all you complaining about pictures and music and the like , did you forget that this thing is a cell phone ? So it has a 1.3 MP camera . So it can play ringtones . If you want to listen to music get an MP3 player . If you want to take pictures get a digital camera . All of the complaining I read has nothing to do with the primary purpose of the device . Even the complaints about coverage is related more to your local area , not the phone or Verizon network in general.I bought this phone and Verizon service because we live on the cusp of a rural area . I 've had Sprint , Cingular , and a couple of other carriers , but have n't been able to use their phones in and around our home due to lack of network coverage in our area . I found a website called -LSB- ... -RSB- and found that Verizon owns a tower less than a mile away . So we got Verizon and we get great reception in our house ! And with unlimited nights and weekends , and free calls to other Verizon customers , we never have to worry about overages on our plan.So do your homework and you can be happy with Verizon or any other cell company .
 I just got this phone and there are some things that I love about it as well as some annoyances.I Love the design of the Razr . It easily fits into the pockets of my jeans . I like walking aound and not having a huge lump on my thigh . The keypad takes a little getting used to at first . After I used the phone for a bit , it feels just as natural as using any other phone.I have heard alot of people saying that the signal on the phone is horrible . I have had no problems with any dropped calls or calls breaking in and out even though i get very poor signal where i generally use my phone.The camera is aweful . Not that most phone cameras are very good to begin with but this one just irritates me . You have to hold the phone totally still for about 5 seconds while it takes the pix.Also , if you use a wired headset , you can not use it if you are charging the phone . it only has one input and the charger as well as anything else you 're going to plug into the phone go in there.All in all , i like it . I would reccomend this phone .
 The Razr may have been out awhile but it has alot of under the hood improvements in different versions and is still a great phone . Slim , well made with a great feel . Verizon has the best customer service and signal access of any carrier I have ever had and I have had all of them .
 Ok the first thing i want to say is this phone is cut and very slim of course but there are a few things i want to say that arent good about this phone.It freezes up when I am trying to get on the internetWhen I close the phone it cuts off and Sometimes when you try to download the music to the phone it doesnt connect.Now the good things.I hve to admit I am just a little bit clumsy and I have dropped this phone on the ground many many times before and there is not one mark on it.I have also dropped it in water many times too but it hasnt been actingup at all.I dont absolutely recomend this phone but its kinda cool for a kid .
 This is a great phone its sleel , slim , and good looking and it works great ! So you should buy this phone .
 The RAZR V3m is the best phone out there . I 've had a RAZR V3c , a KRZR , and a LG VX86000 . The RAZR V3m was the best out of the 3 . The 8600 is to fragile , the V3c was alright , the KRZR was slow . The RAZR V3m is a fantastic phone for anybody . You can drop it numerous times and do n't have to worry aobut returning it because its durable . It also has great features such as VCAST , a fantstic camera , and a fantastic music palyer . The only con I can think of is the fact that the Verizon interface is ugly and takes away many features . So , if you want a phone that you can depend on for a long time , get the RAZR V3m .
 I just got two of these gems and it is without question the best quality and featured phone I have used yet . No idea what the other users battery issues were I just played music , used VZ mapping and spoke on the phone for the past 2 hours and I have plenty of juice left ... must have been a bad battery , both of mine last several days on standby and every bit as energy effecient as my Samsung 530 -LRB- without camera , music player , mapping , EVDO , etc. . . -RRB- I put 512meg MicroSD cards in mine and have loaded lots of my favorite music on them , the speakerphone in this is awesome as well . I just added the Motorola Bluetooth headset -LRB- 820 -RRB- and it was a snap to set up . Over all I could not be more happy with my purchase.I sync my contacts and my calendar with Outlook just fine using PhoneTools 4 and MediaPlayer 10 rips and formats all my MP3s perfectly for music so I really dont need much else .
 First off I did not buy this product at -LSB- ... -RSB- I bought it from the -LSB- ... -RSB- . I think this phone is a really , really nice verison of the razr , being that I 've had 2 other razrs -LRB- v3 and v3i -RRB- . This one feels a lot more sturdy in your hand , and it doesnt feel cheap as the v3 did , while maintaining its sleek , slim look , unlike the v3x which is a lot thicker . Furthermore , the camera on this razr is far superior to the previous versions , excluding the v3x -LRB- 2 megapixels -RRB- . It has a 1.3 megapixel camera , but I do n't really use it for the camera , its only good for those surprise moments :P . Also I 've noticed that the audio quality is a lot better than the other razrs , the songs/ringtones sound a lot more crisp and rich . Also the phonebook feature is fixed , I used to hate to have to wait like 30 seconds just to get to what contact I wanted -LRB- v3 -RRB- , Also new to this razr , is the voice command system , you can instantly look up numbers via voice command . You can also check battery levels , and signal strength . And the pause between letters in a text message is reduced , so no more waiting 2 seconds to type `` no '' :-RRB- . Battery life is very much improved from the other razr models probably because this is a CDMA phone instead of the normal GSM razrs . A con however is the fact that if it gets scratched you will be able to easily tell it did , but I believe they offer this phone in silver if this is an issue . If you want to get really fancy you could get a custom case designed and handmade for your phone at vajacases.com.IF YOU BOUGHT THE VERIZON MUSIC ESSENTIALS KIT , OR THE VERIZON MOBILE OFFICE KIT , THE NEXT PARAGRAPH IS POINTLESS FOR YOU TO READ . For the rest of us who do n't see giving Verizon more money on top of the phone price and service charge , read on.As for the hacking part as one person said previously , you can use bitpim to hack this phone . If you want to put music onto it without wasting more money on that Verizon software that allows you to do so , simply find p2k phone manager , MAKE SURE IT IS THE VERSION THAT WORKS WITH CDMA PHONES OR ELSE IT WILL NOT WORK . There are some tutorials that I found useful to help you through this , and when you 're done hacking and stuff , you can have a lot of bonus features that Verizon disabled , such as music/ringtone transfer with MPT -LRB- Motorola Mobile Phone Tools -RRB- , wireless bluetooth transfer , disabling the ringtones that come with it , changing the outer LCD screen . If you choose to do any of these , it will void your warranty , it is not illegal however . If mobile phone tools does n't detect this phone , you may have the same problem I did , I was running an older version of the software . Also to enable music and ringtone transfer you have to use seem edits , which can be done with p2k phone manager . See , Verizon disabled the feature by making MPT think that the phone was a v3m when in fact the software has the device drivers listed as v3mm , also if those steps dont work after reading some tutorials , you may want to select v3c as your phone model . Another thing , the cable that comes with it that you 're supposed to plug you headphones into , is FOR SMALL HEADPHONES , meaning its a 2.5 mm jack instead of a 3.5 , so YOU NEED SPECIAL HEADPHONES TO USE THAT FEATURE . But me being me , found a way around this . I used a knife to pry off the top part with the M logo on it and got to the insides . theres a circuit board and some wires connected to the jack . I used another phone jack from one of my broken CD players I had lying around . They 're exactly the same connections and size -LRB- the smaller jack and the bigger one -RRB- so I put the bigger one on top of the smaller jack and soldered it to the bottom part , if you know what you 're doing this should n't take more than half an hour . After I was finished I used an xacto blade to carefully cut the shape of the new phone jack out -LRB- because with two of them the cover would n't fit , and I wanted the bigger and the smaller jack -RRB- . Then I had to also cut around the little part that holds the smaller hole at the bottom as to make it fit . After this was done I used some electrical tape -LRB- mostly because I wanted the adapter to stay black not gray with duck tape -RRB- and proceeded to wrap around it . Hopefully if you want to save like 50 bucks from buying the Verizon software you will try this , but then you need to buy the memory card and that will set you back like the same price haha , but you 'll have like 512 mb instead of the 128 mb that comes in the Verizon package . Best of luck to all of you , and thank you for taking the time to read this.I hope this information has helped you , and if it did I would appreciate you rating this as helpful .
 Let me first by saying I did n't know that I would n't be able to download songs to my phone or transfer the files from computer to device and device to computer . I bought both the Motorola phone tools , data cable and phone only to find out that I could not do it . I also bought both my husband and I 's phone 's with a mini sd card to expand the memory so that we could use it as an mp3 player as they were originally portrayed on tv commercials.I switched to Verizon because a friend of mine said they had great signal and phones . Phones yes , signal , it 's so so . I do love the phone though , it 's slim -LRB- fits in my pocket -RRB- , has a camera , plays songs and I like the features . I also was upset that Verizon blocks you from being able to transfer your own files , so I finally seem edited -LRB- which is hacked -RRB- the phone . It 's actually pretty easy , and now we are able to transfer files between phone and pc , and we can see the main screen from the outside of the lcd.The speakerphone is a little low if you ask me , I wish it were louder and the menu 's on the phone are a little different then most . I wish these were easier to use and you were able to edit more of the phone . Motorola made a great phone , but Verizon kind of ruined it.The camera takes okay pictures , but they seem kind of blued as there is n't a flash if it 's in low light . Good if it 's outside , but not bad for a 1.3 megapixal . The camera is neat I think because I can take a few movies of the girls -LRB- I have two kids -RRB- and then transfer them to my computer for safe keeping . If you have the minisd card it 's 5 minutes for a video ... if not it 's only 15 seconds -LRB- which is REALLY low -RRB- . We also purchased the stereo headset where you can listen to music and answer the phone while doing it , it 's something I recommend if you want to listen to music on your phone . It 's not a bad player , but you ca n't do MP3 's with verizon , they need to be converted to WMA files first and then transferred to be able to play them on the phone , which they are much bigger then MP3 's . Overall , for the phone I give it five stars , but because it 's with Verizon I only give it four .
 We live in an area that has spotty reception and this phone has great reception . With our LG phones we would not even get any bars in our driveway . With this phone we have at least 2 bars everywhere in our house . We are n't playing music on it . We are n't taking videos . We just want to make and receive calls . And this phone works . It looks cool . What more does the average person want ? You want to play music and surf the net , get an iPhone already .
 I 've had this phone for just over a year now , and it 's been great ! I 'm waiting for UPS to deliver my next phone , RIZR Z3 ... RAZR v3m has served me well , and has even proven to be fairly sturdy even after a couple of drops in a parking lot , which I thought for sure was going to kill the phone after hearing about how fragile it is . Good thing I had insurance , but I have n't needed it . It has kept me from having to call Verizon support , which I was doing fairly regularly with my old phone Moto E815 . I give RAZR v3m big kudos for that!As a phone , it 's been superb ! Good to decent coverage , good sound , no drops , no resets , etc. . Best cell phone I ever had!Text messaging is as good as it can get with cell phone number pads . I also own an iPAQ , even had one with a tiny keyboard , and they are not any better so I chuckle all these cell phones with tiny little keyboards . Pair a Bluetooth keyboard with my iPAQ , now you 're talkin!As an mp3 player , it will work in a pinch . All you iPod/iPhone nozis -LRB- replace o with an a , you know who you are ! -RRB- , please stick to your apple products and just leave the rest of us alone . I 've own an iPod just long enough to know how much I hate iTunes , and now I own a Creative Zen which I like a lot , and no , RAZR v3m is n't as good as the Zen as an MP3 player , but so what ? If I 'm expecting to listen to music for a while , I grab my Zen and use my RAZR as a backup.As a camera , again , it will work in a pinch.I do n't browse the web with this phone . I 'm waiting for that day when someone comes out with a usable/affordable PocketPC based tablet ala Star Trek . Do n't even talk to me about UMPC 's yet ... We 'll see how well my iPAQ does with RIZR as Bluetooth modem.My rating is 4 only due to1 -RRB- copying files to and from the the MicroSD is cumbersome2 -RRB- Motorola Phone Tools3 -RRB- RAZR uses some proprietary mini usb voltage so I ca n't charge the phone using one my many other mini usb chargers4 -RRB- Verizon crippled some of the Bluetooth feature of this phone - Not the RAZR 's fault.But if these do n't bother you , then consider this as a 5 rating .
 I bought the $ 15.00 1GB microSD card and installed it the first day.Plugged the USB I had for my camera into the phone after formatting the card and downloaded a bunch of songs onto the micro by just drag and drop with windows . Dropped them into the Motorola/shared/audio folder.The phone recognized them right away . I moved some to the phone after it was unplugged and then realized the entire song could be used as ring tones . So I deleted the ones on my phone downloaded MP3 converter and cut into my favorite 20 songs -LRB- being careful not to overwrite any . -RRB- I saved them into the same folder on the phone with RT in front and moved them from the card to the phone after it was unplugged from the computer . That worked great for ringtones.When I want to download a picture from the phone I just make a copy from the phone to the card then plug the phone into the computer to take it out of the motorola/shared/pictures folder.No need for phone tools ...
 While it 's true that Verizon cripples the Bluetooth functionality in this phone -LRB- in fact they do this in several phones -RRB- you can work around this pretty easily by using a robust phone mngmt . package like BitPim -LRB- bitpim.org -RRB- and transferring files via the USB port . I 've had excellent battery life with my Verizon RAZR , unlike other reviewers of this phone.Verizon 's crippling of the Bluetooth interface is maddening , as is the fact that the Motorola Phone Tools software wo n't allow image/sound file transfer via the USB port . Again , the solution is use BitPim . Obviously Verizon is trying to squeeze as much money as possible out of their subscribers by forcing them to pay for everything they can , but if you work around that , Verizon does have an excellent network - my call quality is very very good .
 I bought this phone in Aug 04 and have generally been very happy with it.The battery life is not as long as my wife 's phone , but I have talked up to 4 hours in a day without any problem . I generally recharge it after 2-3 days and average about an hour of talk time each day . Even down at one bar , it works fine.The size is great ! I really wanted a phone that I could drop into my pocket and not need a bulky case in order to protect it . The V3m fills the bill perfectly . I also really enjoy that there is no external antennae . The mp3 player works fairly well , but it does not have all the features of a dedicated MP3 . It will let you put together playlists and play songs , which is enough for me.The most important thing with a cell phone -LRB- to me -RRB- is call quality . This is where I have been the happiest . I have used it in the St Louis area , small town SW Oklahoma , Fort Worth , along I-40 to California , and now live about halfway between San Francisco and Sacremento . Call quality is crystal clear with no static!Overall I am very happy with the phone .
 ok ... so many people have complained about the verizon ui . . yes . . it sucks . . however its there and if this really bothers you that much to deal with it then go elsewhere . . and for those who arent going to buy this phone because of it ... then dont get this phone ... i will agree that i hate the ui . . however i can live with it ... now for everyone else I shall list the pros and cons of this phone as ive seen it so far ... Pros :1 . Reception and call quality-by far and away better then my previous phone which was the samsung a950 ... i live in an area with bouncing reception ... usually ill get anywhere from 1-3 bars and its constantly going back and forth between them . . usually at even 0 ... especially in my room . . no diffrence in call quality ... very good reception ... voice quality and sound even at 0 bars ... i feel like im talking on my normal home phone and not a cell2 . Size-a huge reason why i got this phone ... seriously i can sometimes not tell my phones in my pocket and have to reach for it to make sure its there ... which probably leads to some odd looks from others . . lol3.expandable memory up to a gig-ive got over 13 albums of songs on here not to mention tons of pics and videos ... id recommend picking up this card because youll fill up this phones internal memory fast ... ive heard rumors about a 2 gig micro sd card working ... nothings confirmed yet . . motorola and verizon typically say up to a gig of space ... 4 . vcast music - this is part of the cons to ... however the vcast music player is exceptional on here ... it gives you so many options as to how you want your music organized . . very handy : -RRB- 5.battery-can last a suprising amount of time despite is tiny battery size . . expect to charge it daily though ... gets good use overall :-RRB- . Cons .1 . Lack of Customization-It has the standard Verizon UI as mentioned above ... also only one key on the phone is customizable ... the down arrow ... frustrating that you cant ... i dont know ... set them all to what you want them to do . Also outside lcd not changeable from ugly orange . that is unless your tech savvy and know about seem edits ... but this requires hacking ... hacking to change the outer display ! 2 . no mp3 playback-yes ... and there appears to be no fix for that in the near future ... it basically requires you to spend another 30 bucks on the music essentials kit from verizon to convert all your songs to wma files ... which isnt bad ... however its a slight diffrence in sound quality . . not to mention an annoying slight glitch youll hear in every song no matter what . Verizons rectified this problem with other past phones released with this conversion needed and has readded mp3 playback in recent releases ... the v3m will most likely never see that fix ... Sidenote : appearently this is a razr thing ... not sure about the lg 's or samsungs . . but appearently verizon didnt totally erase evidence of the motorola ui on here as its more of a hybrid of the motorola ui overwritten by verizon ... a nice touch really :-RRB- . So theres my review of the razr v3m for verizon . I place call quality , reception and the size of this phone over customization and other complaints I have about this and well all verizon phones now . The tf slot and vcast music capability have really come in handy for me and its a highly used part of my phone . Do n't let the cons get you down ... you get used to it and I can only hope that verizons network coverage and quality make you as impressed as it has me :-RRB- . This phone is definitly recommended for your purchase!Also of note I own the gunmetal grey v3m initially sold by verizon and not silver but theres no diffrenct between the two really :-RRB- .
 I really enjoy my new phone , switching cell # from Cingular to Verizon was simple , and the voice activation is a great feature . My main disappointment is the lack of battery life it has ... 3 hours is not a long time . My old Cingular phone allowed days of talk time before having to recharge . What good is a phone and plan if you ca n't use it longer than 3hrs of talk time and always worried you are going to lose connection . Other than that , the phone and features are great .
 Well ... I 'm not one of those `` high tech '' guys that needs all the mp3 functions and/or the ability to upload music/picures to my phone . I love a phone that looks cool , has good sound , great basic features and the large screen does n't hurt either . This phone has it all and I 'm really happy with it.I just changed services from Sprint to Verizon and I could n't be happier . The service I get when I am on the road is great . After a month and living in Houston , I have n't had any failures to connect or dropped calls . So far so good.The things I like about this phone ... Regardless of what some have said about the `` lack '' of ringers included , I actually really like the few this has . There are some good fun ones and a couple generic -LRB- annoying -RRB- rings.This phone has an `` alarm '' setting , which my old Sprint phone did not have . Most phones have alarm settings now a days , but my old phone was n't one of them . I 've only used it once and it worked well for me.I LOVE the design . I 'm a big guy with big hands and I love the fact that it feels as light and thin as a credit card . It has been said to be too `` wide '' for some people , but for my big hands it fits perfectly . All my other phones always felt just a little too small ... like I was barely holding it with my fingertips . When I was trying out phones in the Verizon store , this one just seemed to feel the most comfortable to me.I love the screen . The menus are simple and easy to navigate through.NO ANTENNA !!! finally ! I never understood why they did n't get rid of them sooner . My older phones had extendable antennas and they never helped . In fact , some of the time it made it worse if I extended it . Maybe it 's the technology , but I love the fact there is n't a huge `` bump '' sticking out of my phone now.I enjoy the fact that as I sit here writing this review , my phone is plugged into my computer and charging with the same cable that I use for my digital camera . That 's quite convenient and I do n't even have to find an extra outlet at home to plug it into.The `` voice dialing '' is amazing . You do n't even have to record any voice stuff -LRB- like I have on other phones -RRB- . You just open the phone and click the button on the right side of the flip top . just say `` call joe blow '' and it 'll ask to confirm , say `` yes '' and it dials . Super easy!The speaker phone is great . Very loud and the mic pics up from a few feet away , easily . I was using it just this morning while I was typing an e-mail and talking to a freind with the phone sitting on my desk next to me . I kept asking `` can you hear me '' and they 'd say , `` yeah , loud and clear '' . That makes me happy.I like that I can adjust the volume to turn it to `` silent '' without flipping the lid open.Lastly , I know I already said this , but the phone just looks super slick and cool . I love how it just slips into my pockets and does n't feel like I 'm carrying a huge boulder around in my shorts . It 's light and easy to stash away.If I had to list off everything I do n't like about this phone , I would not succeed in making it very long . There really is n't anything about this phone that I can say is `` bad '' . If I were to be really picky , I 'd say that it 's probably very fragile . I 'm not `` on the go '' with it that often and I 'm usually stationary and/or indoors when I talk on it . I would assume that if dropped it could be damaged failry easily . I thought of this when I was considering buying it , so that 's why I pay the extra $ 5/mo for the full equip . protection insurance on this baby . Ca n't be too careful . : -RRB- Also , the transfer of pictures you take from the phone to your computer ??? I do n't think this can be done . Some people have made points about how you ca n't upload/download from phone to computer , or vice versa ... have to sign up for V-cast . That 's a bummer , but I blocked it anyway ... I ca n't aford the extra $ 16 , or whatever it is , per month for that service . It 's not worth it for me , personally.Lastly , of the negative pickiness I have for this phone , I do wish I could get rid of that stupid `` Verizon Wireless '' message that shows on the outside LCD and put something of my own there . That 's me being REALLY picky here , but I have always been able to personalize the outter LCD on the other phones that I owned that had that.I hope my review was helpful to some . All I can really say to sum it up is that this phone was the hottest thing out there a little while ago and it 's STILL a hot item . I have seen more people getting this phone now that prices dropped to make room for the new Chocolate and SLVR phones . I really liked the SLVR and almost got it instead , but I preferred a flip-phone over the non-flip . It 's just a personal preference.I 'm kind of a `` low maintinence '' guy with a fairly high maintinence phone , and I could n't be happier with the RAZR !
 Purchased 2nd Razor and went to COMLINK in Burlington MA to get the NEW CLEAR CASE ! Its a hard plastic and protects the metallic case very well . If you play games and have high use , you may want to use clear packing tape to protect the toggle keys . It is clear and does n't show . The reception and bluetooth feature work well in the BMW and not having wires in the car is great ! Speaker feature is fabulous , reception is GREAT , graphics and ring tones are easy to find . The VZ Navigator is amazing and the GPS phone feature is helpful . You can download movies , MP3 's , its great ! I have purchased , Samsung , LG , Motorola , to name a few and always find Motorola to be the best quality.My monthly plan is 1200 minutes a month and therefore the flip phone is the best way for my specific needs . I see the new Chocolate Phone and I know I would wear out the mechanism that slides back and forth.Fabulous deal now for $ 19.99 a month with a 2 year signing .
 it did n't hang and needed to be turned off and on occasionally , then i 'll give this a 5 stars
 I saw this phone and I said let me buy it and see how it works.I always buy a new cell phone every 6 month and it does n't matter what the price is but since I have this one I really like the whole phone . I have the color magenta and everyone keep saying it looks cool and it does . All the features for me are great even the speakerphone . I would recommend this phone because it save space in your purse and everything works well .
 Motorola RAZR V3 , is not only one of the most popular cellular phones in the united state , but it can be considered without hesitation to be also a well known T.V. and movie star.First , Motorola RAZR V3 has very beautiful slim shape like most movie stars . Second , it has many stunning colorful dresses like silver , blue , black , pink and maroon . Third , and for most , Motorola RAZR V3 has been seen in numerous movies , television and reality shows.On the television game show Cash Cab , RAZR V3 was used by the contestants who seek assistance by phone . In the adventure reality show `` Treasure Hunters '' , the contestants were given RAZR V3s for communication with the host and each other.The RAZR was also used by Detective Danny Messer during Season 2 of CSI
 Can you transfer your existing wireless phone number to this new service ? I did not see a way to do this , and I have had my number too long to give it up.Thanks .
 I 've had this phone for around 2 weeks now , and I love it.Calls are very clear -LRB- except when connected to someone using Nextel 's service , which seems to be almost everyone in my town -RRB- , and are never dropped , except when engulfed by trees.The speaker quality is excellent . I have a 2Gb MicroSD card with music on it , and it sounds wonderful.As for battery life , I got the extended battery , and I have n't had a chance to really keep track of battery life . But it 's very good .
 I have had this phone for a little over a year and have to say I think it 's still the best phone currently offered by Verizon . It 's rugged enough to deal with life 's daily hazards and also light enough to carry in your pocket.The reception and voice clarity are second to none with voices coming in crystal clear just about everywhere . If you have the Razr with Verizon do what I did and go to the store to get it flashed to update it 's UI . It operates much better with a better sounding music player and the whole phone operates much quicker . It also allows more customization like changing screen brightness and the wallpaper on the outside screen.I do n't know what people are saying about poor battery life because I can get about three hours fifty minutes talk time on a single charge . With normal use I get about two to three days use before a recharge is needed.Sure , the Razr has been out for a while but it 's still one of the best phones out there . I do n't hesitate to recommend the Razr V3M and with the new update it makes the phone all that much better .
 I recieved this phone for free with the $ 200 credit once I completed my 1st contract with Verizon . I really like this phone , its hard not too . I like the brushed aluminum look and its a very well designed phone . The keypad is extremely nice and is SUPERIOR to other phones I 've owned when trying to dial in the dark . The screens are both nice and bright and very clear . I 've never had any connection problems with this phone , and callers voices sound very clear . The speakerphone works very nicely ... loud if I need it to be and clear . VCAST is nice for downloading music and ringtones and games . Some of the stuff is a little expensive , so I rarely use it . I really hate the fact that this phone from Verizon is altered by Verizon so that you can not put your own ringtones , pics , etc on the phone ... but that is not something I can blame on Motorola . The battery does not last as long as other phones I 've owned in the past , but it does get me through the day . I can use the USB cord that came with my MP3 player to charge the phone from my MacBook Pro ... I find that HIGHLY convenient . All in all I really like this phone . Its nice to carry , look at and hold . Its also easy to use , despite its futuristic design and new technology .
 Really great phone . If you 're a regular cell user , plan on charging at least once a day . I wish they had more color options but I fixed that with a nice silicon skin . Verizon nerfed some of the original features built into the orginal Motorola phone but if you do a google search you just might be able to fix that . : -RRB-
 -- Pros and Cons : P
 I do n't really care about the multimedia features -- when I want music , I use my Ipod shuffle and when I want pictures , I use a digital camera -- so I 'll focus on the device as a phone rather than a music/video player or camera.Pros -- The looks and size , of course . I do n't like carrying a wireless on a belt clip so love to slip this baby in my shirt pocket -- Nice , easy-to-read screen . I would n't want to watch TV on it , but that is n't why I buy a wireless phone . -- VZ Navigator . This was what inspired me to switch from Cingular . It is a fantastic feature . I 've tested it about ten times and it has been spot on , with accurate on-screen prompts , voice instructions , and estimated time of arrival . It turns me right into the driveway I need . If you miss a turn , it recalculates new instructions in a matter of seconds . The only down side is that it works from the quickest route and has no way for you to override that . For instance , I went to friend 's house and it had me get on a toll road for a few miles . This WAS the shortest route , but not one I would normally have taken . -- Voice recognition system works great . It does n't have to be `` taught '' and can access all items in the contact list , prepare a blank text message , or dial a dictated number -- Clearest calls I 've had in a wireless phone . You sometimes hear `` the people I 'm talking to ca n't tell I 'm on a wireless . '' That 's been my experience with this handset.Cons -- Strength of reception not quite as good as a handset with an external antenna , even a stubby one . -- I wish they had n't taken away the vibrate + ring option . The Razr has to be either on vibrate with no sound or ring . I also wish there was some sort of external LED to indicate when I missed a call or have voice mail . As is , you have to open the Razr to check this . An NEC handset I had a few years ago had very nice system with different color LEDs . -- Verizon 's proprietary menu system is more difficult to use than the organic Motorola one and takes away some customization options such as setting hot keys . I also have n't found a way to turn off unnecessary prompts -LRB- `` Do you really want to delete this missed call ? '' -RRB- . There is also no way -LRB- at least that I have found -RRB- to change the red band at the top and bottom of the screen . It only looks decent with some sort of red wallpaper . -- Verizon has the phone locked down so it 's difficult or impossible to add pictures and ringtones without paying them . -- It 's plastic -LRB- the Amazon review is just plain wrong on this point -RRB- . I wish there was still the option of buying a metal Razr like the first generation ones . I would have paid extra for it . Like all phones , I 'm sure it will scratch with use and be more susceptible to breaking . -- I could not synchronize the built in calendar with Outlook . I subscribed to a separate calendar synchronization program from Verizon -LRB- iDatebook -RRB- which works well but creates a separate calendar rather than using the built in one . -- The Razr uses BREW for applications so there are fewer available than in java . I particularly miss World Mate for international travel -LRB- especially the currency converter -RRB- and a shopping list application . -- It 's CMDA only so for for international travel , I 've had to unlock an old handset and will just buy prepaid SIMsAll in all , though , the V3m may be my favorite wireless handset of the seven I 've owned over the years .
 I just upgraded to this Motorola Razr . Like most of you , when this came out I really , really wanted one , but they were just too pricey . Now the price is within reason , so I went for it and extended my plan.I 'm not sure what all the complaints are about . The phone is very thin and once in your pocket you hardly know it 's there , and the lack of an external antenna makes it much easier to get out of your pocket . It has a nice feel to it and is wide enough so it does n't feel like a toy . I have very small hands and have little trouble working everything with one hand . The `` flat '' buttons do n't bother me , but I wish the OK button in the middle of the toggle ring was raised up just a bit . I find myself using my thumbnail to press it.I 'm having no trouble with hearing people , and the ringers are just loud enough for me . The complaint about several button being located on the flip up cover are not a real problem . If they were on the lower part of the phone you would be pressing them all the time.Yes , the screen is difficult to see in bright daylight , but are n't they all , including most cameras and PDA 's . The voice activation feature worked right away , after installing some contacts , and made few mistakes.I also got the GPS Maps feature and the Web option . I have not had a chance to really test the GPS , but it did locate my position within a house or two . The Web option seems to work very well and I was able to get lots of info quite easily and rather quickly.I did spend some time with Verizon on the phone to learn how to activate these features and learn how to use them , but I 've always found Verizon service to be excellent , and the person stayed with me until I had all the features down.I was told that the Razr has gone through some software changes and unlike the stories I 've heard , the top does not feel like it 's going to fly off the phone across the room . It feels really solid considering how thin it is.I would say if you 've been waiting now is the time . It looks like they 've gotten some of the bugs out of the phone , and while it does take awhile to get over the learning curve , for any advance features , I really like this phone a lot.Is it perfect ? Not at all , but it is extremely popular , and it 's been around long enough so you can find just about anything for this phone on the Net.I would have given it 5 stars , but it 's just confusing enough learning how to use it I had to give it 4 . Also , like others have said
 I just upgraded from an older cell phone to this version.Motorola , I know , saw its market share diminish by not upgrading its phones . However , this particular model represents a major improvement for me.It takes a bit to get the functions straight -LRB- but , then , I 'm a technophobe and not real techno-literate to begin with -RRB- . However , I have been able to pick up the specifics and choose what options I wish -LRB- e.g. , answering the phone by simply opening it -RRB- . I was able to change ringer tones handily ; it was easy to program voice mail ; it was simple to access the web through the phone.I was even able to send my first text message -LRB- yes , I know , primitive -RRB- . All in all , I 'm pretty happy with this . I am well aware that there are much more powerful and fancier cell phones out there . But I prefer something simple and easy to use . And this fills my bill nicely .
 I had a stroke almost two years ago -LRB- two years in March -RRB- . I had to learn how to live in this world with only one side that I can control . this phone is my safty net.I promised my husband that I would always have my cell phone on me and I do . It fits nice in a pocket or a small purse.it cames with some great goodies like a voice recorder so I can leave myself reminders . I even use the date book . I use it so I know what time it is . it 's a life saver . Thanks !! The camera is handy also !
 The Motorazr V3m is a solid phone - making and recieving calls is easy and effective , the operating system is consistent , and it looks small and stylish on the outside . However , once you go beyond simple phone tasks , things get more complicated.First , the exterior
 I 've had this phone for a little under a year now ... Here are my biggest pros and cons : Pros : - Good , clear reception - Sleek , slim design -LRB- can fit in my pocket yet the numbers are big -RRB- - Decent camera -LRB- much better than my previous phone -RRB- - Good sized display - Time can be told without opening phone - Features are easy to use - Voice recognition works wellCons : - Smaller , sleeker design makes it easier to drop ! I use a holder -- it makes the phone a bit thicker , but I have known several people who have cracked the screen or loosened the connection between the two parts just by dropping it once. : -RRB-
 Alright everyone , so pretty much , this phone is possibly the only indestructible phone i 've ever had . its been through the washing machine for full 60 minute cycles around 2 or 3 times , went swimming in the cheseapeake bay , daytona beach , and pretty much the whole eastern seaboard . My phone has been hit with over 3000 paintballs , and list goes on.Pros - * It may only be mine but its literally indestructible * Battery for the first six months lasts around over 2 weeks * Fail safe with the battery , that whenever hit to hard or in the wrong way , it comes out . But nly at a set limit of course , and it also only does it for instance when thrown out of a lacrosse stick.Cons - * My sister had one , she ended up running it over , and it destroyed the screen . * Theres only two colors * Battery after six months NEEDS to be replaced for it dies alot .
 I LOVED this phone . I have had many phones over the years but this one has so far been my absolute favorite . I have always favored Motorola phones over LG ones , but this phone was , oh , just amazing.It was so durable . I lost count how many times I dropped it , and it only had one scratch . I have had my friends complain that its snapped in half on them and other things along those lines , but that never happened to me . I dropped it once and them stepped on it by accident - its still in excellent shape.THe features that were on the phone were great and it was amazing . I only ha done complaint about the phone that was not Motorola 's fault . It was actually Verizon 's . They took out some of the amazing features it was capable of.Unfortuneatly , the phone 's screen got messed up somehow and since it wasnt insured I had to get a whole new phone . I would have bought the same phone again , but they changed the color sceme to the silver on the outside , and it turned me off.Now , I see the new RAZR V9m coming out and it also has amazing features and I can not wait for that phone again , but once again , my complaint with Verizon stands . Some new features like Crystal Talk that would eliminate the background noise was taken off the phone . I do not know why they are buthering perfectly good phones , but I would still buy it and will very much be happy with it .
 Problems that some may have had with this phone are just personal ones such as `` ca n't swim with this phone in my pocket '' , `` It 's not like my old phone '' and such . Other than that , it does n't get any better than this . The camera is great with good lighting -LRB- as with every camera or video camera -RRB- . The music player is awesome . The interface takes a little getting used to as with any new device you 'll buy . Even the internal speaker sounds good unlike most phones . The only cons such as poor reception , or limitations of use are caused by your location or your provider . Verizon makes up for it by their surprisingly excellent customer service . This phone is built like a tank . I love it !
 I replaced a Motorola v265 with this phone . I was extremely disappointed by the fact that this phone is made of plastic , not metal . The speakerphone is indeed not loud enough ; it 's quieter than any other speakerphone I 've ever heard . The directional pad is too small for my average-sized hands , and requires me to use my fingertips , which is annoying most of the time . The button travel is a bit deep , but I suppose that it prevents accidental pressing.My phone has been hacked as mentioned in other reviews , so I am no longer forced to download ringtone $ and graphic $ from Verizon . Yes , I voided my phone 's warranty by doing this , but these phones have been around for years , and they 're pretty reliable . I also added a 1GB Micro-SD card , and the phone works fairly well as an MP3 player -LRB- playlists are supported -RRB- . MP3s must be synced from Windows Media Player 10 , but it 's a very simple process . A standard 5-pin USB cable will allow this phone to interface with a PC.It 's best to install a Micro-SD card in this phone with the intention of never removing it . You 'll probably damage something while trying . The positive side is that the card will not budge if you drop your phone.The built-in 1.3 megapixel camera compares with my ancient 1.2 megapixel camera . You wo n't take breathtaking works of art with it , but the picture quality is half-decent . The video camera produces similar webcam-quality results.The real point of this phone is its aesthetic appeal . It 's thin enough that you can keep it in your pocket without being bothered by the bulge . It looks good when you pull it out , and the shape and materials feel good when you 're using it . It 's not cutting-edge anymore , but it costs a lot less than a Blackberry , and if you 're willing to hack it -LRB- voiding warranty -RRB- , it provides a satisfying amount of gadgetry.UPDATE
 The service personnel went out of their way to help me get the latest update to make my purchase preform beyond my expectations .
 I 've become a big fan of the game `` Draw Something '' and thought it might be nice to have a stylus to help me draw or write on my Galaxy Nexus phone . This stylus absolutely works on the screen , but I do n't think it helps much with my intended purpose . The tip of this stylus is squishy , and for the contact to register on the screen , the tip must be completely squished . You have to press a little harder than feels natural . Also , the tip is n't very fine , so I end up drawing thin lines with the same unpredictability experienced with using a finger . I still like the stylus and perhaps with more practice it will be a superior writing implement.This does come with an audio jack tether , but the cord is too short to keep the stylus attached while using it on the screen . It 's still nice to have to keep the stylus with the phone in your purse or pocket.I love the long length and slim line of this stylus . Mimics writing with a pen or pencil .
 Ok , so I know this phone has n't gotten very good reviews ANYWHERE , including att.com , who is my provider , but I got this phone when I upgraded last week . I had a Sony Ericsson Z520a for two years until I waterlogged it while washing my car . It was such a good phone to me that I decided to get another Sony Ericsson.It basically just depends on what is important to you . The battery life issue doesnt bother me because I plug it in to charge every night while I sleep . I 've never had a battery issue , and I am a young woman , I talk A LOT and text a lot . Texting is easy on this phone . The light effects are not stupid looking like I am in highscool or anything , in fact I like them because I can see from across the room if I want to talk to the person or not -LRB- that 's how I prioritize the lighting : - -RRB- One thing it doesnt do is video , which my other Sony did . Does n't matter because I do n't use it anyway . One thing it DOES do that my other one didnt , it alerts me when I get a new email on my main email address , which I only use for close friends so that is a huge plus . The alert lights on the outside are an awesome feature , but they do n't stay lit up , you have to press the up/down sound button on the side of the phone for the time and alerts to sh
 it 's 2012 & i just dug this phone back out to start using again . i 've had 2 upgrades since & have n't liked either as much as i like this phone . i dropped it in water in 2009 . the whole phone still works except for the microphone . i just plug in a hands free set & use that mic so it works . i liked the speaker feature but the hands free set works fine for calls . does n't have 4g . as far as i 'm concerned cell screens are too small for any relevant internet use . i certainly do n't have to worry about anyone stealing this phone . it 's solid , compact & feels good in your hand . i love the selection of themes , colors , & ringers on the phone . i love that the lights alert you to a call if the ringer is turned off so it 's not disturbing if you are in a situation where you ca n't take a call - do n't have to have an annoying vibration sound on to know someone called . even volume 1 is quiet enough that you can personally be alerted to a call without disturbing others . i always get my free phone upgrade as soon as it is available so i have a stash of phones & chips to rely on if my current phone is incapacitated . i like to get sony ericcson so i can keep a the same battery charging in an old phone & ready to replace every day anyway . i have n't liked either of the 2 phones i 've had since as well as i like this phone . when i dug this phone out , i decided i 'm going back to using it with the auxiliary mic . i 'm considering buying another one .
 I received my data cable 3 days from purchase date . Packaged well and the software for using this cable is available free for download from Nokia . Nice features . I 'm very pleased with my overall experience .
 Have n't had time to use it yet -- too busy traveling . Maybe by the end of January . Arrived quickly and in good condition is all I can say .
 Everything with this order went as expected . Quality is good and there is no reason to pay more for the OEM product .
 * I purchased this item over a year ago . * Useage -- bunches and bunches . * Updating the cell phone with a computer -- cell-cable-computer -- It 's the way to go .
 At the Cingluar store I paid $ 39.00 for this cord.When I saw the same cord on Amazon for $ 1.99 I nearly died.I wanted to go back to the Cingular store and SLAP the salesman.Again ... Cingular sells this identical cord for $ 39 -LRB- thirty nine dollars -RRB- Amazon sells it for $ 1.99 . THATS why I went to the trouble of making this review.the moral
 The cable was delivered as advertised . I works great . I have had problems with non-oem cables in the past .
 We received the battery within a very reasonable time frame , it charged well and has been trouble free since . Thanks for making this available . The Phone manufacturer said it was discontinued but we love the phone and are happy to be able to continue it 's use .
 This phone was to be my stand by phone until Iphone releases its 3G version , but I feel I will keep it until the end of my contract . It serves my purpose - Making calls . good call quality , audible , no issues with signal and reception . Got 1 bar when I was in elevator and call did not get disconnected . - Battery life . I allow it to discharge almost to 5 % then charge itback to 100 % . Battery stays for 2 days with minimal usage and close to day and half with lot of usage -LRB- only calls , no browsing -RRB- . - Appearance and interface is very much improved and looks good.I have been a loyal amazon customer for close to two years , had no issues with any of my orders . On time delivery.Some issues I had were - Transferring phone book . Used a software from internet to transfer from my contacts from Outlook to Phone memory . - No CD or handsfree along with the product . Need to get itseperately . - very glossy , so need to clean it sometimes to remove fingerprints.All in all a really good phone with required features .
 Some things people need to know about this phone.Good
 Use this code at the online Motorola store to save 15 % off most items . Here is the code
 This is a very powerful phone at a ridiculously low price . I love it .
 This is my first cell phone . I enjoy it so much . It charges fast and is so cool
 For years , ever since the `` old school '' days , my cell phone of choice was always a Nokia until about three years ago , when I opted to upgrade to a Motorola v551 . While overall , the v551 was a nice phone , there were some Motorola quirks that really soured me on considering a new Motorola device.So , when the time came again to upgrade my device , I started to do some real reserach to find an all around good phone . I considered waiting for the new iPhone , but could n't see plunking down $ 600 on a non-3G capable phone -LRB- first generation to boot -RRB- . Nokia 's were out simply because many of them are not flip phones and even the ones that are were n't aesthetically pleasing . Compounding my problem even further was the fact that even though the RAZR 's looked nice , I read way too many reviews that highlighted its many shortcomings . And , it was a Motorola , plagued with the same quirks that I had hated -LRB- one example , the fact that I had to create a separate contact for every phone number I entered , even if it was for the same person , another was photo quality and yet another was the charger . -RRB- After reading the reviews for the V3xx , I was intrigued . For one , Motorola revamped its operating system , making it more user friendly . Secondly , the v3xx was 3G capable , had a powerful camera , and could be used as an MP3 device . These were the things I was looking for , and after reading the reviews , I figured I 'd give Motorola another chance.I 've had the phone for three days now and I 'm very pleased . It has a nice sturdy feel to it , the buttons and `` joystick '' are easily used and feel solid . The display is very sharp , it takes great photos and has a few photo tools to help make your picture look good . The reception is also very good and phone calls sound crystal clear . The speakerphone is average , sounding just like most speaker phones do -LRB- like a tin can . -RRB- The internet browser , with the 3G capability , is great and I can actually see myself using the media features as opposed to having it simply as a novelty like I did on the v551 . The streaming video and music is great and I hope that Cingual expands the selection of titles as well as length of programming.I still have yet to try the mobile e-mail function and the mp3 player , but I do n't have any doubts that they will perform well also . To be a semi-serious mp3 player , a micro SD card is essential , as well as either a bluetooth hedaset or a 3.5 mm adapter.Perhaps the only gripe I can come up with at this time is the outside display is not as bright as it could be , and I find myself having to look very hard to see what time it is or whether I had missed a call . On the v551 , the display would light up bright blue and even when dimmed , the time was still easy to see during the day.To sum up , if you 're considering a phone that that does n't require serious business use , give the V3xx a try . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I have used Nokia from day 1 , but I decided to try this Razr , because I had heard that Motorola fixed a lot of the problems that the original Razr had . This phone has great reception , brilliant screen , awesome camera for pictures , bluetooth works very well with hands free link in my car and very easy to text with . I have n't downloaded music yet so ca n't comment on that aspect . This phone is also very nice looking I must admit.The only problem is the ringtones that come with this phone are awful , they force you to go buy ringtones which I think is absurd . Great phone otherwise , highly recommended .
 When I first went in the store to upgrade my phone , I got talked into getting a LG CU500 . I liked the features of the phone but did not like how it handled my calls , -LRB- went silent for a minute or two alot during calls -RRB- . So I took it back and got a Razr v3xx since I have had a Motorola phone in the past and it got great service , not to mention that I did some research and alot of people seem to really like them as well , -LRB- online reviews and friends referral -RRB- . I have to say that this is a really nice phone and I have n't had ANY problems with it at all so far and I 've had it now for 2 weeks . So I 'm super happy with it and glad I traded the other one in for this .
 Solid performance . 3G network is great . and oh so thin ! Most comfortable phone to carry around in your pants pockets .
 I was talked into this phone when I almost used my old Motorola as a hockey puck when it `` spontaneously died '' along with 2 other Cingular customers who also had the Motorola V557 - Our phones just powered off and would not power on , and we were all within a month of contract end and planning to go to Nextel . However , the phone has performed well . Battery life could be more like I was led to expect , but it is ok . It charges best if turned off , and the camera -LRB- not a critical accessory -RRB- is phenomenal , sometimes outperforming my wife 's digital . However my carrier is still big disappointment .
 This is an amazing piece of equipment . I have used the RAZR V3 for 2 years . This is only that much better . Bright screen . Brillient Graphics . Fast operating system . Huge memory . Decent camera . Quantum improvement over the original RAZR v3The downside
 I 've had a non-3G RAZR for a couple years , and recently upgraded to this . Coupled with an unlimited data plan , this is an absolutely stellar phone.Users of past RAZR and similar Motorola phones almost wo n't recognize the OS . It 's been hugely improved in almost every area - camera , media , address book , messaging , storage -LRB- including a a Transflash slot -RRB- . It 's also very snappy . Hardware-wise , the screen is bumped from the old 176x220 to 240x320 -LRB- QVGA -RRB- . It 's silky smooth and bright.If you live in a Cingular 3G area , the HSDPA data is amazingly fast , and the voice quality is orders of magnitude better than any cell phone I 've tried before - crystal clear . The built in browser is okay , but it really shines with the free Opera Mini browser.The only disappointing thing is that Cingular has crippled the network access for Java applications . Using a non-Cingular Java application such as Opera Mini will have the phone asking your permission to access the network every single network request it makes . This gets really frustrating really fast , but a fix can be found with a little bit of googling.Don ' t bother with this if you do n't get the data plan ... get a KRZR instead ... many of the OS improvements are included .
 The V3xx excels so much more than any other razor phone . The V3xx has a 247mhz Arm9 process which the V3/V3i/V3r only have a 40mhz processor , V3x 70mhz , Krazr K1 only has a 66mhz processor . Also the V3xx has more built in memory than any other previous Razr phones with 60Mb expandable w / upto 2GB SD . Another note the V3xx has the Nvidia Goforce 4800GPU which is great for the gamer . I had much faster framerates on my Java games . The Goforce 4800 also conserves battery life when you are not using the phone . I had the V3r razr and the batter drained much faster . The V3xx comes with the best screen so far with 240x320 Qvga screen . The old Qcif screens just do not look this good it is amazing . V3xx is a HDSPA 3G phone one of the only ones that cingular provides . It is much faster than the old GPRS/Edge/UMTS formats and allows for faster data downloads . Streaming video , and audio is also availble which is a great feature . The video camera is very good and supports full screen playback . Lastly the phone supports A2DP stereo bluetooth 2.0 support.Only drawbacks of the phone are the camera 1.3 MP the Goforce chip supports upto 3MP and Motorola should of done that . Still most razr phones only have VGA or 1.2 MP . Another drawback is the buttons ofcourse this is something common amongst all razr phones.Pluses + Qvga 240x320 display 256,000 color3G HSDPA -LRB- video streaming , music streaming , faster data rates -RRB- Fastest GPU of all Razr phonesIncreased Memory and upgradabilityGoforce 4800 GPUOpera web browsingMpeg4 -LRB- 256kb/s -RRB- , WMV -LRB- 128kb/s -RRB- , H. 264 , 3GP supportFull Screen videoMidp2 .0 Java Game supportA2DP Stereo Bluetooth 2.0 SpecUSB mini jack
 Prior to purchasing this phone , I had used a wide variety of other phones from Cingular with having settled on the V551 for a while and then even upgrading to a Palm Treo 650 since I wanted easier to use options of email , internet , text messaging and mp3 player all in one . Well after the Palm got old and I wasnt using as much as I thought I would and with the extra weight of the Palm , I decided to buy a v3xx after reading all the reviews.I just cant say enough about this phone ! Some of the great features I 've noticed just in the few days since Ive had it :1 . Great clarity and reception2 . Just beautiful phone3 . I can finally listen to songs via bluetooth ! I couldnt even do this with my Treo ! I always had to either listen through the phone itself or through a corded earpeice .4 . Convienent options menu for the most popular menu options such as turning on bluetooth , music player , etc. . No need to go scrolling through pages and pages of menus to get what you need .5 . Lightning fast download speeds ! Even with my Treo , it would take forever for a webpage to load . This Razr loads within seconds!I 'm sure this phone has many other great features that I havent found yet , but these are the most impressive ones . I have yet to find a negative about this phone . I cant believe I was able to get everything I used on my PDA into this much smaller phone with faster speeds and better options!Anyone looking to buy this phone , do not hesitate . Its fantastic . So worth the extra cost !
 The title says it all . It 's got lots of features but I do n't care about those . I do n't need my phone to take pictures and play MP3s and all that , even though this phone does those things . I just need it to reliably perform as a phone . My last -LRB- Samsung -RRB- phone had very poor sound quality and was often unusable . This one is awesome . The sound quality is superb , even in places that used to give me trouble with other phones . It 's also very stylish , light , and fits easily into a pocket . Fantastic graphics . This is just an awesome phone .
 I recently got this phone thinking it was quad-band since that is what Amazon advertises . However I checked some websites and found out Amazon is mis-advertising and this is actually only a tri-band GSM 850/1800/1900 . Although Motorola downgraded this aspect of the phone , you should still be able to use the phone in most countries -LRB- after having it unlocked -RRB- since services that run on GSM 900 also run on 1800 I think.Overall , having previously used a RAZR V3 , I love this new V3xx .1 -RRB- Camera is now 1.3 MP -LRB- compared to the V3 's 0.3 MP -RRB- , however , 2 MP would have been better .2 -RRB- Screen is significantly sharper and the graphics are improved .3 -RRB- Phonebook allows for multiple numbers per entry .4 -RRB- External keys are now silent , so if you have previously used Motorola phones , you will find this a blessing ; you no longer will be embarrassed when changing your ringer setting.Some more upgrades include :5 -RRB- A cap for the mini-usb port to keep out the dust .6 -RRB- When looking through your address book , you can now press multiple letters instead of just one -- a definite time-saver and a given in Nokia phones .7 -RRB- The ' # ' key now allows you to change your ringer setting to vibrate by holding it down for a second . Another hold will change your ringer back to the previous setting .8 -RRB- The V3xx seems to save more battery by dimming and turning off both the external and internal screens much more quickly than the V3 .9 -RRB- For Sudoku lovers out there -- yep , that game is on this phone . Although some features are disabled -LRB- such as Solver mode , Tutorial , or higher levels -RRB- , there are no restrictions on playing ` Easy ' level games.I would recommend this phone to everyone , especially previous RAZR and Motorola owners . The V3xx has a processor at least 4x faster than any previous Motorola phone . This means there is no longer a lag after pressing a button .
 I upgraded an old phone to a Sync just three days ago ; at the same time , my son got a Razr v3xx . In comparing the two phones , several things about the Razr prompted me to go back and exchange the Sync.The Razr keeps a subdued clock on the outside screen at all times ; the Sync does not.The Razr is much easier to open with one hand.The Razr has voice-dial ; the Sync does not.The Razr seems to have a cleaner sound for calls.The Razr is simply easier for me - an almost 40-something with no technical skills - to figure out . The screen icons are cleaner and the menus are more intuitive . I had the Sync for three days and still could not figure out half the stuff I wanted to . I 've had the Razr for 3 hours and have already set it up the way I want it , including locking myself out of those expensive Media Net buttons . There 's even a way to lock the AT&T ; Music feature , but keep the ability to use the music player , which is in that menu , by making the music player one of the Navigation keys.Plus , the Razr is just prettier!The only thing I can think of that I do n't like about the Razr is that the speaker does not sound very crisp at all . If you listen to music , I recommend headphones.Update June 2011 - I 'm still using this phone , and it 's still awesome . It never quits . My son has the same phone -LRB- he 's now 17 -RRB- and neither of us are easy on phones . It 's simple , intuitive , light , and the battery life is still days long -LRB- we 've never replaced the batteries . -RRB- If mine ever dies , it 'll be a tough decision whether to upgrade to an iphone or just get another Razr ...
 I just bought this phone two weeks ago and my observations are as follows :1 -RRB- I 'm not a heavy user of cell phones -LRB- about 300 minutes per month -RRB- , but I get almost a full week of usage before recharging .2 -RRB- The video/image is very crisp and bright .3 -RRB- This phone is very easy to use and very functional .4 -RRB- I bought this RAZR V3xx to replace my wife 's LG and what a huge improvement . The reception is much better and the battery lasts three times as long .5 -RRB- This RAZR accepts a removable micro SD card , so you can store many songs , pictures , videos , etc. 6 -RRB- Playing songs from the MP3 player on the phone itself , even without a headset , is very clear.Overall , a very reliable phone and worth the money . Although the LG had nice features and good image , I need a phone that I can reliably make a phone call with and the RAZR is a much better phone .
 I think the Motorola v3xx is a nice phone . It performs the basic functions of a phone pretty well which is to make and receive calls . I have n't explored the other features much . I 've been using it for about a month and did n't find any problems with it . Reception and battery life are good .
 Ok , Im goin to start by saying that over the past year , I had the SLVR L7 -LRB- Great MP3 phone -RRB- Sony Ericsson W600i -LRB- Best phone with stereo speakers -RRB- Samsung Blackjack -LRB- Ok Internet phone -RRB- Well I just got this phone yesterday and I had been using it for over 4 hours and I think from all of the phones , the Motorola V3xx is the best because I didnt have to buy any accesories for it since it uses the same accesories that the Slvr uses . When I first open the box and saw the phone shining , I was amaze because if you see in the pictures , the phone doesnt shine and if it does , its not as realistic as it should be.I put my blackjack 's micro SD card and I turn on the phone and all my songs was recognize by the v3xx , Before i bought this phone I was wondering weather if you listen to the songs in the phone and close the lid of the phone if the music would stop but No it did n't . When you close the lid , in the litle display , it tells you the song and the artist and you dont need to open the phone to change songs . With the side buttons , you can change volume and songs.But the best thing that this phone offers is the BASS feature . Whenever you are listening to the songs , -LRB- go to options and select music options -RRB- there you an control the bass feature . It sounds good if you have the 3.5 mm motorola adapter . -LRB- you can get it in amazon for 5.00 $ -RRB- I would say that this phone is way better than the krzr because this one have 3G and its fast . If you have a laptop , all you have to buy is the bluetooth adapter and use the phone as a modem , you DO NOT need the USB cable , although you could use it.Overall this is a great phone , Camera is good -LRB- WAY better than the razr V3 -RRB- . The reason why I return the blackjack was because the battery suck , and I realize that I didnt need a PDA phone . The speaker is pretty loud although if it was stereo it would it had a better sound but this phone does n't need another speaker . This phone has everything you need on a phone . The internet browser is really good . I can even go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and browse everything as I did with the blackjack.If you are a teenager or someone that needs a phone for calls and a lil more . Than I recommend this phone . This summer im goin to Puerto Rico and im goin to see if I can use it there . 3G is available in PR so im sure that I wont have any problems . If you have a ? just post it in here and I try to answer it.Hope is helpful . I 'll be adding more updates as I use this phone .
 This is a great deal ! I looked around in stores and could n't find anything like this for less than $ 36 . The silicone skin fits perfectly . The armband works well , but I have n't really tried the belt clip . Order was delivered very fast . I would recommend to anybody who wants to protect their MP3 player without adding too much volume to it .
 A fantastice price for the exact same product that sells for $ 14.99 in all of the major wireless storefronts .
 I have been using this for over two months and love it . It is a perfect fit and actually enhances the look of the blackberry while offering good protection from scratches . I like it because it creates a certain amount of friction and makes it less likely to fall off my dashboard or out of my top pocket when I bend over . Excellent . I highly recommend it along with the purchase of a protector for the screen .
 Perfectly compatible with my 8820 . It 's even got icons on the mute and power buttons . Hard to beat the price and quality.It does tend to slip open partially during removal from pockets , but it 's not a deal breaker for me .
 got this for a friend . It was good quality and did the job it was suppose to do . if you need better protection buy otterbox
 The charger arrived when it was supposed to and on time . All the pieces were there and it works great . I will be taking it out of the country with me in a few weeks !
 I bought a new car and the cell phone charger I had kept blowing fuses . I bought a Samsung Car Charger from Amazon.com and now have no problems with charging my cell phone . Delivery also was quick .
 The product was very stylish and user friendly . Howveer the battery life , as with most motorollas , was not very strong . Got it at a great price .
 I like this phone since mine is a go phone which is all I need , but the color says `` pink '' but it looks more like `` maroon '' color to me , it 's quite dark and I expected it to look more pink which would have been prettier I think . The phone works great though . I like it because it 's not very difficult for me to use and I like simplicity .
 I was very pleased with the performance and condition of the phone I recently purchased for my fiancee . Everything functions as it should and we are very happy .
 Product arrived on time and as advertised . Not the super-highest quality but acceptable if you do n't thrash the car chargers when plugging them into car lighter outlets . Batteries are not quite as good as original Samsung regarding length of charge , but for the price this is a great deal especially if an absent-minded person -LRB- teenager ? -RRB- uses , loses and abuses chargers and batteries like mine does !
 The product is good and works , but the finish is not very smoothBut for the price I can settle on that .
 I like to use headsets with my portable phones and occasionally with my cell phone . It allows hands-free communications freeing my hands for other tasks such as typing . It also improves hearing quality for my senior hearing .
 It is the original one . It fits in my phone perfectly . One of the pens broke down , and I used crazy glue to put it back together . I wonder what 's the use of twisting them , anyway .
 I bought it because I wanted something lightweight , see-through , and not too bulky . This fits the bill . And I have dropped the phone without any problems , so it 's sufficiently protective . My one issue is that it does n't fit that well - the bottom left corner slides down , so it 's always a little lopsided . And the case yellows with time , so it 's not as clear after continued use . It does a lot of what I want , but it 's not perfect .
 This is a pretty good case . It does n't seem to exactly fit on the top because it is slightly raised , but does n't affect functionality .
 The product is made from durable rubber that really protects your phone . Fits perfectly and you do n't have to worry about those little particles that tend to get behind your other cases . You also do n't have to worry so much about the face because ofnthat small lip the case has and there are no concerns about putting your phone face down . Great product .
 You may find several cheaper ones but will experience signal looses and poor quality communication . I have 4 of them in different applications and they are good . AS -LRB- Antenna Specialist -RRB- is one of the best Antenna manufacturers along with Radiall Larsen . If you need a real quality antenna look for those 2 brands
 I have had my Ericsson phone with this battery for over one year . I have never had any trouble with the battery -LRB- or the phone -RRB- in that time . The battery has never failed to charge and has charged in a very short period of time . I would highly recommend both the Ericsson battery and phone .
 This is the standard Nokia BMS-2S battery that comes with the Nokia 5100 series by default . The stats on this battery as per the official NokiaUSA.com website are :5190 digital talktime up to 3h-5h .5190 digital standby time up to 60h-225h .5190 analog standby time up to 1h30m-3h .5190 analog standby time up to 16h-26h .
 I own a Nokia 5i60 phone , and use it quite often . When I bought this phone , it came with NiMH battery . This battery does not last long , so I bought a longer lasting Lithium-ion battery . With the NiMH battery , I had to recharge once every two weeks using it average of 15 minutes talk per day . Using the Litium-ion battery , I do n't have to recharge until over two months . I recommend this battery to those big-time talker using Nokia phones . it 's better to replace your NiMH battery with Lithium-ion .
 I got this battery for my Nokia 5165 after my NiMH battery started to fade . Oddly enough , the extended lithium battery is less expensive than the regular -LRB- and I assume , slimmer -RRB- lithium battery , so I bought the cheaper one with more power , which is helpful when you forget to charge your phone . The charge does last a lot longer , but my phone now weighs a ton . That 's the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars .
 My wife uses er old phone as an alarm clock and the original battery finally lost it 's life ... This battery revived her phone and should allow her to use the phone for years to come ...
 Seems to last forever in ` always on ' use . Great talk times . Irecharge about once every six to 8 weeks . Not sure how ` each ` individual battery is ` made ' -LRB- as I see some here unhappy -RRB- ... butMINE is the best thing that happened to my N6160 .
 As soon as I started using the vibrating battery , I was happy because you know how embarassing it is when your cell phone rings during a class ... anyway , I saw nokia batteries like this selling for like 70 bucks on other websites , so i 'm happy I found it cheaper . happy happy happy !
 I bought the vibrating shortly after I got my phone this summer , I thought it might solve the problem about carrying at work with the ringer off . I works most of the time . As long as the battery is facing my body it works fine . I still like the battery and plan on buying a second one so I leave the original battery for emergencies .
 the vibrating feature on this battery is great , but not as strong as i had expected it to be . i can not feel it ringing if i have it in a bag or purse , only if it is in my pocket or on my belt . do not put the phone down on a table or a conference desk if you do not want other people to hear it because it can be load . otherwise it is great , and it is neat how it vibrates in time with the tune of your ring . i have not let the battery run down before charging since the first few times i used it and i have had it for 6 months with no troubles .
 I 've been using nokia 5100/6100 series phones for years , and a vibrating battery is a neccessary accessory . No matter how loud you set the ringer , there will be times where you ca n't hear the phone ring over a lot of noise -LRB- football games , crowded restaurants -RRB- . Other times you might want to keep the phone on silent , but still be able to tell if someone 's calling without disturbing others . I do have to say that if you do n't keep the phone in your pocket or on your hip , you wo n't be able to feel the vibration though . Also , the warning about letting the battery fully discharge before charging is very important . If you do n't run down your battery fully by talking frequently , instead letting it discharge on standby , then you have to be extra careful . All of my first few batteries severly underperformed after a few months due to this .
 These extended vibrating batteries are great ! They will easily last 3-4 days on one charge . Also the vibrating feature is fun.The only bad thing about the extended battery is it really adds weight and mass to you phone.Another thing i should say is that since this is a Nickel Metal Hydride -LRB- NiMH -RRB- battery you have to be careful when you charge your phone particularly for the first few times . It is recommended that you should only charge this phone when it is completely discharged . DO NOT charge if it is only have way discharged . Otherwise you mess up your battery and battery performance will significantly drop .
 This Battery that is a vibrating battery is an excellent choice , before when I heard a cell phone go off with the same ringtone I would always look down to see if it was mine , But with the vibrating feature I now now it 's for me .
 The vibrating battery is a great idea for people , like me , who do not like to see everybody staring at you when your cell phone rings . I also am very annoyed by other people 's cell phone ringing louder than the person next to them . A vibrating battery is a great solution to that.This particular battery could , however , be a little stronger . When I take the bus or on the subway , I can sometimes not feel it vibrate , and therefore miss a call -LRB- which is not the end of the world , by the way !! -RRB-
 This battery is pretty cool the only thing is that my nokia 5165 Cell phone does not fit into my other holder . That is a small price to pay for a vibrating battery . The battery holds an excellant charge . Try out this battery .
 I have a Nokia 6162 and after a couple of years the original NiMH battery was n't holding it 's charge well . I held out this long because I was really annoyed that a new battery would cost almost as much as a lot of the cooler new phones around so I was hoping the prices would come down . I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I 'm very happy with my purchase . At full price , I 'd still be annoyed but probably would 've bought the battery anyways because I needed one.So far it 's working fine . It is EXTREMELY light and somewhat slimmer than my original batter which makes carrying my phone around with me much nicer . The only negative so far is that it does n't seem to last quite as long between charges -LRB- based on my general usage level -RRB- as my old battery . However , we 're still talking about going days between charges so it 's not a complaint just an observation.I 'd say if you 're looking for a replacement battery that 's simple , gets the job done , and will lighten your load a bit , this is a good buy . If the price comes down or you can find a coupon it 's an excellent buy.I hope this was helpful and good luck with your purchase !
 I bought this battery a few months after I got my phone just so I could have a spare battery , but now I use it as my main battery . It lightened up my phone and gave it a sleeker look . The talk time I get on this battery is better than the origainal , and the same goes for the stand by time . If your looking for a new battery this is the one you want !
 This headset is actually really comfortable . I really do n't opt for headsets that go over my ear and this one works perfectly . The sound quality is really good and people on the other end can hear me quite well . Great product and great price !
 Not looking to spend the cash for Bluetooth , but need something to work ? This is it . With the extra button you can answer , put a call on hold , or hang up without fumbling for your phone . Very happy with the purchase .
 This head is one of the best I tried so far and I tried 4 ...
 This battery is a very important accessory for anyone who travels . It is so small -LRB- credit card size -RRB- and lightweight you 'll never know it 's in your purse or briefcase until you need it ! The Nokia 282 goes through batteries like my son goes through pancakes . An extra battery takes much less space and weight than a charger , and having a fully charged replacement battery ready to go can save the day .
 I 've got ta say that this is an EXCELLENT product for the price . I 've been a musician for 25 years and I know quality sound , and the sound quality of this product is first rate . For those of you getting poor quality sound try CLEANING your tape deck head unit . I know good sound and the clarity is just a tad bit below my CD player . Both units of which are connected in tandem with the same head unit in my F250 Super Duty . I 've got 2 kicker 12 '' subs , a hyphonics 1000 W amp and alpine tweets and like I said the sound is excellent for the price . For those of you that rate this product as poor , you should seriously look at your audio system and maybe spend a few bucks and get a head cleaner , or a new system all together .
 I have a Samsung A870 , not with Verizon , but with a local company called Cellcom . I was worried I would n't be able to put ringtones and pictures on this phone because of that , but I did and it worked great . -LSB- . . -RSB- I did that and now I have 20 songs on my phone has ringtones , and any image that I want . This data cable did exactly what it advertised . Came with a cable that fit , and a driver . No complaints .
 I was expecting the Data cable to come with the software to sync contacts , photos , music , etc but it only has the capability to sync contacts . If your just looking to sync contacts , this product works great ! Enjoy !
 This product is a good deal if you know how to use it . Unfortunately , if you are purchasing this product to add music to your phone you may want to reconsider . The Verizon V = cast product would be better because it comes with Headphones . If you already have the headphones -LRB- which cost anywhere from $ 20 - $ 100 -RRB- than this product will be good for you .
 I purchased this product about a month ago , and I received it promptly . It worked as expected , but it did n't come with any software to transfer data to my phone . It worked fine with my Bitpim , but the fact that the playlist function does not work bothered me . Otherwise , it 's a fine product that is worth quite a few times its price elsewhere . It 's definitely worth the buy , and although it did n't come with all the features it could have had , it 's great for its low price .
 I bought this cable specifically to charge my A900M , which it is not listed to work with , but it works and charges the A900M flawlessly.Received the shipment fast , just like my other orders with Bargaincell . I ordered it late Sunday night and it was in my mailbox the following Saturday.If you want to charge your A900M via USB -LRB- which the OEM supplied cable will not do -RRB- and be able to transfer data to and from your phone , this is the cord for you .
 This USB works great . At first I had issues but after I read the instructions on my Samsung phone it worked great . Just plug in the USB and on your phone go to GET IT NOW and it will conect to your PC . Pull up Windows Media and SYNC and your songs are on your phone . Very inexspensive and easy .
 At first I did n't know if this thing would work for what I wanted it to do which is upload music to my cellphone and it work great with out any software . You just plug it in and go !
 This cable also works with my Samsung A900M . It can charge the phone from the USB port as well .
 It arrived promptly . Before I had time to use it I ran over the phone with a large truck .
 Item arrived quickly from Northern when I ordered on 6/13/2008 -- Unfortunately , I was unable to use the starter because of other issues with repairing the engine -- When I used the instructions to return the product , I was directed to a very helpful and pleasant person at Northern , who arranged to have a return number sent to me so I could return the product to Briggs and Stratton -- About two weeks later the e-mail instructions came from Briggs and Startton and as of 7/14/2008 , I am awaiting the refund .
 It 's a clip for a radio , received exactly what I ordered , exactly like the image shown on the products listing . Thank you for a quick ship , you 'd be surprised how long some places take to send your item only to received the wrong F * ing item.Thank you again for sending me what I wanted .
 I really just needed the car charger , but since the combo came at such a discount , I figured I 'd go for both . No problems with the car charger , and the body glove is really good quality & protects the razor well .
 I absolutely love this earpiece . This is the best one that I have ever owned , and there were plenty of them !!
 This headset works beautifully , it is lightweight and very comfortable , and the noise reducing microphone is highly effective . My first Logitech headset -LRB- the Mobile Freedom , model #F 0228A -RRB- was larger ; the flexible roating clip snapped in half after less than one year of use . Logitech was fabulous and promptly sent me a free replacement headset -LRB- the Logitech Mobile Traveller , model #F 0399A -RRB- . This is a smaller , sleeker headset , and even more comfortable than the first one . However , the clip snapped in half after only 4 months of use -LRB- mind you , I coddle my phone and headset -RRB- . This time , Logitech sent me a replacement clip ; it 's still in one piece 5 months later . I would have rated this 5 stars but for the frail clip .
 I purchased the Logitech Mobile Traveler a little over a year ago and have been extremely satisfied with the product , but that 's not to say that that the product is not without some flaws . The reception , clarity , and battery life is quite good . Also , my hearing is n't the greatest and love the fact that you can turn up the volume on this unit and do n't have to strain to hear . My one complaint about the product is that the loop piece that fits over the ear came after after the first month of use and often separates from the unit . I 've gotten used to the drill of reattaching the loop prior putting it on , but it 's still very annoying at times . Even with this slight annoyance , I would definitely buy this product again
 It works very good . Very ggod sound quality and reception . But sometimes it disconnects from the phone , I do n't know if that is because of the phone or the bluetooth . The design is not so good . The ear starts paining after an hour or so of wearing the headset .
 After researching bluetooth headsets on Amazon and asking several people I met in stores , I decided to try this headset . Also 3 salespeople in my company use this headset or the logitech Freedom which is a good value for the price . As for the negative comments about comfort , I also wear glasses . So I took the headset into my local Costco and had the optical dept. heatup and adjust the ear piece . It paired up easly with my Motorola Razar v3 . Everyone tells me they hear me clearly and the contol buttoms are easy to use . The volume adjusts just fine for me even with the road noise in my truck . The main thing I wanted in a headset was the ability to voice dial in my truck with road noise and use it outside without a light breeze making it impossible for people to hear me and this headset works great for both compared to a Motorola bluetooth headset I tried before .
 I bought the Mobile Traveller SE through Verizon for my Treo 650 within week I noticed that it was dropping the connection with my phone and never knew when I was answering on the phone or headset . I would occassionally press the button to `` ping '' the phone to verify the connection was there . I called Logitech support and they agreed to send me a new headset . They sent me the non-Verizon version , Mobile Traveller . So far , it is an improvement and I have n't dropped the connection to my phone once this past week . As for the tight fit on the ear , with a little pressure you can bend the ear hook piece to widen it and it will fit looser on the ear . I got mine to fit snugly without the pain and I can wear it all day . I had the Jabra BT350 before -LRB- until my 3 year old spilled orange juice on it and ruined it -RRB- and for the same price , I 'd get the Mobile Traveller with the Windstop microphone , a great improvement over the Jabra .
 I 've used this model headset for 6 months , and the sound quality is great . I drive a truck for a living , and needed a headset with low backgound noise from the truck . The `` windstop '' technology works good . I wear it about 6-7 hours a day . The earpiece can be straightened slightly to minimize discomfort . Only problem is it disconnects sometimes at `` rest '' . It beeps when it disconnects , and reconnects automatically , usually within a minute or two . Would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommended to friends .
 The saying you get what you pay for does n't apply to this product ! I could n't believe how heavy duty this mount was . I 'm almost afraid it 's too heavy to stay on my dashboard , but the suction cup is so big I think it would stick to just about anything . It holds my Blackberry unbelievably well ; allowing it to slide in and out with ease . Highly recommended . I also ordered a bunch of other stuff from BargainCell and was pleasantly suprised with everything .
 This was a delight to use and as a bonus you can recharge the pda while doing hot sync operations . Very well made . You will not be disappointed .
 This case is extremely well made , and unusual in style . I 'm now using it for my Treo 800 -LRB- smaller , but there were n't cases available , even from Palm when I first got it -RRB- . If you have the phone in the case while you 're using it , you will often discover that the snap hits the center button on the phone , activating the mute function . By the time you figure it out , the caller has hung up . This happens even if you turn the phone around inside the case and have the mute button facing the back . As long as you 're super-conscious , it 's okay .
 Great for the price and delivery was fast , everything about doing business with this merchant seems right
 I was very satisfied with my order . The price was excellent and my order arrived in excellent shape as well as arriving quickly . I would definiately order from this company again .
 Bought this phone about 2 weeks ago , it is a great phone . Excellent reception -LRB- have not lost a signal yet -RRB- , a host of features , light , and slim . The bluetooth works well , MP3 player is good as is the built in camera . The user interface is very intuitive , you do n't have to read any manuals to get it up and going on the functions . Lots of extras with this phone . I would highly recommend it , especially over the Motorola V3I or the Razr , the 830 is much easier to use , better looking and much slimmer than the Motorola offerings .
 I ve got this phone yesterday for my wife and i got it in stylish red color it is the ULTRA edition 9.9 , she loved the design the first minute she has seen it . The only issue about the phone is that it has came from France , and the manual is all in French.It took me about 10 minutes to find English in the menu and 15 minutes after that to set up the whole thing.A large and bright diplay allows you to scroll down the easiest menu i 've ever seen , it 's packed with features i need and i like . Great phone .
 if you are really into thin phones . . this is the one for you -LRB- thinner than razor -RRB- but you 'll have to sacrifice functions such as short batt life -LRB- approx 36hrs on standby w / a few calls -RRB- and soft speakerphone volume ... and for some you have to get used to the keypad .
 Bought this phone in 2006 and it is still alive and kicking and we are in 2013 ! 7 years for a phone ? You will not get that anymore . I must admit that I paid about $ 440 for it when I got it . Could n't ask for a better phone .
 Not compatible w / my Nokia N90 . this product was displayed w / the Nokia N90 , but is not even compatible . pls change your picture as this is not the correct match.i kept the product anyway and just gave it to my dad.overall , svc was prompt and the item works . would still recommend.pls audit your Phone and Bluetooth compatibility . thanks
 I received the earpiece and it did not work , so I contacted seller and they sent out a new earpiece that was received a few days later . I would suggest you call if you need to get a hold of the company . I would order from this company again .
 I know it is silly to be so discerning about a simple cell phone case , but considering how much time I spend using my Samsung A460 , the right case was a very important decision . I have friends who have bought Body Glove cases over the Samsung or Sprint products , so without seeing it in person first , I decided to order the Ion from Amazon.com.I have to say that I am very pleased with it . It is sturdy and made of durable material , and the two-piece design makes it easy to place on the phone . It also allows a tighter fit , as opposed to a one-piece case that would have to stretch over the phone . The belt clip is capable yet not intrusive , and the open areas are all appropriate for the phone model . The style is another plus -- nice colors , with the logo on the side . I was pleased to see that `` Body Glove '' was not stamped on the clear front , unlike the way it looks in the product photo -LRB- the lettering is actually on the inside of the case , and is just seen through the clear window since the case is empty in the photo -RRB- . With these compliments , I do have some criticism . For one , I wish the plastic on the front was simply large enought for the front display . Although the larger window shows the phone 's nice silver casing , both all of the plastic on the outside and over the screen on the inside tend to make it stick to the phone . In addition , the seams that stitch the plastic to the neoprene are not clean in some places , and give the rim on the outside of the case a little of a messy look.Overall , though , I would recommed the case to those who want a stylish and protective phone cover but do n't want to spend more than -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for one .
 This case fits great . good snug fit . the two piece design is awesome . better than any i have tried or have seen before . definitely worth the $ . very unassuming cover . not flashy at all or by any means an eye sore . nice product .
 Veeeerrrrryyyyy sturdy case . This case actually looks better with the phone iside it that it does in the picture . Does n't have that whimpy top flap that keeps coming off when you 're on a call either ... and since the top flap has a longer inside cover , it also acts as a screen protector for the phone 's large display screen . Much better than the leather OEM case I had -LRB- which broke -RRB- .
 I ordered this case because it was listed under the N400 accessory page , but it DOES NOT FIT THE N400 . This case is for the A460 and also fits the LG5350 nicely.This case is very sturdy and well built . I HIGHLY recommend it for anyone with an 460 or 5350 .
 Excellent case . It is very sturdy and durable and stays on the phone nicely . Highly recommended .
 This case is excellent ! It is very sturdy , and the price is right . Very happy with it .
 this case comes up for use with the samsung n400 , it does not fit the n400 . do not attempt to squeeze the n400 into it . do not order it planning to use with n400 . It is a nice case though , and my friend whose cell phone did fit into it seems to really like it .
 I went through three leather cases that were sold by my cellular dealer . The leather cases were bulky , poorly constructed and over priced . I was frustrated and turned to Amazon.com to get their reviews on what to get . This Body Glove is by far the best product I have seen available for the V60 phone . The quality of the product is great , construction wonderful . The Body Glove is not bulky , nice to hold in your hand , and offers good protection for the phone . There is one slight flaw in the design , but it is not unique to the Body Glove
 I have tried some leather swivel-clip cases that are floating out there . They were n't bad but they made the phone too bulky . I generally like to put the phone in my pocket and only occasionally wear it on my belt so I needed something that was not too bulky . However , I also wanted to maintain the cool look of the phone.Well , this case appears to be the answer . It is very tight fitting . It is the only case that COMPLETELY covers the display on the inside of the phone and all of the keys on the keypad . They used clear plastic to do this . They punched holes out for the earpiece sections . Everything is very well made and all the cut-outs are formed and placed well to maintain a quality look . The top cover for the phone detaches via a button so you could take it of if desired . I am not sure what type of material it is . I have read it is nylon . It has a pattern on it and is very unique . It has a metal `` Body Glove '' button on one side.All in all , a very unique , well made case that really does n't add much bulk to the phone , still maintains a very nice look , and protects the phone well . The only thing to consider is that if you like to wear the phone on your belt most of the time , a swivel clip case may be a better option . Body Glove makes one of those also but of course it is bulkier and therefore would n't lend itself to be pocketable.If anyone wonders , I did n't get the case here . I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon though and would have bought this if they had it in the color I wanted . I ended up paying more elsewhere just to get it .
 I recently purchased a Motorola V60i phone , and needed a case due to my history of being `` heavy handed '' with cell phones . Like some of the others who have posted reviews for this product , I too was unhappy with the poor selection of cases available from local vendors for the V60i . All the other cases I found were too bulky -LRB- defeating the main reason for choosing this phone in the first place -RRB- , made from some man-made material that they dare call `` leather , '' and obviously not designed specifically for the V60 series.Here 's the bottom line - this case is by far the best one out there , and this comes from a person who spent more time browsing mall kiosks and phone dealers for a case than should be humanly allowed . This case is not bulky , is very durable , and fits the V60 perfectly because it was designed just for this phone.If you want a case for your Motorola V60 , this is the one .
 This has to be the best engineered case I have ever owned . More durable and better looking than any leather case . It has a slim belt clip as opposed to that bulky `` swivel '' clip that will just about double the carrying size of your phone . I usually prefer classic black but the charcoal gray -LRB- shade matches the gray antenna -RRB- gives the phone a clearly distintive and rich look . The keypad and earpiece sections are fully protected with clear plastic with cutouts where they 're supposed to be . A button will detach the earpiece section if you prefer to use your phone that way . The people at Body Glove have this case down to a 5 star science .
 I have a V60T and this case fits it perfectly.I had shopped around and purchased other cases over the internetand when they arrived I was very unhappy with the quality and fit . I also had purchased the Motorola case from Cingular but the belt clip made the phone to big and bulky . I read the reviewposted and it helped greatly in my decision to purchase this case from Amazon . This is a quality case that I think anyone will be pleased with . If there is anything that Body Glove could add to this case , it would be the hand strap that on other phone cases I have owned I used it as added security around my belt loop .
 I have been dismayed with two previous cases -LRB- not Body Glove cases -RRB- for my Motorola V60 mainly because of the poor fit of the cases on the flip open cover . Other cases tended to `` ride up '' on the cover and make for a terrible problem when trying to listen.Not so with this case.I 'm totally satisfied with the fit , and the access it allows to the ports on the top of the phone . Great fit on this case for the exact same price I paid for other cases that did n't fit as well.I would highly recommend this case .
 As much as I like the Motorola V60 it seems that Motorola is not intent on producing a nice case for the phone . As usual , Body Glove has stepped up for Motorola as they seem to do for most of the cell phone manufactures . The phone looks great on its own but if you want to protect it , this case is excellent . The fit is very good , with openings and plastic where they should be . This case was made for the V60 and only the V60 . If you want to protect your phone without loosing its slim design the price and quality are worth the investment . If you are looking for a protective case for your V60 phone , this is the one to get , it is slim , durable , attractive and a perfect fit .
 OEM accessories are supposed to be superior than aftermarket copies , in style and function . However , Motorola missed the boat here . I bought their ` leather ' case , and was very disappointed . I read the reviews for the Body Glove Ion and went out and bought one . I have not been disappointed . There is no comparision between the Ion and the OEM case . The Ion is far superior in construction , style , and function . All the necessary holes are punched out exactly where they should be . The stitching appears to be more precise , and the overall fit for my V60i is much better . The dimensions of this case ` hug ' the phone much better , thus it shows off the phone 's clean lines . The low-profile design equals less bulk . Motorola engineers need to go on a field trip to the Body Glove offices to see how the competition is running circles around them in the accessories market .
 I had an Ion cover for a Nokia phone I had and was very pleased with it . When I bought the V60 , I got another Ion cover for it . I like that it is slim and does n't cause the phone to stick far out from my waist line like the clip that came with the phone . I also like how it protects the phone . I work in a harsh manufacturing environment where water , chemicals , and abrasions wreak havoc on my cell phones . This is by far the best protection I 've found for any of my phones .
 I bought this case based on reviews of a bunch of cases for the V60 series phones . It does fit snugly , but at least in my case it is such a tight fit that the bottom half of the case never wants to stay all the way on , and tends to slide down juuuust a tad , like a couple millimeters or so . That 's just a picky aesthetic thing , though , and does n't affect the functionality . The case is definitely well constructed -- it 's not going to fall apart , even at stress points . It has openings in all the right places , and the clip is very sturdy and low-profile . I do miss the shiny case of the bare phone , but obviously that 's a sacrifice one has to make in order to protect the phone . A nice side effect of the case is that it makes it much easier to open the phone with one hand to take a call , because it 's easier to slip your thumb between the two parts of the case than between the two halves of the phone itself . However , the case does increase the thickness of the phone from just about an inch , to a good inch and a half . I 'm not wild about that , but all cases increase the bulk , and after looking at a lot of cases , I still think this is the best-made and best-fitting , and even though it 's expensive , I would buy it again .
 I bought this one for me because it matches my phone color.Pros
 What do you say ? A charger either works or it does n't . This one does . It would be nice if the cord was straight instead of coiled as the coils try to pull the connector out of the phone if you have them stretched .
 A very good product and would recommend this to anyone .
 The extra life it provides is great . but it is too big and protrudes from the back of the phone . This prevents many of the covers for this phone from fitting . It also makes it awkward to use while sitting flat on its battery side . If not for those 2 little problems I would give it 5 stars hands down .
 I just received the battery about 1 month ageo . Good so far . batteries life over time will be reduced but I 'm happy with the out of the box performance thus far .
 This LG OEM VX8500 extended battery arrived very quicky via ground transportation in perfect shape . I plugged it in and was up and operating for the next 3 days without recharging ! I 've now replaced both of our VX8500 cell phone batteries and we 're extremely happy with the extended power . The phones only need recharging once a week , which is just great ! These exetended batteries should last at least 3-4 times longer comparied to the original batteries due to charging them less . I would defintely buy from this seller again !
 Before getting this battery I had the stock battery for a year and a half . I plugged it in every night and towards the end I could n't even make 1 call on full charge . I got this one , and charged it once , and I do n't charge it unless it is completely dead . It lasts a WEEK !!! Very happy !
 The battery was new and very inexpensive . I am very pleased with the battery . Shipment received in about 1 week as stated in advertisment .
 I was n't aware of what an extended battery was when I initially purchased this item , but I love the battery . The battery can last for several days with one or two conversations on the phone . The only downside is the fact that it is physically larger than the original battery and sticks out of the battery pack . Otherwise , this is a great purchase .
 I inserted the battery and started to use it hoping that it would consume all the energy left , then I was going to charge it for one day -LRB- first time use -RRB- ... It has n't turned off in 5 days ! cool ! ...
 great product but is does have a glich . When charging the battery , and you restart the cp , it give me a message , `` use original battery '' and will start a 10 second count down and shut the cp off . This will happen at least 3 time . To restart the cp I need to plug the charger back and restart the cp at least twice .
 If you are looking for a replacement battery for your LG phone , this is the one to get . I needed one for my phone and Verizon wanted $ 39.95 for it . This one was a lot cheaper and seems to last forever . My old battery -LRB- even new -RRB- would only last a day . This battery last 2 - 3 days before I charge it . -LRB- even then it has 2 bars left -RRB- And the replacement cover fits well and will fit in your phone case perfectly . Awesome product !!
 My original battery for the LG VX 8100 was never great , but after the 6 month period it would die after 2 phone calls which totaled 2 phone calls.This extended battery is awesome . I made a ton of calls , sent texts and pics , and it stays at fully charged for over 2 days . The price is MUCH cheaper than my service carrier 's , who wanted to charge me $ 42 for the same thing . It needs an overnight charge about once a week ! Love it !
 The battery is great , I 've charged it once in a week -LRB- with plenty of web/talk time on it -RRB- . It 's still holding at 2 bars . The cover does n't quite snap back into place and has a tendency of falling off at random ... Still , not bad for the price , and certainly cheaper than an original LG/Verizon battery
 I 'm not sure what these last few negative reports are about ! It 's weird that they all come one right after the other . If I was a suspicious type ... but I 'm not . Maybe there was a bad manufacturing run , or some people just had real bad luck , but my experience has been excellent . As long as I 'm on the subject of negative reviews - I 've got tons of third party software loaded and this treo is more stable than the Windows XP desktop that I 'm typing this review on . It does crash , but , very , very infrequently.In fact , this has been the best piece of electronic equipment I have ever owned . I 've had it since the month it was released , and I 'm still using it all day , every day , even up to now.I 've used it with two different carriers - first Cingular and then T-Mobile . It has had excellent reception , -LRB- better than my wife 's Nokia -RRB- , from both carriers.And it is pretty rugged . I 've dropped it
 This phone works everywhere in the world , -LRB- anywhere there is GSM service -RRB- Being unlocked , you can use local Simm cards in each country , or purchase an international simm card . The Simm card slot is very easily accessible , too -LRB- no need to pull out batteries , ect . -RRB- The Palm pilot is great , and very useful for travelers with many currency conversion , language softwares available for it . Texting from a Treo is way easier than typical mobile phones , because you have a full keyboard . International SMS -LRB- text -RRB- messages are typically very affordable , too , and a great way to keep in touch while abroad without spending alot on airtime . . i highly recommend this treo for overseas travellers . If you 're staying in the states , this phone will work well with Cingular or T mobile too.Price is reasonable because the the treo 650 and 700 are now out . the 650 adds bluetooth , and a removable battery . the 700 uses microsoft software instead of palm software . -LRB- i am a huge fan of the palm software for organizing my life . . -RRB- But unlocked versions of these newer models are at least $ 200-300 more in price , and the 600 works great . Battery life is fine because its a GSM phone .
 Everyone in my family now owns a Treo , and each one of us has only good things to say about it . The phone gets excellent reception ; whereas I 've heard many people in my town complain about getting poor service on their cell phones , I have never been unable to place a call on my Treo or been cut off during the middle of a conversation.Those unfamiliar with the Palm OS will find it wonderfully easy to navigate and to configure . Furthermore , there is a vast and diverse array of progams one can download for the Palm OS , ranging from games , e-texts and MP3 player software to business applications , medical references and legal dictionaries.I originally had some qualms about the fact that the Treo had a keyboard instead of the graffiti system to which I was accustomed , but I 've come to prefer the keyboard . I can write with the Treo keyboard much more quickly and conveniently than I could write with the graffiti system on other Palm Pilots . That being said , those who prefer graffiti to the keyboard can always download programs that enable one to write with graffiti directly onto the screen . Also , I 've found the Palm Portable Keyboard -LRB- sold separately -RRB- to be very helpful and easy to use when I need to write more than a few lines , and I would recommend purchasing that item as well.My heart goes out to other reviewers who have found their Treos to be fragile , but I can not claim to have had the same experience . My Treo has gone everywhere with me during the past year and has hardily withstood much wear and tear during that time . I 've dropped it a few times without any consequences . Furthermore the screen is as bright and easy to see now as it was when I first got it.The camera part of the phone is admittedly lacking in quality . On the rare occasion when I need to use my Treo to take a picture of something , I make sure to take several different pictures on the theory that at least one will turn out as a passable representation of what I was trying to photograph . But the Treo 's advantages as a phone , a Web browser , a word processor and a PDA far outweigh any inadequacies the camera presents.In summary , my Treo is easily one of the best electronic items I 've ever owned , and I would highly reccomend it over any other phone and any other PDA .
 A few friends bought the 600 when it first came out -- nightmare quality problems . But it looks like Palm 's worked the bugs out , and prices are coming down because of the 650 . I have Cingular service and it works great just about anywhere ; if you travel around the country Cingular or Verizon are safe -LRB- but relatively expensive -RRB- bets . The only difficulty I have with the 600 is the keypad -- the keys are small packed tightly together . Otherwise , screen navigation is easy , battery life good , phone sound quality better than any standard cell phone I 've used .
 exact product at an affordable price w a smooth transaction
 It 's a very nice phone !!!!!!!
 I have had this phone for over a year and was pleased with every aspect of it , other than its size . For anyone shopping for a PDA and wants it to have phone and internet capability you realy can not go wrong with this one , especialy since the price has gone down dramaticaly after the introduction of the Treo 650 which if you have the money has some nice upgrades that would have made my life easier .
 I 've owned my Treo 600 , bought via Amazon , for about 4 months now and I am really enjoying it . I had previously owned an old Palm V , and then an HP Jornada , but found , lacking a utility belt , carrying a PDA in addition to a cell phone annoying to the point that I eventually abandoned PDA use . The Treo has brought me back.As a writer , I 've been able to work on manuscripts -LRB- via QuickOffice -RRB- any time , any place -LRB- indeed , I probably did 25 % of the editing for my latest novel on my Treo -RRB- which in invaluable . The phone functions clearly , and the camera lets me take photos -LRB- albeit low-res -RRB- on the go , which is handy to capture family moments and work diagrams equally well.With the free CoreMedia player , DVD/AVI conversion software , and a 1G card , I 've even been able to take my favorite movies with me on the go , and watch martial arts instructionals any time.Only downsides are the lack of higher screen resolution and the inability to preserve data when fully discharged . I understand these are both fixed on the Treo 650 , so perhaps I 'll look into upgrading in a year or two.Definately my favorite gadget to date !
 Picture quality sucks for the price . Colors are way freaky . The screen is perfect for text but not for pictures . Viewing pictures on this is terrible . Keyboard is ackward at first . The manual needs to be much more detailed . Sorta confusing to use if not familliar with palm pilots . I expected to use it like a typical pilot , where you write on the screen . This feature is not implemented . Overall , this is a very good phone . Good reception , great sound quality !! Speakerphone is great ! Neat features . Worth the $ $ .
 Well , as an early adapter , I guess I should be used to taking it hard . I bought Verizon 's PalmOne Treo 600 the first day it came out - over a year after AT&T ; , Sprint , and other comapnies released it . My plan is 400 anytime minutes , unlimited in-network calling , unlimited nights and weekend , and $ 5 for Internet access a month . Unless I go over , it should cost me $ 49.95 a month . I just got my first bill . $ 1,641.66 . It turns out that the connection to the Internet does n't shut off - even if you chose `` Disconnect '' from the web browser 's menu . Even if you turn off the unit . It continues to ping the Internet looking for data every six minutes . Hence my bill show some 1023-minute calls.Steve in Verizon 's data division said they 've received a lot of calls on this issue and is n't sure why they even offer the $ 5 web-only feature , when customers need to get the $ 49.95 / month unlimited data transfer or deal with $ 1,000-plus monthly bills . When I asked if there was a way to stop the pinging every six minutes , I was told no , `` it 's a data phone first and a cell phone second . `` Interesting , as my friends who have the phone with other carriers have never had this problem . Interesting , as I was never told this when I bought it . All I wanted was a freakin ' cell/PDA combo , so I do n't have to carry both with me , making me look like I 'm sporting a chubby in two pockets at once . With Verizon , the cost for doing so is $ 44.95 plus your calling plan a month , which for me will come to about $ 100 . After 58 minutes , I was told my bill should be adjusted within 24 to 48 hours.Also , on Verizon Wireless 's PalmOne Treo 600 Smartphone web page it lists a 5 MB transfer for only $ 24.95 . When I asked the technical rep about that option , he said getting it would still cause a Treo 600 owner 's bill to be over $ 1,000 a month . He said it was up there for use with other phones . He had no answer when I said there are no other phones on that page.Now , I probably could return the Treo 600 - except I already sold my old phone and Palm on eBay.Of course , if I could just get a free minute for every time I heard `` Oh , that 's the new phone . I 'm not familiar with it '' none of this would be an issue.Buy the phone from AT&T ; , Sprint , Cingular , or another carrier and do n't deal with the problems I had with Verizon Wireless . The phone is great !
 Okay , this phone is n't perfect but it gets 5 stars . Why ? Because at this moment its the best value for your money . Sure , the 650 is better , but unless you want to lock yourself into a 2 year contract its going to cost significantly more . Other comparable options cost similar to the 650 . What I use it for
 Just like anything else ... I guess a lot depends on our expectations before purchasing the device . With the Treo600 I expected some compramises in the pda functioning and cell phone features . This device does an excellent job in combining both in a neat package . Everything I have used it for works well and is reliable . Good signal strength , clear calls -LRB- with Verizon NYC -RRB- My PDA software works seamlessly -LRB- epocrates , pediasuite , worldmate etc. . I do n't have much negative to say about this device . It is everything I expected ; a functional reliable pda and cell phone . Good expandability with S/D-I/O slot.However , some negatives ... it is pricey , no bluetooth or wi-fi , no voicedial , screen is not highest of resolutions ... but then again , I rather have the good battery life and smaller package.All in all exceleent useful device . I am very happy with my t600
 I have just received my treo 600 from Amazon . Brilliant service and bang on time.I read the previous reviews and was concerned about buying this phone.However , I do believe that there were some bad phones around initially ... -LRB- the treo 600 came out in 2002/3 if my memory serves me correctly -RRB- . The phone you buy today is bug free -LRB- well mine is ?? -RRB- . This phone is the best I have ever purchased - and is pretty easy to use . I had a treo 270 some time ago - but dropped it and it was not worth repairing.There is no comparison between the two - and I think the palm Os is better . The battery life is as stated , and it easily pulls in my GSM signal at the extremities of the cell range . So why all the bad reviews ? Frankly , I dont know why.You dont need the 650 . But I must admit , that I never seem to get the lemons ???
 This phone is just what I was looking for
 I was in the market for a phone , and I gave this a try , because I liked the fact that I could carry this around instead of a phone , an MP3-player , and a PDA . Although I list more cons than pros here , I really do like the phone a lot , and I would recommend it -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- . The cons are minor things that I think would be a nice addition , and some people might find it helpful.Pros : - Combines a phone , MP3 player , and PDA in a nice package that fits in my hand . All three have functioned very well for me . - QWERTY keyboard -LRB- though it is a bit small -RRB- - PalmOS -LRB- standard PDA OS ; easy to synchronize with your computer -RRB- Cons : - No bluetooth -LRB- not a big deal for me -RRB- - No WiFi - Audio quality -LRB- phone is so-so , MP3 is decent -RRB- - Low-resolution screen -LRB- 650 is high-res -RRB- - Requires special adapter for listening to MP3s -LRB- you ca n't simply get a 2.5mm-to-stereo adapter from RadioShack . Otherwise the phone uses its speakers to play the music -RRB- - The camera is pretty much useless at VGA-quality , and do n't even bother taking indoor pictures.I would also recommend getting the following accessories : - ZipLinq retractable USB sync cable -LRB- ~ $ 30 ; also charges the phone -RRB- - Seidio earbuds/headphones -LRB- ~ $ 30 ; made for Treos , you can listen to music with this one -RRB- - SD memory card -LRB- for MP3 's -RRB- - a case -LRB- under $ 30 - if you do n't want to keep it in your pocket -RRB- - PDANet software -LRB- $ 30 - allows you to use the phone as a wireless modem if you have Internet access in your phone plan -RRB- One last thing is , you can get a pretty decent GPS unit for another $ 150 .
 I have heard a lot of bad comments about this product . I think the problem is that there have been different versions of the Treo 600 . But the one I had was perfect , had it for a year and never gave me a problem , even dropped it a few times . I recently got my Treo 650 and gave the 600 to a friend ; this one is so much better . I 'm happy :-RRB- .
 I bought this phone 2 months back . This looks good and it has more functionality of PDA and also works as a good mobile phone . The concern here is some time when you make a call it is not getting disconnected and we need to switch off the mobile mode.The speaker phone quality is good and talk time is also good.I recommend you can buy this but see for better option also .
 I transitioned from a regular cell phone and a palm vx to this treo 600 . The 650 was not available at that time.This phone works great . It crapped out once and all data was lost -LRB- synch backup a week before -RRB- . Otherwise it works great.Pluses : - Palm functionality integrated well with phone functionality . - SD Card reader - Camera - backlight keyboardMinuses : - Very slow data transfer via synch - instead transfer via sd card - low res screen - camera is pretty poor in quality , but comparable to some first generation camera phones - small keyboard buttons - need adapter to use headphones - very low volume speaker and poor quality speakerphone - No graffiti pad - Not bluetooth or Wifi -LRB- although I heard you can get a wifi sd card -RRB- I would highly recommend you get a nice case to protect this phone and screen protectors to minimize damage to the screen .
 Good tricky phone!Proseasy to use ; good battery ; there are thousends of softwares available to leave you notebook home ; you can use it as your MP3 player ; easy text writingConsthe software sometimes freezes ;
 The Treo600 has all the functions I needed -- phone , calendar , camera , etc. . Two shortcomings :1 -RRB- the screen is not good for viewing pictures , but that 's what I get for being unwilling to spend more for a Treo6502 -RRB- the phone failed to dial two times in two months . I had to turn off the phone and on again to fix the problem .
 I was a little scared about getting a refub item but I am very please with my Palm Treo 600 it works very well and i was able to hook it up with T mobil
 The Palm Treo 600 has worked flawlessly since day one - if it would work with the CDMA system Verizon is on -LRB- the only service I get at our new house -RRB- I would definitely keep it , but its on GSM with Cingular/ATT which has incredibly poor service in my new area . If there is any service available this phone will pick it up where others wont . Add to it all the features this smartphone adds and its a great piece of equipment at a now killer price since the new models have emerged -LRB- & are having problems this older model doesnt -RRB- . IMO you cant go wrong with this phone , and I have 3 other friends with the sale model that love it just as much .
 I 've had my screen protector on my Motorola Droid for over a year . You ca n't even tell it 's there . Installation was a breeze .
 I have never had a screen protector before so I can not compare it to others , but this product works perfectly . I really like the fact that it is reusable which came in handy when I had to get my phone replaced . It is a little tricky to get it placed perfectly without any dust on the wrong side , but I think it is worth it none the less . It is fairly thick so protects the screen very well . It does not distort or blur the image at all . I will buy this brand again if I ever need a different one .
 So I got the Droid for Christmas ... Awesome , right ? My husband gets me a case and some crap-tacular screen protectors -LRB- NOT THESE AWESOME BOXWAVE ONES -RRB- . He got ones that I have to measure and cut to fit the screen , including rounding out my own corners . They are n't reusable and before I get even get it down and on the screen , every microbe and fuzz particle in a 12 foot radius as attached itself to this thing . Not to mention there is no cut out for the speaker , so no matter how high I turn up the volume , it sounds like the other person is was in a can.Then I remember buying a BoxWave screen protector for my LG Dare , and from the day I put it on , I forgot it was even there ... SERIOUSLY . They fit so seemlessly that when my husband inherited my Dare , the first thing he said was `` I 'm going to need a screen protector '' . When I told him there was already one on it , he did n't believe me ! I bought the BoxWave anti-glare one for the Dare , and it had been on there for EIGHT MONTHS without one single issue . No shifting , no bubbling , no peeling , not even a scratch , NOTHING!I could n't be more happier with my new one for the Droid . I bought the crystal this time ... Once again a product perfection ! 2 minutes and it was on and done . It comes with a lint free shammy to clean your phone prior to putting the protector on , an applicator card to slide out the bubbles , and clear instructions . The protector itself , has peel offs on both sides to ensure clean application . IT 'S REALLY EASY . It 's reusable , washable , no cutting , no sizing , no getting pissed off at air bubbles , and from the time you put it on , wiping off your `` face marks '' from the phone 's screen is much easier . This is the best investment for your phone , of any brand ... if Box Wave makes one for your model ... BUY IT ! I will never buy another brand again .
 The Nokia belt clip works like this
 These are the best way to carry a phone I 've found . However , I 'm on my third clip . The rivet is of softer metals , so you WILL go through these . Fortunately , they 're cheap , and sometimes covered by warantee . They ARE much better than the leather cases , which I 've also tried .
 I 've been using this clip on my Nokia 6160 for around two years and would not replace it for anything ! I 'd tried a leather carrying case but found that the clip was centered too low on the phone -- when it was on my waist , I was poked by the antannea . This clip rides high on the phone making it perfect for the belt , or clipped to the inside of my bag . The fact that it is not adhesive , but fits into the case of the phone makes installation easy . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a quick , easy way to access their phone .
 Main problem with the clip is that the button will break before the clip does ... However , it 's only ... bucks and is SOOOOO convenient ... I 'd buy one every 2-months if necessary.However , I have had three in the last year and a half . One I lost , another I broke , the last I lost the button ... Great product !! Ignore these other negative reviews ... you 'll love it !!
 I think it 's very convenient , and I like the easy and secure click-in , click-out functionality . Like many complaints here , I 've broken one in the last year -LRB- I twisted it getting out of my car with it -RRB- . I just brought it to the Cingluar store , and they replaced it , no questions asked , no receipt requested . I 'm guessing this happens with a certain degree of regularity , and since it costs them about 28 cents to make these , I do n't think they mind replacing them . If there 's a better option out there for the 7100 , I 'd love to know about it.Warning - if you 've got a nice belt and actually plan on clipping this thing to it , the clip will damage the belt over time , and wear off the leather finish . I just clip mine to my pocket now , although I 'm sure if I were to line the inside of the clip with felt or something , it 'd be better . Get one - you 'll like it . And if it breaks , bring it back to your phone dealer and get a new one .
 This is a `` must have '' accessory for your cell phone if you enjoy the outdoors . The case protects your cell phone from rain , sleat , snow , dust and the sun when your out and about . I enjoy sailing , biking and photography and this case protects my phone from all the elements , not to mention the odd drop . The case has a very strong belt clip that dose not bend like the metal ones , the cover has a snap to keep it closed and it has a pocket on the inside that you slip the cell 's flip into so when the phone ring you just open to answer . I gave the case a 4 because of its only falt , that it the small slit in the bottom of the case that allows you to plug in accessorys without taking of the case , it has not reinforcing round the slit so it just rips through time . So Body Glove how about some stitching round it like a button hole ????
 I prefer keypads over touch screen keys . Overall this is a good product . When you slide the keyboard out you have to touch a key to wake up the device . I would prefer the keyboard woke up/functioned right away by sliding it out , that way you would save time and the hassle of waking it up first .
 Firstly , this is n't the best keyboard case I have ever owned or as durable as other keyboards available for the iPhone 4 , but it works great with me . Like any other keyboard , it will take a while to get used to typing on , as well as learning the appropriate commands and shortcuts . I believe over time , once the keys become a little more worn in , this keyboard will feel just as comfortable as my other keyboards from previous devices.Although , the only concern I am having with this product overall , is when the device is moved you can hear a light shaking sound ; meaning either something loose inside the device or just the design of the keyboard itself causes this sound . Other than that , this is an overall great device.Lastly , I have n't had any issues with the bluetooth pairing or with the sync with the bluetooth device itself . This keyboard is very light and thin . . so do n't drop it . I hope my review helps anyone looking for a keyboard , just be aware if you are looking for the `` perfect '' iPhone keyboard , this probably is n't what you are looking for .
 This cover feel so comfortable in you hand while the phone is in use . The handy clip also is very useful when carying the phone . This case is stylish and fits the phone very well . I would recomend this cell phone cover to anyone .
 Being a person who like to protect the items I buy , I searched around for the best product for my new Samsung 8500 phone . I started looking at the Samsung branded leather case . It did not seem to fit well or have great build quality . The clip on back adds to the thickness and does not serve as a great belt clip.The second unit that I considered was from Vaja -LRB- www.vaja.com.ar -RRB- . While it is a good quality product it does not work well with the extended battery pack -LRB- not designed to -RRB- . It has a great belt clip , although the stud on the back does concern me.I finally decided to get the Body Glove Cellsuit . I could not be more pleased . The quality of construction is good . The material is thick and allows me to feel comfotable using the phone . It works well with both the normal and extended battery packs . The clip on the back does add thickness to the unit . It does seem to work decently as a belt clip . The neckstrap is interesting as well . I would prefer a unit without the belt clip . The clip could be removed -LRB- cut off -RRB- , but then you would lose the ability to use the neck strap .
 I had been hunting for a decent case to protect the pricey new Samsung phone I just bought , only to see a bunch of over-priced junk out there . Usually 2 inches of leather and mostly plastic that sort-of fit the phone ... might as well wrap it up in a Zip-lock bag.Then I saw the Body Glove CellSuit ... I asked the sales rep if it would protect the phone if I dropped it . Yep ... demonstrated it by letting gravity do its thing on his own phone and it was so well protected it practically bounced . The CellSuit is completely custom-fitted for this particular phone and ... well ... fits like you know what . When the clam-shell is closed , all sides are covered except where the cell phone 's jacks/buttoms are located . Better yet , when the cell phone is opened , the ear piece and area around the microphone hole are also covered ... so no schmutz , spattle , make-up or whatever graces your phone after someone else uses it.The bonus is that it 's comfortable to wrap up the phone to your hand or arm/hang over your neck with the included long strap and it 's easy on your eyes , as well as your hands . Although I have n't used the small belt-clip attached to the back , it looks like it would be comfortable to wear . Bottom line ... it fits and performs . And looks cool doing it .
 Although this case is significantly more expensive than it 's leather counterparts , the style makes up for the cost difference . I 've only had the case a few days now , but already I am getting compliments . I 'm usually not one to hype any product , but Body Glove gets kudos on this one . All the buttons and accessory holes are accessible , as though the case was n't even there . You do have to use a car or portable charger that plugs into the bottom , but my desk charger was free anyway , so no big loss . Also , the strap is a very handy addition , and the belt clip works fine . If only every accessory product I own was as well matched to my phone as this case .
 The Samsung SCH-8500 is my second cell phone . The problem I was finding with this phone and the one I had before is that the cases never fit the product well and make the phone too bulky . This case truly fits like a `` glove '' and it 's quite compact . The cord to put around your neck is great too . I love having the option of securing the phone to my body without using the belt clip . This is a great case !
 Bought this for my new Samsung phone I just purchased from Sprint . The case is great . It works very well . The only thing I do n't like is the belt clip . It could have been better . When you have it attached to your belt if you hit it on something it want always hold the phone . But the cover gives great protection . I would recommend this one over any of the other covers out there .
 I have looked around quite a bit for `` the best '' phone case . The CellSuite gets the distinction . It fits perfectly , has obvious quality built in , looks good , and most importantly
 I 'll admit I 'm very rough on things . This case held up for about a year before it fully failed . The clip pivots and holds tight . It 's easy to get the phone in and out of the case . Lastly , it does not obstruct the use of the buttons and other ports on the phone . I 'm buying another one .
 The Body Glove `` Cellsuit '' is the best acc . for cell phones , since the invention of car-chargers . I 've owned this product for about one year and I could not be more satifed the proformance & durabilaty of the `` Cellsuit '' . This phone-case out proforms all , -LRB- even in higher price-points -RRB- . If one truley wants to protect there `` beloved '' cell phone , `` This item is A MUST HAVE '' ! . The sleek case fits snuggley on the phone , and provides excelent protection against those awfull drops , scratches , and even the occational case of light moisture . By wrapping the cell in `` Neoprene '' , Body Glove has found a great way to improve the life and durabilty of all Nokia 5100/6100 series phones .
 it is good and i like it
 Just got one of these to replace a worn out leather case for my Samsung 3500 . This fits and protects better than leather but does not soak up moisture like leather does . The only part of the phone left unprotected is the flip -LRB- earpiece -RRB- leaving it susceptible to possible scratching if you bump into something with the phone .
 This head set is great . The only complaint is that it does not have a volume level control . This works great with the Nokia 7160 I have . It is very handy and would strongly recommend for anyone that needs a hands-free headset .
 I love this headset ... it works great , have not had any major problems with it , or people complaining that they can not hear me . The only problem is that when you are driving , the wind from the open windows does hamper it somewhat , but other than that , no complaints !
 So far , I have bought 5 different kinds of headsets to use with cell/cordless phones . The BODY GLOVE EARGLOVE is fantastic ! At first I was doubtful because of the brightcolored interchangable `` neosleeve '' covers . . -LRB- I assumed it was a product geared towards kids & therefore COMFORT was probably low on the list -RRB- Was I surprised ! Earphone and mic has better quality sound than my other fav plantronics . It truely `` fits like a glove '' is extremely liteweight & COMFORTABLE and most important of all
 We bought two different `` eargloves '' this one is clearer and works well over the ear . Just plug it in and go . Has clear sound for the caller and receiver .
 This is without a doubt the best handsfree cell phone device I 've tried . I 've bought
 I like this earpiece . Better than the Nokia and the Andrews version.Body glove fits snugly around my ear , you can bend the ear bracket to fit eactly , and the earpiece is very good quality . At first , I started shouting , cause I was afraid with the tiny mice up by my cheek it would n't be loud enough , but everyone I talked to said `` why are you shouting '' . I think it works even better than the Nokia phone . I can set the phone to auto-answer my calls , and I do n't have to worry about getting brain cancer cause I 'm not holding the phone up to my ear all day . Now I 'll just get hip cancer , from carrying the phone on my belt . :--RRB- Plus you feel like a CIA agent , with this earpeice tucked around your ear , people look at you like you 're undercover . It 's really funny when you answer a call and start talking , and people think you 're talking to yourself . I do n't have much use for the different color mic wraps , but if I 'm ever in LA , I 'll make sure they match my leg warmers -LRB- ha ha -RRB- : - -RRB-
 I 've been using this headset while driving and it works great . The microphone picks up my voice easily and people hear me clearly . The ear piece works well . I can hear the person on the other end of the line without any distortion . It is unobstrusive and comfortable . A great buy !
 `` The best I 've found '' does n't necessarily mean this product is perfect . However , it has a piece that fits behind your ear , so it does n't just fall out , like plain ear buds do -LRB- I must have funny shaped ears , because I just ca n't get those to stay -RRB- . I will admit , the first one I owned did fall apart -LRB- the rubber ring came off the earbud and would n't stay when I put it back together -RRB- , but I chalked it up to my fooling around with it and trying to add other parts to the ear bud to make it more comfy . So I bought another , left it as-is , and I 've loved it . I have owned other behind-the-ear headsets , but none is as comfortable.As to sound quality , I 've never had problems hearing the other person and I 've never had complaints that they ca n't hear me when I 'm wearing this headset.In all , once you find the trick to keeping it on and then leaving it alone , it 'll stay on for HOURS . Believe me , I 've had to wear mine for hours at a time .
 Fits well and the sound is excellent ! And the colorful pads certainly has a color to fit your personality ! The ear band holds it much more securly in place than the earbuds i have used before ! i do n't have to fiddle with it while im driving which would of course defeat the purpose of handsfree . . Get one !
 After buying both the Body Glove Earglove Hands-Free Headset for Ericsson Phones and a Platronic headset in recent months , I am very impressed with the Body Glove headset . It has better sound , is more comfortable , and is more adaptable than its competitor . It does not need and adapter like most headsets and is a great price for the product Body Glove provides . It is a must have .
 Very easy to use - Sound quality is very good .
 I recently purchased this phone from amazon.com for 99.99 , Im telling you this was definatly worth it . This is one of the best phones out there now , All the good features . This phone is really worth it , And the t-mobile service is great to . Dont waste anytime , Hurry Up and purchace this phone ... . Motorola T722i
 THis phone is clear in color and has the best downloads ! Motorola 's best ! The camera takes ultra clear digital pictures you can send to your friends ! Be sure to get tzones to download songs like `` Wanksta '' by 50 cent ! This phone also has the best reciption ! It 's AWESOME ! BUY IT NOW !
 where can i get a new faceplate for this phone ??
 i have t720 but this is the same just upgraded it has to be real cool
 I started out with the Nokia 3390 . Man i loved my phone , but i had always wanted a flip phone . so i got the Motorola V66 . Man i loved my phone , but then i wanted one with a camera attachment . So i got the Motorola T722i phone . It 's an upgrade of the T720i phone . This is actually a pretty good phone to use . The features are cool . The included ringtones are pretty cool to hear , the only thing is that it is kind of low , even if its on the highes volume level . Also has voice activated dialing . Comes in handy alot . One thing that i did not like is that it only comes with 1 game , and it gets very boring . and you can only have 1 game on the phone at a time . What that means is that you can buy other games , but not from the tmobile website , from the motorola website , they offer great games , but you 'd have to delete your current game to install a new one . another bad thing is the screensaver . the screensavers are cute and look pretty funny , but they 'll only work if the phone goes idle for more than 1 min.and by then the backlight on the phone turns off , and the only way you 'd be able to see the screensaver is if you keep the phone open since it is a flip phone , because if you close the phone , then open it , it comes back to the main screen , so there is ABSOLUTELY NO point for the screensavers unless you want to take a look at them . the camera quality is not excellent unless in light , but the good thing is that you can actually place pictures you 've taken on the wallpaper , and they actually come out a little better , and look real cool there . now some good things are the phone 's look itself . the sleek silver style says it all . the buttons are very easy to use and access unlike other phones . two side buttons allow for easy and quick access of the phones volume , whether it be ringer volume , or talk volume.while on the phone , it sounds very good , and very loud , sometimes have to actually lower the volume so others cant hear my conversation with the ohter person . external caller ID is great.Personlization is also great , change colors of the screen , or the menu type . very handy feature if you like changes . Service is VERY good with the phone , although for some reason , i can NEVER talk longer than 2 hours , cause it always ends the call . it always ends the call at 2:00:01 talk time , maybe it 's just mine though.Battery life is very good , even talk time.and charges pretty quick . GREAT PHONE TO GET if looking for a cheaper version of the other camera phones , very nice phone .
 I purchased the T722i from the T-Mobile website . It 's a great phone . It 's a combination of Motorola 's T720 and the V60 models . The T722i has a camera attachment and one should be very careful as not to lose it . Aside from the camera attachment , it has a number of good features that other cell phone manufacturers have not produced yet . It 's very compact and light . A large LCD with color is also a plus . If you plan on getting this phone do n't forget to get a case for it to protect the large LCD screen which is very fragile meaning do n't get any water or perspiration on it . Overall , it 's a great phone and can be a great topic during a conversation .
 I have had the phone for a week . So far it has been great . Need to charge the battery about every 2 days . As just a phone is great . Calls are loud and clear , and get good reception , although that is mostly due to t-mobile . The camera is more of a toy , and the pictures are just ok . But if you keep the camera attachment on your keychain , then its good to have for all those times you wish you had a camera . Ringtones again sound ok , but the great thing is that they are just midi files , so you can use t-zones to go to any site with the midi 's and dload rings for free , and there are some great loud ones out there . I have used the s105 as well . It 's ringtones sound nicer , but are a propriatery format , so can only seem to get them from t-mobile for a fee . The t722i 's screen isnt as nice and bright indoors as the s105 , but it works much better in the bright sun -LRB- the s105 is difficult to see -RRB- . Text input is excellent with motorola 's adaptive input . Just type the # 's and a list of the possible words are listed at the bottom , most common listed first . I found it to be much better than the entry of the s105 , which i would usually turn of the guessing and just hit the # 's for the letters in the standard entry . Overall I highly recommend the t722i .
 This phone is pretty good compared to others . My girlfriend has a Samsung V205 and it doesnt seem to be much better . The keypad -LSB- is weak -RSB- for dialing and the battery life is awful . But the T722i is different . Sure sometimes it can be a little slow when you press a button but thats not a big problem . The T722i has great battery life ... with up to 2 hours talk time a day the battery lasted about three days without charge . -LRB- The Samsung V205 can not compare -RRB- . The features are nice . With tmobile the tzones internet is not bad . The camera attachment can be better . It does need a lot of light but even then it does not give great resolution at all.Overall I am satisfied with this phone . T-Mobile is great . No problems with their network whatsoever .
 From all the manufacturer descriptions and images , i expected this phone to be a state of the art powerhouse . this is not the case when I got it . The picture quality is absolutely horrible , but looks better on the PC . Whoever said that you could not save pictures you take with the camera as background images is not true . i have , and its great . The navigation is slightly confusing , but once you get the hang of it , it will be a pleasure to use . Just read the menu , some short cuts can be confusing since the navigation is highly iconized . The battery life is disappointing and the color screen is a bit on the washed off side , but adjusting the contrast can help a little . The phone has great looks , sleek , sexy , and has a boxy feel which is swell . the material used to assemble the phone looks great but has a cheap feel . The screen is large and i like the shiny border . The signal is good in CA with T-mobile . T-mobile has the best plans compared to other providers . The phone comes with many accessories , including the camera . The camera lens can be manually rotated so you can take pictures of yourself easily . The phone does take a long time to load , but patience is a virtue , and plus no one really turns their phone on and off very much . The games are entertaining , but please expect to pay more to download more . There is only one game ! The ringtones are dissappointing , compared to my sony erricsson t300 . To sum it all up , this phone is overrated , but it is not your average lil flip phone . it is flooded with features , but if you crave for more personalization , you gots to sacrifice some benjamins . This phone is ideal for a teenager.PROS
 Buying the t722i phone at amzaon and transfering my existing t-mobile service was a breeze . T-zones is slow but useful . Camera feels cheap and does not attach to the phone snuggly enough which causes intermittent disconnect . As a cell phone , I love it . Color screen , good menu layout , feels , looks and sounds great . Lots of bells and whistles . Good battery life if you do n't use the camera too much . Great belt clip . Overall happy with it after 1 month.I have looked at other reviews . I do n't know why I have no voting buttons .
 I have had the phone for a week . So far it has been great . Need to charge the battery about every 2 days . As just a phone is great . Calls are loud and clear , and get good reception , although that is mostly due to t-mobile . The camera is more of a toy , and the pictures are just ok . But if you keep the camera attachment on your keychain , then its good to have for all those times you wish you had a camera . Ringtones again sound ok , but the great thing is that they are just midi files , so you can use t-zones to go to any site with the midi 's and dload rings for free , and there are some great loud ones out there . I have used the s105 as well . It 's ringtones sound nicer , but are a propriatery format , so can only seem to get them from t-mobile for a fee . The t722i 's screen isnt as nice and bright indoors as the s105 , but it works much better in the bright sun -LRB- the s105 is difficult to see -RRB- . Text input is excellent with motorola 's adaptive input . Just type the # 's and a list of the possible words are listed at the bottom , most common listed first . I found it to be much better than the entry of the s105 , which i would usually turn of the guessing and just hit the # 's for the letters in the standard entry . Overall I highly recommend the t722i .
 I have 2 cell phones and account -LRB- actually , I sign up tmo because of the cheap GPRS plan , that I can play internet anywhere I want -RRB- I have T720 -LRB- CDMA-Verizon -RRB- and T722 -LRB- GSM/GPRS-tmo -RRB- , the latter looks better when the former can switch my favorite skin , technically , I think T720 is better , that the phone can sync with atomic clock -LRB- no adjustment , yeah ! -RRB- , and I can customize the banner and greeting , of course , Verizon has far better coverage -LRB- though tmo has better reception in my working area -RRB- personally , I do n't like T722i too much , I chose it when I sign up tmo internet because I can share all accessories from T720 -LRB- except the skin -RRB- , and I pefer flip phone -LRB- to protect screen from scratching , and button from mis-operation due to accidentally pressedhere is my results : reception
 I actually own a 720i , which is almost the same phone . I have a few complaints about the phone , the screen rubs on my face during calls , the screen resolution is not as good as a couple other phones I 've seen and the ring volume is no where near loud enough . Other than that , it 's got great ringtones and you can download about a million more . I have n't dropped a call in the six months that I 've it . The camera while not great , is still a lot of fun . I think that the battery life is not a problem , although I 've read a couple complaints I do n't have any . I just put a new full housing on it , black with silver flames , and it looks really really cool!It 's not the best phone on the market , but it 's still a very good one . I would reccomend this phone to pretty much anyone who wants a camera phone .
 This is by far the best phone that I have ever owned ! Not only is it sleek and sexy , it is also well equipt with a datebook , phonebook , cool color games , internet access and very cool ringtones . The camera attachment is too fun !!! If you are going to buy any phone buy this one !
 I 've had this phone for nearly a month now . Never dropped a call , never had reception problems , and T-Mobile has awesome customer service . Phone interface is straight-forward and easy to use . Camera attachment is a fun little extra .
 my dad and grandfather have this phone have the chance to play with them and fiture them is a nice phone a mean a phone the camera is not that good o well is an adition so it wont be to good is not a new phone on the market so you cant coparate with v300 or e715 calls are preatty cleard the voice dial is nice and cleard the game is not good but the web t-zone works great so you can go and play games the polyphonic tones are nicewhen you down load is and good avreage phone battery not a big issue becs my e715 drains fast as well the v300wth avreage use can last 2,3 days so really if you want a feature phone get e715 or if dont have the $ get v300 if you want a nice avreage phone with phone features get this is not all that but is not that bad as people said
 That 's right !! ... I called several wireless carriers and all wanted me to pay big time to own this phone ; EVEN T-MOBILE ! Only Amazon has a deal like this ! ...
 Perfect phone for me . Here are some of the features I like about this phone . Long Talk time -LRB- over 6 hours ; long stand-by time -LRB- over 9 days !! -RRB- ; text messaging ; send pictures to other phones and email addresses -LRB- pictures are ok , for a phone -RRB- ; includes phonebook ; has voice dialing ; MMS ; WAP enabled ; it has predictive text input ; has a vibrate option -LRB- great for movie theatres -RRB- ; weighs less than 4 ounces and the flip design make it really compact -LRB- ca n't even feel it in your pocket -RRB- ; has a built in modem and calendar ; has megatones for music-like ring-tones . Great value , free with rebate . Do n't hesitate to order this from Amazon.com , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I just bought the phone about 1 week ago , the phone has a good battery life and lots of cool features . The thing I like about this phone is that when you send a Text message from AIM you are not counted for a whole text message . while with other phones if you send just a simple `` hi '' that is already 1 text message used.The thing I am -LSB- upset -RSB- about is that you ca n't download new games , I have tried soo much and you still cant . The pixelation is somewhat OK its not all that great and the Camera does n't show good quality pictures.Overall this is a good phone , it has lots of nice features , lots of ring tones and more you can download including wallpapers . T-mobile customer service is great also but they need to expand their coverage area.If you are looking for a phone to buy for just talking all the time then buy this one , because it does give good Battery life , I did n't have to recharge it for about 2 days and I was talking on the phone and I was on T-Zones all the time . Now that 's a good . . battery life.If you do n't like this one there are others like it out there , the T720i , T721i , and that 's about it . ...
 With this being my first wireless phone , I am extremely pleased . I was a little leary about buying a phone with rebates , but everything worked out fine . The features this phone has are amazing . The battery life is great , I let it charge for about 18 hours , and it has n't been charged again , and it 's been 2 days . The color screen could be sharper , but I ca n't really complain . It comes with a ton of ringers and sounds . Overall , this is a great phone . I did n't buy the phone for the camera , good thing because the camera is really -LSB- does n't work very well -RSB- , it takes decent pictures for a small screen , but like I said I didnt buy it for the camera.PROS - Compact size - Easily learnable -LRB- the address book might take you a while -RRB- - Chock full of features - Beautiful phone , very attractive - Wonderful Phone!CONS - Camera - Internal Antennae -LRB- no problems yet , but I like external -RRB-
 This phone is excellent . When I was first purchasing it , I was alittle skeptical of what to expect based on other reveiws . However this phone is my favorite . The only thing that I could have asked Motorola to fix is probably the camera , and maybe the speaker.Don '' t get me wtrong . The camera works fine , except that if you are in a dark zone , the picture may not turn out good on the camera , but if you e-mail it to somebody , then the picture looks like it was taken from a digital camera -LRB- its that good -RRB- The problem with the speaker is that it does not play ring tones very loud , and the louder you play the ringtones , the more blury they get . A feature that I think is very cool is the internet browser . You can visit any web page you would like . All in all , I thik this phone is perfect for someone who is looking to buy a cheap updated camera phone with all the gadgets . I would rate this phone a 5 out of 5 .
 this cell phone is pretty good . the best part about it is its durability . being as clumsy as i am , i 've broken about three phones in the course of four months and as much as i 've dropped this one , it 's still working great -LRB- although it is quite scratched -RRB- . it 's long battery life is also quite a blessing.however , this phone is probably the slowest phone out there -- it takes a good while to turn on and even just scrolling through the phonebook takes a bit of time . the color of the screen is pretty weak , and the attachable camera is basically useless because it takes a really still hand and a lot of patience to get a poor quality picture . lastly , even when it 's on the highest volume , the ring is drowned out by some of the newer samsung phones.however , this is the only phone that 's lived through various falls with me as its owner -LRB- for ten months -RRB- and so i 'll give it four stars instead of three -LRB- the last one is purely out of love -RRB- .
 I dont understand the many negative reviews on this phone . I have been using it for about a month now and I think it is a very nice phone . The first nice feature is that you can see who is calling without flipping the phone open . Secondly , reception is good -LRB- t-mobile -RRB- and the sound is clear . Thirdly , it is very cool looking , is light and feels nice in your hands . It is true that the camera is a joke but I knew that the first time I saw a picture of it . I have had no problems with the buttons being too small-lousy reception , etc. . Overall , I would recommend this phone to others .
 I bought this phone because I wanted a -RRB- a flip phone b -RRB- a colour screen c -RRB- a good price -LRB- for free -RRB- . The fact that it came with a camera attachment was a bonus -LRB- although it 's certainly not a great bonus -RRB- . I 've used this phone for a couple months now and these are some minor annoyances that I have with it : * as much as I wanted a flip phone , the screen gets pretty greasy from being pressed against the upper part of my cheek . I 'm not sure if this is because of the size and position of the screen - but I find I have to continously wipe off the screen -LRB- especially before I let anyone use it -RRB- * sometimes there is a delay after pressing a button before it appears on the screen and sounds a beep . -LRB- my friend has also noticed this with the same phone -RRB- * there is only one game that comes with the phone -LRB- I think its a motorcycle racing game -RRB- - but it takes so long to load that I never bother to play it . -LRB- I would have been happier with a simple game like snake -RRB- * earbuds came with the phone , but some of my friends complain that they ca n't hear me well when I am using them -LRB- although , it 's not so bad that it stops be from using them -RRB- * I thought the camera would be cooler than it actually is . The quality of the pictures is n't as good as I have seen on some other phones - and because it is an attachment - I usually never bother to carry it around with me so it never gets used.All in all , I think this is a good phone - and I am happy with my decision of purchasing it . Although the above things can be annoying , they do n't bother me that much and I rate this phone 4 * s.
 I 've had the phone for a month and the beginning was rocky but now that i 've figured it out I 'm very happy . Call quality is excellent . The only problem I had was with the SIM chip that refused to stay put , but once I fixed that it 's been perfect . The ring tones are not optimal , my old samsung N200 was much louder and clear with regards to ringing , but right now , my only big complaint . Other little things , you ca n't put multiple phone numbers under one name in the phone book . The voicemail was a little confusing . But T-mobiles plans ca n't be beat and the phoen was free , so what can I say !
 I own a Motorola T722i from T-Mobile . Motorola has been a leader in the communications industry worldwide . They produce some of the best cell phones on the market . The T722i is very easy to use and you can customize it to what you want . The features sets it apart from other cell phones . It 's a flip-open phone so you can fold it and it 's a nice small size . If you want a phone that is packed with state-of-the-art features in a small size phone then get this phone.I would stay away from Nokia phones . They are n't built up to the everyday use . The phones are weak and cheaply made . Generally it 's good only for kids who want to get fancy by changing the face plates . Nokia phones look like tv remote controls in fact , your tv remote is much better built then a Nokia phone .
 it is just that i have not seen a phone with so many features.i just love it .
 this is my first cell phone . I am quite satisfied . excellent signal -LRB- probably more because of T-mobile than the phone itself -RRB- . Features are easy to learn and navigate with the accompanying manual . I quite like the camera attachment . It does n't work well in doors -LRB- it has a low light setting which gives passable results -RRB- . it 's easy to position the camera len just right after using it a couple times . Of couse picture quality is n't top notch , but I never wanted to use it to take professional-looking photos . The results I got worked for me . All other features are pretty standard , and as good as any of my friends ' phones that I had used . The color screen is big and clear , easy to read under strong light or in the dark . It 's slightly heavier than some other phones out there .
 Do you want the fullness of a full capacity , lightweight , and stylish cell phone ??? Then you want the T772i !!! I admit I was kinda skeptical at first , but then I got it in the Mail . Oh yeah ! I have over 70 people in my address book , 20 ringtones , and I ca n't even get started on how many pictures I have taken ! This phone even comes with MOTO GP racing . That sure helped during my sociology lecture . BLAH . Also if you get t-zones -LRB- just another 2.99 added to ur bill -RRB- you can surf the net -LRB- including amazon.com -RRB- and download ringtones , awesome games , and really cute screensavers and wallpaper -LRB- i have winnie the pooh -RRB- What the heck are you waiting for buy this awesome phone now !!!! -LRB- if you want more games go to Ringtonejukebox.com -LRB- they have splinter cell and boxing !!! -RRB-
 So far , this phone is good . The reception is better than the v60 -LRB- the one I had before -RRB- . I know the quality picture is not good , but the phone is free , reception is good , nice phone . After trying for 2 weeks , I can give this phone a 4 stars .
 This is a great phone i wish it had more memory to download games and stuff though . My Nokia 3390 broke so i talked to a couple people and the recomended the Motorola T722i for all my needs . This is a great phone .
 1 . My phone takes 25 seconds to turn on , from the moment I press the power button until I get to the main menu . Other reviewers have claimed that it takes their phone 1.5 minutes to boot up , I am not experiencing this problem .2 . The phone is * VERY * light weight . And although it is light weight , it still seems sturdy and does n't have that `` cheap plastic '' feel as some other phones do -LRB- such as Nokia -RRB- . Compared to other phones -LRB- such as Nokia -RRB- this phone is above average in sturdiness , and is equal or lighter in weight to any other phone I have ever handled .3 . The screen is very nice . The colors are bright and the screen is very large . Some reviewers have said that the screen is not as bright as other phones . When I first got my phone I noticed that it did look a bit `` washed out '' . I went into the preferences and adjusted the contrast from 3 to 4 , and this helped quite a bit , now the colors look very nice . Some people complaining about the screen colors and brightness may want to set their contrast to 4 or 5.4 . The ringtones are plenty loud enough , both the standard rings and the polyphonic `` megaring '' tones are loud . You can also adjust the ring mode to either `` loud '' or `` soft '' , then you can fine-tune the volume on a scale from 1-10 . The ring mode is nice because you can very quickly and very easily lower or raise the volume without having to go through adjusting the volume one notch at a time . There is also a silent , vibrate , and silent + vibrate mode .5 . This is a very nice looking phone . I spent about a month shopping around , both looking for a good deal and trying to chose a phone . I looked at a lot of other phones on the internet , but nothing really helped me decide until I went into a cell phone store and checked them out in person . After actually checking out a real working phone in the store , and also comparing it to some other phones , I decided to get this phone . My opinion is that this phone is , without a doubt , the best phone on the market as of August 2003 . But dont take my word for it , and dont base your opinion by looking at pictures and reading the `` specs '' , go to a cell phone store and check them out in person . It is amazing how nice a phone will look in pictures but will feel like a cheap piece of plastic once you see it in person -LRB- such as some Nokias and Sony/Ericsson phones -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , there are some nice Nokias and Sony/Ericsson phones out there , but I would say most of them are junk compared to this phone .
 Well I just got this phone the other day and heres my immediate thoughts . Great price for the package -LRB- color screen , flip , camera , free headset , very useable belt clip -RRB- . To go into detail , the color screen is good but not great . A friend of mine has the Sanyo 4900 and the color screen on that looks clearer during less light conditions but not as nice in highly lighted conditions . The headset works fine . The reception is 3 bars upstairs in my house and 2 bars downstairs . Call quality is better than the previous phones I have owned -LRB- old sprint one , and motorola startac -RRB- . Changeable faceplates gives the phone a customizable touch . Ring tones sound a bit fuzzy with the phone open it seems but when shut sound fine . A very odd variety of ring tones as well . To sum up : Pros : CustomizableClear Quality of CallsVariety of Ring TonesBelt ClipVoice DialingCons : Color screen in darker settingsLack of variety of actual background pictures.Needs more memory .
 I just got this , so maybe I have n't given it alot of time , but so far it is really nice . The reception is great and the phone is very clear when talking directly or using the included hands-free kit . It does take a while to boot , but I probably wo n't shut it down very often . The camera does not take super-great pictures , but I did n't get this phone because of the camera . To be completely fair , I have only viewed the pictures on the phone and have not emailed them to anyone . I have read that they look better when viewed on a PC .
 This is a really good color phone , the only thing that really keeps it from being perfect -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is that the phone it a little slow when responding to buttons being pressed . Sometimes if the phone is `` busy '' or `` thinking '' it will take 2 or 3 seconds to respond to a button that you just pressed . This is especially noticable when browsing the Internet using T-Zones . I am using this phone on the T-Mobile network and have not experienced any dropped calls , the voice quality is very clear and the reception is good . The battery life is very good for a color phone , it lasts me about 5 days of talking just a few hours a day . Of course you can buy an extended capacity battery , and that would add much more talk time because it 's about 60 % more capacity.The phone looks very cool , and I like that you can change out the faceplate if you so desire . The entire keypad lights up -LRB- not just the numbers on the key -RRB- so you can see it very well in the dark . The PIM software on the phone is good , although I wish you could store addresses too . The camera attachment is n't really worth much , mostly because the quality of the pictures is pretty bad . But it 's good to have if you need a quick snapshot of something and do n't have any other way to capture it . Although one nice thing is , besides emailing any pictures you take with the camera , you can also save them on the phone as wallpaper images.The belt holster that comes with the phone is really nice , much better than the one that came with my old StarTAC . You can leave the clip on your belt and just detach the phone if you need to use it , then all you hacve to do is slide it back onto the belt clip . Motorola also includes a neck lanyard that attaches to the top of the phone if you want to carry it around this way , it 's a nice little addition.You can store wallpaper images , screen savers , ringtones and JAVA games on this phone as well . The only other negative thing I would say about this phone is that there just is n't enough internal memory to store games . I can get two games on it , maybe three , if two of them are under 20k . There is a lot of space for wallpaper images , ringtones and phone numbers , so there 's no excuse for not putting more memory for games.All in all I would recommend this phone , especially if you can get it for a low price or for free . It 's a very good -LRB- but not perfect -RRB- color phone with solid features . It does have some drawbacks , but then , no phone is perfect .
 I purchased 2 of these phones in July and I 've been very happy with them . We got a great plan from t-mobile -LRB- nationwide 600 mins / $ 40 -RRB- and this phone has been a pretty good performer . I do n't use many of the features it has -LRB- internet , games , voice-activiated dialing , dig . camera -RRB- ... mainly just for calling and talking . To those who say the picture quality is not good -- IT 'S A FREAKING PHONE ! I 've used it in the Pittsburgh area , Portland , Seattle , DC area and I 've gotten good reception for the most part . Occassionally I wo n't get any reception in some buildings here in Pittsburgh , but it 's not a big problem . Sometimes I will get reverb when I 'm talking and the reception bar is the highest it can be , which gets kind of annoying . Another con is that the volume could be louder and its loudest level . Sometimes it 's hard to hear . Other than that , it 's been a good phone for me -- a person who just wants a phone and not something fancy .
 I 've been using this phone for the last couple of months and I 've been extremely satisfied with it . I 've used candy bar type phones for the last few years now and I 've gotten very tired of having to use the kepad lock to prevent it from accidently dialing calls while it 's in my pocket . A flip phone is truly a better design . Voice quality and reception on this phone are great . I 've had some problems with volume in extremely noisy situations , but at maximum volume , I can still here the person I 'm talking with very well . Voice dialing is a convenient feature . Sure the camera attachment quality might not be that good . Maybe the color screen is a little washed out like some people say . And , maybe it 's a little slow booting up or loading games , etc. -LRB- though I really do n't think it 's that slow -RRB- . But , I do not think these complaints are central to what the phone was built for . Battery life is good . Voice and reception are good . Interface very easy to understand . It 's compact , designed well , and seems sturdy . Overall , it 's a phone I know I can be satisfied with for the next few years .
 I bought this phone on Tuesday with the 3-7 day shipping at about 11 o'clock at night . The phone was in my hands by 2:30 Friday amazingly fast shipping and processing done by both Amazon and FedEx -LRB- Amazon shipped from Texas and I live in Michigan -RRB- . I live in a very small town and T-Mobiles service just runs along the main interstate highway but it is amazing the quality i am getting for such a small area . I mean i was in my friends basement pretty far away from the highway and was getting a signal strength of 3 bars which is pretty good for talking , When im in my house i get 6 bars . T-Mobile so far has made me happy ... The phone is a work of art i mean its signal strength is probably the best ive seen . The battery charges amazingly fast in 3 hours and last a long long time . The typing system is awesome to sometimes you can type a whole name in without having to choose through the letters . The MegaTones have the best quality rings ive probably heard . The phone is pretty durable feeling and is small and light weight , ca n't even feel it . The camera is not that great on the phone and needs alot of light and not alot of movement to take a great shot , If you want a good quality look at it you need to have a connectivity kit to upload them on your PC then they look pretty good . I also love the color and the back lcd screen comes in handy alot . The game that comes on it is pretty high graphic and i can see why it takes a while to load other than that everything loads pretty fast.Voice dialing comes in handy but would be even more handy if you could have more than 5 at a time . Some people had problems finding out how to set the voice dialing . The reason for that is you have 2 ways to save your contacts on your phone book , 1 is on the actual smart card chip itself or on the phone . If you save it on the phone you can pick an icon for the number like if its a cell , home , work , pager , and so on and you have another line that has a voice dial part and that is where you can record for the voice dialing . Then there is the Smart Card part that can hold contacts but you ca n't put an icon of what kind of phone it is and you can do the voice recorder for it . Another cool feature is the fast dialing where each number on your phone book has a three digit number , you put the three digit number in and press pound and it will call it.I love this phone and plan on having it a long time .
 I love my 722i . I like the flip feature and am very happy with the reception . The polyphonic ring tones sound fantastic , and the downloadable ones are even better . Motorola is very durable as well , i 've dropped this phone a couple times and still no problems . The large screen is easy to read and the ability to make the characters larger is very helpful . I 'm sold on motorola
 This is one of the fascinating cell phones I have ever come accross . Infact when I came accross the product it sounded as i was dreaming . It was until when I realized that I was viewing a cell phone that I understood what this was all about.I really do not know how this kind of phone can have have so many features and up to a camera . Mastering the use of a phone is interesting but understanding the functions is another thing . I intent to have this phone so as to be able to study the functions physically and understanding the whole show about the phone . One pertinent question I would like to ask is to know whether this phone can be use world wide . Actually I leave and work in Cameroon , West Africa and would really appreciate the acquisition of the wonder baby.How do I procure this phone ? . What are the payment procedures . I can issue an America check which has to chased before the phone is sent to me in the address i will send to you when you give me the go ahead . I have never fallen in love with a phone as I have done with this Motorola T7221i phone w/Camera attachment -LRB- T-Mobile -RRB- .
 I like the phone , got a great deal on it . The phone has more than enough features for me , although I admit I do n't really use games , camera , etc very often . The coverage with T-mobile is better than the AT&T and Sprint phones I owned in the last 2 years , but that is most definitely regional . For Boulder , it 's A-OK .
 I bought the t722i as soon as it came out because it was free for signing up with t-mobile . initially the phone was ok ... had sub-par reception indoors , but then after five months it started to blank out whenever you flipped it open or left it idle for more than 2 minutes . i e-mailed t-mobile and they sent me a brand new phone within 5 days with great apologies . i accidentally forgot the antenna from the box and sent it back with my old phone . again i e-mailed t-mobile and they very quickly sent me a new one . since then i have had phenomenal reception , i think they might have added new towers in maryland . at any rate , my reception is great everywhere , and my service plan is a great deal . all in all , even though my phone had issues , customer service is great -LRB- by e-mail anyway -RRB- and my second phone is perfect.i never use the camera so i ca n't comment on that . i do n't like that the screen picks up all that cheek grease.if you get it for free or for 50 bucks or less , i think its worth it .
 I 've had lots of phones in the last 12 years , but this by far is the best . -- I 'm referring to the T720i that I use with Cingular . I 've had 3 or 4 Nokias and liked them , but this was a huge improvement ... If you have bad reception , blame your carrier ! not the phone . I have excellent reception 99 % of the time , super battery life , great ease of use ! Press a button on the side of mine and they go right to voice mail . Dial by name recognition works perfectly ...
 Good phone . Love it for the price . But dont get it for the camera . Camera sucks ! Hate the camera . Its like a toy . But love the ringtones , the calender is nice . Got a cool belt clip and was a great price .
 I purchased this phone as an upgrade from the Sony T - 300 which was one of the worst phones that I have ever bought . But it was free after rebates but I diffidently like the MOTO better this phone is great I paid a lot but it was worth it . The color screen is gorgeous . I get a signal with that phone when some of my friends do n't , who have the same service -LRB- T - Mobile -RRB- as I do , with there stupid Nokia phones . Overall if you travel a lot then stay away from T-mobile . Is you do n't and live close to a metro area then you are going to be ok . T-Mobiles coverage really needs to mature . If I go to far from Boise -LRB- Idaho -RRB- , then I have problems . Pick Verizon if you can . They have the best coverage known to man it seems like .
 Having used this product for two months , including travelling with it , I have not had as much problem with call dropping as other people have mentioned . In fact , my husband and I have had problems with reception and call dropping from other companies -LRB- Cingular & Spring -RRB- where reception on this phone has been clear and consistent . I have even been able to receive calls in concrete buildings , something other phones have not allowed.The battery life is decent , and having dropped our home landline , most of our conversations are via cell . I have been happy with the length of time between charges . The handsfree is clear and I have had no complaints from callers on the other end about not being able to hear me.Ringtones are distinctive ; I also appreciate being able to have the phone on vibrate OR silent . I 've always been a huge fan of Nokia , but this certainly supercedes all my Nokia experiences.The size and weight are great ; the phone fits well -LRB- easy to talk into mouthpiece with ear in proper location -RRB- ; voice activated calls very handy - good voice recognitionDislikes
 I recently bought this phone through T-Mobile by upgrading my plan . I got 50 instant rebate -LRB- for upgrading -RRB- and 100 extra mail in rebate . The phone is awesome , it takes great pictures and the resolution is pretty good . Many feautures , quality and great reception . The screen resloution can be better but this phone . its a must have for t-mobile customers , i have owned many phones , even the samsung v205 and the samsung has better screen resolution -LRB- picture resolution is same on all phones -RRB- but motorola has more features , samsung is durable too as well as motorola . i 'd go with either one , but i prefer to use the motorola .
 Well worth -LSB- the $ $ -RSB- ... Pro - Voice dialing is good -LRB- though # of numbers is limited -RRB- , backlighting is cool , volume is loud -LRB- enough -RRB- , mini antenna , small , price , looks cool , does not heat up muchCon - Somewhat slow , screen touches your cheek when you talk , ring tones and wall paper cost $ .99 w / T-mobile , camera ABSOLUTELY STINKS ... do not buy this phone for the cameraI would suggest it ...
 Pros : User friendlyCan read the whole text in one screenCons : Colours should have been more attratctiveBattery life would have been inmproved OR should have given extra battery in long run
 This is a good upgrade from the 120 . Better battery life and a slightly updated styling make this another solid phone from Moto . Designed in Asia -LRB- by a Singaporean contractor ? -RRB- the phone has that unique Asian look , but at least it 's got Moto 's cool factor . Definitely not as weird looking as Sumsng phones , and much better quality -LRB- build and voice -RRB- than the latter.But I 'm still not hot on T-Mobile . Count me as one of the many , many unhappy T-Mobile customers . Network availability is a HUGE problem here in Brooklyn , and network coverage is still poor in most of the country -- no signal in most of Connecticut or Florida . Even AT&T has better coverage and they were late in the GSM game ...
 An addendum to what I wrote earlier
 this is a good phone . features are great . to me , works better than the motorola v66 -LRB- couldnt hear calls that well -RRB- . oh and btw hslee1 , i had that same problem , u have to press the letter of the name ur lookin for , ie Sam , press 7 , four times to get to 'S ' . overall its great , i recomend it for it is a higher upgrade from the t720i which i heard was trash .
 this phone is soooo cool ! i 've had it for 3 months and it has never been sketchy on the calls ive made . the photo quality is much better when viewed on a pc , but on a phone is cool enough.i believe they sould develop more exiting covers for this phone though .
 Motorola H605 Headset . Good delivery service . Well represented and presented by vendor . Very happy with device .
 not easy to break in but whenh u get the hang of this model u will grow to love it
 I have used many different Bluetooth devices . This is comfortable and light . It paired easily and has a nice auto shutoff feature . I would recommend this for less experianced users and folks who are prone to lose things . I say that because the price is low enough tht if it is lost another can be obtained inexpensively .
 I was n't sure this was the right charger for my daughter 's digital camera/camcorder , but it apparently fits numerous camera brands , and it worked beautifully with ours . The box contained not just a wall charger but several other items including a little tripod ; there were also directions in the box , and they were so easy to understand that we had her camera charged and on the tripod almost immediately . Good product and it was a nice surprise to get extras along with the charger .
 Incredible buy , actually it was for my Samsung cell phone . For just a few dollars I got a car charger , a flexible rubber case for the phone and a USB PC wire . The USB wire was not for this phone however . Still the car chargers I saw for this phone were 3 or 4 times the cost of this one.KenWebmaster -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Fast and easy . I could not believe has reasonably priced this product was . I will definitely recommend you for the future .
 I really like the fit and function of this Cingular 8125 case . All the holes are in the correct location and the belt clip is comfortable -LRB- no sharp edges to irritate -RRB- . I ordered 2 other cases elsewhere that did not fit properly and I sent them back . This one is a keeper .
 I bought this product for my husband 's smartphone . He has a tendancy to drop things and I figured this would help soften the fall . He does n't use the slide out keyboard , so this works perfect for him . He did end up cutting out the clear screen protector because it was a little too thick and made the stylus hard to use . Other than that it 's an excellent product for the price . All the holes , etc. are perfectly placed for access to buttons on the the device .
 the company did what they said they would and the product is great , i recommend them to anyone !! they have great costumer service and speedy response .
 I used to have a K700i which I loved , and was excited to get this new Sony phone . However , I have three complaints
 great service , i recomend seller . the only things with this item -LRB- nothing to do with seller -RRB- is that the buttons are sensetive , the internet browser opens up easily -LRB- while in pocket -RRB- , to unlock the keypad is tricky , phone isnt really user friendly . phone gets great signal , speakers work great , camera works above average for a cell phone , will work with verizon , at@t -LRB- formally cingular -RRB- , sprint , and alltel .
 I chose this phone after intense research and was very pleased with the cost-benefit . It 's light , slim and extremely beautiful . Great pack of features . It 's nice having both bluetooth and infrared . Do n't expect to take good shots in low light situations though . Highly recommended .
 Excellent service . I like the phone , it has been working great . Also the phone was delivered to me with 2 days of placing an order .
 The k550i phone is a great small feature-packed phone . The camera on the phone takes excellent pictures , suitable for making 4x6 prints . The phone has a panorama mode that allows you to stitch together 2 or 3 images with a very good stitch guide . Also , there is a nice image editor built into the phone that can do auto-levels , contrast , brightness , and a bunch of other nice tools . You can see many full size pictures by visiting flickr and searching on `` k550i '' . The MP3 player works great ... sound quality is excellent , though volume is soft and some may find the max volume is too low . You will want to get a micro memory stick if you want more than a few songs . I like how the included headphones double as a handsfree set and transition from music to phone back to music effortlessly . I found creating a few playlists very intuitive and easy . Battery life is very good , even with lots of music/radio playing and picture taking . The radio features trackID , which takes a sample of the song you are listening to and looks up the artist , song title , and album ... actually have found it very useful -LRB- requires data plan -RRB- . The web browser is a good WAP browser for basic use ... I like that you can change to landscape screen orientation browsing.OK , now for the annoyances
 I had a Sony S710a which I unlocked when I was in Prague , but it was not a quad phone and I had problems when I travel some countries like Turkey and Poland . So I decided to purchase a small quad phone which is AT&T ; compatible . With K550i I found the phone I was looking for . It is doing everything S710a was capable of and more much more . The reception quality is very good . I always have more bars than my S710a at the very same places . The Gmail client , Google Maps client and Opera Mini version 4 -LRB- great browser for a mobile phone -RRB- works flawlessly - ca n't run Yahoo GO -LRB- it display the wierd message of not available memory , even I have 67Mb on the phone -RRB- but who cares . With AT&T ; unlimited media package , I can surf the internet , use Jajah for VOIP international phone calls and more . Picture quality of the 2MP camera is very good , have a 2GB miniSD card and have no problem with spacing . Have not used the radio too much but it is there if you want to listen your favorite FM station and it requires carrying the plugin cable/head phones . The commercially available or free application for the phone are numbered . But I have been using it as a router to the internet via bluetooth and my Microsoft Vista Dell XPS 1330 laptop - because AT&T ; unlimited package on the cell phone plan -LRB- only 20 $ per month -RRB- , it is an excellent way of using your laptop anywhere . I am also planning to purchase the new Nokia N810 web tablet next year and use K550i as router as I do with my laptop . With Nokia 810 and K550i , you do n't need no iPhone . The combo will do everything I need -LRB- including Skype video calls ;-RRB- The phone is very stylish and light - I am very happy with it after 6 months and I highly recommend it to anyone . I hope this proves useful.Regards
 The SonyEricsson K550i is a fantastic phone , great camera and has a great form factor.The only thing that may be questionable is the key size . The camera is awesome and unlike some SonyEricsson models , the camera lens stays closed at all times !
 Nice Phone . I bought it unlocked to use with cingular -LRB- now AT&T ;-RRB- . used sonyericssons for a while now , starting with t68i , t610 , t637 , w600i , w810i & now k550i . I have to agree with one of the other reviewers that the reception if slightly less compared to , say w810i . In office where I 'd always get 5 bars , now I get 4 bars . But that does n't bother me much.There was a continuing problem with the `` 4 '' key not working sometimes but that seems to have been resolved by sonyerisson via their new firmware update . Make sure you update the phone , either over the air or by connecting to a computer . It upgrades JAVA , the camera software version & this annoying `` 4 '' issue.Overall I like this phone & hope that SE will move towards making all their phones 14mm slim . On a similar note do n't forget to check out W580i as well if you are looking at this phone .
 THIS IS A GREAT CELL PHONE , IT IS VERY STYLISH , GREAT RECEPTION , LOTS OF FEATURES IN MENUS AND OPTIONS , THE DASHBOARD IS FLUID AND GREAT , I DO RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE , OHH THE CAMMERA TAKES GREAT PICTURES , I MEAN REALLY GREAT ONES , NICE JOB SONNYERICSSON
 Have this for over a year now and have no problems with it . like the fact that can support 2gig memmory M2 , nice loud speaker and camera.Sony Ericsson K550i Cyber-shot Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera , MP3/Video Player , Memory Stick Micro Slot -- U.S. Version with Warranty -LRB- Jet Black -RRB-
 I am really happy w / this phone . Had it for about 6 months now and like almost everything about it . Small , sleek , impressive looking , practical setup with ample storage in place . A really excellent camera for a phone in this price range . I have a couple complaints about button location and the light/flash on the camera.Pros
 CONS : buttons are a little too narrow . txting is sometimes a little counterintuitive . if you buy the international version , then it 's difficult to get the network up and running . I still have n't gotten mine up and I 've followed through with customer service 's directions.PROS : Nice candy bar shape . Sleek . Good quality camera pics . No lag in the operating system -LRB- compared to SLVR -RRB- . Makes/takes calls . Good amount of features .
 I got this phone to replace my k750i which was kind of bulky , the new k550i is slimmer and it has a bigger screen , and it looks stylish.This is what I think of the phone : Photos are great , I mean compared to other phones.The dial keys are different compared to the k750i , with this new style of keys it gets almost impossible to type with a skin cover on it -LRB- unles you press them with yout finger nail -RRB- , a clear crystal skin will work better . I usually press the Internet button accidentally , which bothers me most of the times and I need to cancel the internet as fast as I notice that it is accessing to the service , they may have put that function in another place.If you use it to play Music , you might use the free hands because the integrated speaker is not as good as the one included in the Walkman version , remember that this is the Cybershoot version . But any way it works so so . -LRB- Some times when forwarding songs to look for what I want to listen , it gets stuck as it could n't find the mp3 file in to the memory , so I need to restart it , and it works again all Ok . this may be a failure or sony might know -RRB- . I got a 1gb memory and a skin for my k550i . -LRB- updated -RRB- I may get a 2Gb memory later . -LRB- which is supported -RRB- -LRB- updated
 I got this charger in August 2007 . I plugged my player into it every time I used it in the car . Between late January 2008 and early August 2008 it was n't being used because it was not in my possession -LRB- or anybody else 's -RRB- . Then in late February 2009 I noticed that it would n't plug in anymore . When I examined the mini-USB end , I saw that a little piece inside was sunken in and caused the metal inlet to be pushed inside the rubber body when plugging it into the player . I tried to use tweezers to pull up the metal form inside , but it was no use . I threw out the charger and am buying another one to see if it happens again . I think this time though , I will only plug in my player for trips longer than 15 minutes . It took about a year altogether for this problem to occur , with daily plugging and unplugging .
 I 'd read how many did n't like this , but so far , it does what it says it will do . Good unit although you can tell its not a LG mfg part .
 What can I say ? I got my LG Chocolate home and car phone chargers at a great price , delivery was fast . They arrrived in mint condition , due to a good shipping package . And they both work great , I use them every day . I would order from this seller again - 5 stars .
 It works well although sometimes it comes unplugged from the phone .
 This product is very easy to use , and it works just like the description says it will !
 I bought the Panavise Custom InDash Mount for the SiriusXM Lynx I received for Christmas . The included directions where easy to follow and included directions from each vehicle this mount can be used in . I spent 10 minutes installing the mount . My Lynx is stable and securely attached with in arms reach .
 Buy only Genuine Nokia accessories for your phone . You will waste time and money buying after market junk at the mall .
 We upgraded phones and I needed a charger for my car so I orderd one for my car and at the price Amazon had it for what a deal . Also , it shipped very quickly . Then my husband borrowed mine and I had to order another for him . So we have two of them and they both work very well and we are pleased with their performance . These are fast chargers and they work very well . I had heard , however , that fast chargers are not good for cell batteries . That they can wear out your batteries faster but was not sure so if you have any doubts ask your phone dealer or battery provider .
 My phone seemed to only lose it 's charge when I happened to be in my car . I thought my provider was going to supply me with a mobile charger but nope just the standard home A/C model . I searched for a mobile charger directly from Nokia and could n't believe the price they wanted for it ! I figured I would just make do without one . That was until I found this one . I have had no problems with it what so ever . I do n't see how you possibly could . Just simple quick recharging power on the go .
 I ordered this from Amazon and it is exactly what I needed for my new Nokia phone . This exact charger was selling at my local cellular phone dealer for $ 29.95 . I went home , typed in the item # , and sure enough found it on Amazon for much less ! It is a great deal and has kept my phone charged while on the road .
 Sleek , unobtrusive , works fine , cord just right size for my intended use . The cord is short enough so it stays where it belongs and does n't dangle all over the place . Just right for backup use during a trip , and it charges the battery quickly . I 'm glad I bought it !
 This charger also works with the new Nokia 8200 series phones - you do n't need to buy a new one if you bought it for the 5100 or 6100 series phones !
 This is great to have for someone who likes the added security of a car charger . This one works great so far .
 Nokia , what can I say more?very expensive - YESbutit charges phone super fast - YESoriginal part - YESworks correctly with phones - YES -LRB- search google if you ca n't understand what I 'm talking about -RRB- ONLY &#34; YES &#34; : -RRB-
 I bought this product for my Nokia cell a long time ago and it was very usefull . Help me when I was outside my office or house to mantain charge the phone
 Great product -- works well and made well . Less than half the price than if bought at local retailer . Would recommend this product for Nokia phones .
 This charger is not available in the big box stores or even Radio Shack . The phone is over 5 years old and technology has changed . The charger worked in my car and my Nokia Cell Phone 6230 . Thanks Amazon .
 The Nokia LCH-12 Car Chargers works just fine with my older Nokia phone . I got one for each of my cars . Shipping was very prompt . Amazon great and reliable place to shop .
 This product serves the purpose which is to recharge my cell phone while on the go . No need to remember the A/C charger when travelling
 Item was as described , brand new . I 'm the dummy that bought the wrong one so that 's not anyone 's fault but mine .
 Did a pretty good charging up my old bulky Nokia cell phone . Charge time was quick enough.Only drawback , and a minor one , is the lenght of the cord . An overall reliable travel charger for your Nokia .
 Not much to say ... it plugs in and charges your phone . I could n't ask for anything more !
 When I 'm driving for 30 minutes my phone is already charged . With a normal charger it takes a few hours , but this is really much faster .
 This car recharger works great for the Nokia 8260 . Also it comes with a lifetime warranty . : -RRB-
 I did n't put it thru stress test but it works as expected .
 Do n't know if I made a mistake or not but I received a Nokia LCH-12 Car Charger as ordered but never got the Bluetooth headset : - -LRB-
 The Nokia Charger works great compared to many chargers I have used before . I previously had an analouge Motorola phone and had one of those chargers that plugged into an outlet in your house and would take all night to charge for a usage of under 8 hours . It became a real pain . So I went out and bought a Nokia 5120i and bought this charger . My phone did n't lose power for days , but when it did , I plugged in the charger and it started the job . When you plug the large end into the cigarette charger in your car , there is a little light that comes on to let you know that there is power going through the charger . Than you plug the small end into a hole in the phone . If your phone is on , you will recieve a message saying `` Charger Connected '' and than another message 5 seconds later saying `` Charging . '' Then the charger starts the job . If your phone is down to the last quarter of energy , it will take approx . 30 minutes to charge full . THATS FAST . If you have 3/4 of the energy it will take about 2-10 minutes to charge full . And the battery will continue to last for a long time . Just keep charging whenever energy is lost . I have had this phone and charger for over one year and have had no problems . One complaint of many people is that the cord is too short . Well for me its not . I have a Chrysler Concorde and the phone reaches fine . The cord will stretch between 1 to 21/2 feet . So that should answer your question . If you have any other questions , I recommend that you contact Nokia .
 Kinda hard to get excited about a cigarette lighter adapter , but I must say , it has worked reliably for a couple years ! Has n't ever failed me . Guess that makes it deserve 5 stars .
 I bought this charger primarily for road trips . It takes me about 11/2 hour to charge my phone , and hence you might not need it that much if all you do is commute . It does however add the advantage of unlimited talk time in your car , whenever you do need it.The charger has a very solid feel , and it appears to be very good craftsmanship . It has proven to be very durable . I 've owned and frequently used this charger for more than 21/2 years now , and I 've never had anything go wrong with it . In my opinion , it works better than you could expect after that long of a time . It 's been kept in my car permanently since I bought it , and by that has been exposed to excessive Arizona heat for weeks on end . With the desert heat comes the cooldown at night , so the temperature difference it 's been exposed to has also been great . The charger has a convenient , little light to show you when it 's charging.The charger 's cord is a `` feisty '' one , so do n't expect it to be too cooperative if you try to stretch it very far.All in all a charger you should expect to charge your Nokia phones -LRB- no surprises there ? -RRB- for a long , long time , no matter what you put it through . The charger is very reliable and durable , and I highly recommend it . 5 STARS !!!
 Charging my phone in the house with the charger that comes with it takes several hours . By using the car charger the job is done while I travel to work and it is available to use at the same time . Others have said they wanted the cord to be longer but I found it to be perfect for reaching the outlet in my PT Cruiser and my husband agrees in his Dodge Dakota . This is a great product that I would highly recommend .
 I needed a car charger for my Nokia phone but did not want to pay -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for one at the celluar stores . The cord is a little short but this is fine with me since it still reaches the passenger seat or the cup holder . It serves its purpose . It 's nice not having a long cord in the way . Thanks !!
 I 've had a Nokia 6185 phone for over 3 years . In that time I 've owned 4 car chargers . I was sucked into the ... allure of the 10-12 dollar ones sold at the big mass merchant stores . These things are junk . Do n't reliably charge the phone and are flimsy and break all the time . After getting one that would n't charge out of the box and returning it for one that would charge once in a while -LRB- and finally died after a couple months -RRB- I recieve a new Nokia one with my latest phone -LRB- Nokia 3285 -RRB- . What a difference . Works like a charm , is sturdy , and did I mention it 's sturdy !!! Wish the cord was a bit longer but other than that it 's great .
 I got my Nokia 252 last month and needed a charger for the car . I had a hard time finding a reasonably priced one until I found this one . It works great ! The only complaint I have is that the cord is not very long - but since I live in New York State and it is illegal to talk and drive at the same time - I have to pull over to talk - so the inconvenience of the short cord is miniscule .
 This charger helps you charge your battery on the go ! No time to stick around the house and wait for the other charger to work and your spare battery is at the office . This gives me added piece of mind when i travel because i know my phone will always be there for me when i need it if i get stuck on side of road ! everyone needs a car adapter ... that is unless you do n't have a car !
 I needed a Car Charger for my Nokia Cell Phone . I ordered the required Nokia Car Charger from Amazon at a very good price . The TOTAL cost was less than the shipping and handling cost at Nokia.A bargain price for the same new brand name part .
 After having a bad experience with a no-name charger -LRB- very slow
 Even with the shipping it was cheaper than the stores , and it actually works with my phone ! Unlike one purchased from a retail outlet that did not work , even though it promised it would .
 This items is simple in its purpose and works fine .
 Had it for a year . Still works . That 's all you can ask .
 I bought this charger to replace both my original Nokia cellphone charger and another replacement charger from Monster Cable . This charger is much better than what I had before . It is very sturdy and the wires do not pull out of the base as in my original charger . Also the connection between the charger and my cellphone is good and I do n't have to worry about it not charging whenever I move my phone around . It charges up my phone pretty fast , and unlike the Monster Cable charger -LRB- which charged fast but caused the battery to drain faster -RRB- , the battery holds its charge pretty well . I think this is a reliable charger and I 'm happy with it .
 Using this charger for my Nokia 6600 . It 's hard for a charger to be reviewed . It either works , or does n't work . Happily in this case , it works exactly as advertised . It charges the phone and lets you use the phone while being charged . It has a long cord and generally is the perfect automobile compliment to your Nokia phone .
 The Good
 I have purchased the car battery charger for my MicroTAC 650 phone , and I love it ! It charges the battery so fast ! Your battery can be completely dead , and as soon as you plug your phone into the car adapter with this charger , you can make and receive calls from your phone . It does n't take long at all until you have a fully charged battery , ready to use anywhere . Incidentally , my MicroTAC 650 is an analog phone , but I would recommend it over any of the new digital phones . I switched to a digital phone last year because they were supposed to be better , but I switched back to an old reliable MicroTAC 650 .
 Used many different adapters over the years . This one is the most durable and adaptive . The connection to the bottom of the phone STAYS -LRB- where most do not -RRB- and the connnector has not come apart where others have . After reading another review on this product , one of the stronger features of this adapter is the built in spare fuse . Sometimes car voltages spike , thus blowing the adapter fuse . This one has another built in to replace it if necessary . This adapter also charges faster than others I have used . I am pleased . I also am partial to the manufacturers own equipment . Although they are less expensive , I am very reluctant , actually will not use off brand stuff . Motorola had the best adapter in their older phones . This one now replaces it as the best .
 I bought a generic brand car charger for my Samsung phone at the store where I bought my phone several months ago and always had problems fully charging my battery . I even had to replace my battery since it got damaged.This charger charges my battery in record time . The LED charge status indicator is great . The other one did not have the indication . Batteries are to expensive to take a chance.Great phone too !
 I took some time deciding on an off brand or a samsung . I decided to go with what I think now is the best . I have had nothing but success with this product and would advise anyone to purchase it . Looking forward to my next accessory to come in an ear set .
 I 'd highly recommend this - the Samsung phones drain the battery in no time , this is a great way to keep from getting stuck powerless . I recommend this much more than the desktop charger .
 This is the standard cell phone car charger . I 've been using it for about 9 months and have had no problems with it although at times it does seem to pop out of the cigarette lighter bay a little - when hat happens , there apparently is n't enough contact and it stops conducting power.Overall , a good product .
 This is a good quality standard car charger . A small red light on the base lets you know if you 're phone 's actually charging or not , which comes in helpful sometimes if you do n't push the adapter into the ciagrette lighter bay hard enough.I have n't had any problems with it in 9 months of use - I reccommend it !
 If you have the Motorola L series phone or the V series phone , this charger is the right one for you ! It is an excellent charger for the road . The charger prevents the battery from overheating , an excellent feature of this item ! It also charges the battery in a short amount of time ! It helps keep the battery conditioned , and allows you to use the phone while it is charging . This is an excellent charger and I highly recommend it !
 This charger performs as expected . It recharges the battery faster then a home connection , securing attaches to the phone and most cigarete ports , what more could you want from a car cord . It lasted longer them my service contract -LRB- I had and used this cord for a year and a half with no problems -RRB- , and seems to be made well .
 I do like the `` snap '' in feature that will hold the plug in the phone even if stretched . My other mobile phone charger pulls out if tugged on at all . If you have a phone that can use this charger its worth the dollars . .
 This charger brought my phone 's battery from `` dead empty '' to `` fully charged '' in less than 45 minutes during my morning commute , and I was able to have the phone on during charging , which was handy . This is a super-useful little item to have if you own an Ericsson phone .
 This purplish faceplate is a terrific addition to a faceplate wardrobe . Very nice when you just want a LITTLE hint of color !
 This particular faceplate is a real beauty . A shiny black color , it goes with almost everything and has that ultra-slick James Bond look to it . I love my faceplate !
 This product , is great , i mean its just a faceplate , but it really looks shinny and new . When i got it it just made my phone stand out . : -RRB-
 The Nokia 5100 series is great because it 's so easy to use , and to personalize . The interchangeable face plates are great because they enable you to add your own flair .
 for those teens out there . this is a really -LSB- ... -RSB- faceplate . It resembles the Chrons ' . it is awesome ! it looks good with basically any buttons ! but dont take my word for it , buy it and see what you think ! its great ! i love it , its a real head turner . peace !
 I 've been wanting to get this for about a year . None of the phone stores seem to have it in stock , probably due to the fact that the deep , metallic green color looks like gray or black from a ways off . I 'm EXTREMELY happy with this color because , though it 's not too flashy , it 's got class & style . The deep green comes alive in the sunlight , and in my opinion is the coolest color out there ! This faceplate is also made by Nokia , so it 's not a cheap after market product , like a lot of them out there . Try it for yourself ...
 I have Tmobile and I bought the unlocked phone and just traded sim cards from my old phone . I did lose some of my newer contacts and some archived text messages , but other that that everything has been fine . Synching to my PC was flawless . Could be a bit tough for a novice but transfering MP3 's is easy . The keys are VERY touchy , that took getting used to . There are a lot of things I 'm annoyed about but I chalk it up to not being used to the phone yet . So far it has worked well and I 'm happy . It takes some patience to figure out , but it 's a great phone IMO . My main concern is it 's size , I bought a case for it because I 'm afraid at the price I 'll damage it . I paid $ 170 on ebay.So I 've been using this phone for a while now . I still like it . I keep it in my pocket while at work , use it as an alarm clock etc. . The quality of the pictures it takes is n't as good as it could be , especially indoors . Outdoor shots are much sharper quality with the natural light . The MP3 player works well but for the price of the phone I 'm feeling like it should have more memory . In any case , I still rate it high after all this time . I have n't had problems .
 I recently purchased LG KG800 Chocolate . I liked its presentation and its reception is really good . Only one thing which might be a problem with users is that its navigation buttons are too sensitive.Overall I liked it .
 THIS PHONE ITS A REALLY GREAT BUY AND A REALLY GREAT PRICE , IT WORKS VERY GOOD , TAKE NICE PICTURES , CLEAR SOUND , I RECOMEND IT
 This is not silver as we think of it -LRB- maybe that would be the faceplate in Shark Silver -RRB- . This is a pale , pearlescent blue that will keep me happy with my current phone for a while longer . Now I want a car this color , too . The lens of my original black 5160 faceplate was cracked . This is a beautiful solution . This faceplate does not come with its own key pad . If you need one of those also , read through faceplate descriptions carefully . Some come with key pad , some do n't . I 've only had this for 2 days and it has n't fallen out of my bag yet , so I ca n't say how it would withstand that sort of abuse . I bet the lens is not any less shatter-proof than the original .
 I like the color . It is very unique and it seems as though it would go with everything .
 I love the quality of the changeable face plates and the colors and choices are great .
 Seventeen dollars for a faceplate , not bad . This faceplate is sure to snazz up your phone . The bermuda blue is a really hot color . I 'd recommend this accessory to anyone seeking to add some excitement and spice to their world . The faceplates is very easy to use , no special tools required .
 I like my phone to look different and ring different from other phones . This Bermuda Blue is a very nice color , and actually has a range of colors in it , the plastic underneath is almost purple . It 's my favorite color . I 've just recently got my second 5100-series phone now , and I 've had this faceplate both times . The first one held up well , considering phones tend to take a lot of abuse from me . A few dings did not detract from the look of this product .
 Great faceplate . Very scratch resistant which is important to me . Awesome blue color !
 It 's hard to write a review for this product ... ummmmmm ... basically , this idea was and still is a great way to personalize your phone . I personally think that this is a great color , but that 's preference . If you do n't have a faceplate yet , stop being boring , go get one !
 This is a true red , if ever there was one ! Very visual , very shiny -LRB- mmmmmm shiny ! -RRB- , a real eye-catcher . Two thumbs up !
 this cell phone face plate is rally cute since i like red . i rated it a 4 . that is my review .
 Nothing beats pure silver for fashionability . This faceplate gives you phone an ultra-slick look , very fashion-forward , very `` techie '' . Highly recommended !
 Owned this one and to see that its only $ ... here in amazon.com , Wow ! I gave this double thumbs up . This is highly recommended .
 I bought this faceplate from another store for use with my Nokia 6160 . It looks really nice and it 's one of the ` chameleon ' faceplates - they change color depending on the light . It 'll either be a nice shade of green or an amber color . I have n't seen many people with the ` chameleon ' faceplate and that just makes it look even nicer . I 've never seen this type of faceplate before and once I put it on , it looked really nice . The nice thing about getting an OEM -LRB- Original Accesory -RRB- is that it fits perfectly.This faceplate is definately worth it , I 've tried many generic types and they just do n't fit my phone . Now that I 'm using a Nokia brand faceplate , it fits perfectly !
 Since I bought my first cell phone -LRB- Motorola StarTac -RRB- , I 've always clipped my phone to my belt and never really liked the leather skin look as it covers the phone . When I bought the Nokia 6133 and the rep. told me they did n't make a swivel holster , I seriously considered buying a different phone . I ordered this aftermarket holster hoping it would live up to the standards I am used to and so far , I am pleased with the product.One thing that was not immediately apparent , was which way the phone goes into the holster . On my Nextel i730 and i860 phones , the external display went to the inside . With this holster , the external display faces out . Although this should not be an issue for me , for some who might have a chance of bumping into things , this could lead to scratching on the outside . One convenience of this is that the holster actually clips to the base part of the phone , so you can use every function of the phone with it still in the holster . You can flip it open , take pictures , use speakerphone , etc.Pulling the phone out of the holster was a little different than my others as well . This holster has the release on the side . Since I have it on my left side , I use my index or middle finger to release it and use my thumb to push it out of the holster . It snaps back in pretty easily , but be sure it snaps on both sides or it could fall out.I 've only had it for a few days , but I hope it continues to please as it has so far .
 Best in car holder for your ipod . The soft foam side panels grip the ipod -LRB- 4th gen -RRB- perfecly and quicly release with the touch of a button . The ipod display can easily be controlled by the driver . Great product .
 This product was simple and easy to use . The directions were clear and easy to read and follow . I would recommend this product to anyone that will listen . And I will definitely be going back to this site to make more purchases . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000JD8DZ2 Krusell Urban Elastic Multidapt Case for Motorola KRZR K1 , Black/Blue
 case fit good , the swivel clip is kind of cheap though . it has popped off a few times
 This model has worked well , while finding a suitable mouting spot in my 89 Tempo was difficult , I ended up deciding this was a great model as it held my PDA and MP3 player without slipping -LRB- PDA = Handspring Visor , which barely fit , but made it with a little force -RRB- Just not as durable as I would wish .
 I bought one of theses almost a year ago and its still on my phone . It protects the phone very good . I accidently ripped it so im actually placing an order for another one . For the price you really cant beat it . And it would have lasted longer but i was really rough with it .
 Be warned , this does not include the charger . I lost my charger and was going to replace it with this unit ... but it is useless without the charger .
 I recently upgraded to the new Nokia 5165 and this adapter works great ! The new Nokia 5165 came with the correct plug in for this cradle/charger . Since the new Nokia has the same battery as my old Nokia , I can charge both batteries at the same time . To make sure your plug in works , look at the back of it and make sure it says ACP-7U or ACP-9U .
 You can charge your phone and a spare battery at the same time . I know I have this desktop charger . All you have to do is take the standard charger that came with your phone and plug it into the bottom plug on the desktop charger , and BANG your all set to use this charger .
 I realy like this desktop charger it allows me to place my cell phone in the charging crattle , and to be able to charge a spare battery at the same time .
 An excellent product , which allows charging of spare battery and your nifty Nokia phone at the same time . I would highly recommend this item . Trust only Genuine Nokia accessories for your Nokia mobile phone . You 'll pay -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- when buying after market accessories at those kiosks at the mall .
 Item arrived quickly and works great .
 If you have more than 1 battery , this stand is great ! It has 2 slots
 The dual slot charger is a good idea if you need to keep a hot second battery . I use mine with a StarTAC ST7867 and an extra Lithium Ion extra capacity main battery . The documentation that Motorola provides consists of a single sheet sectioned into 15 1.5 '' x 2 '' rectangles printed front and back in 27 different languages -LRB- this is not an exaggeration -RRB- . Something that is not made clear is that there are two spring-loaded black plastic tensioners in the spare battery slot . Since they are not readily discernable , if you are not aware of them it will seem as if the extra capacity main battery will not fit into the slot . It takes some jockeying , but the plastic tensioners move toward the phone charger slot to make room for the spare battery , which is inserted contacts down and facing toward the power supply connector . After the battery is inserted , the tensioners keep pressure on the battery so that the battery contacts are held firmly against the charger contacts .
 I disagree w / a previous review . I have had no problems RECEIVING calls and simultaneously charging the phone using this desktop charger . In fact , if you have the phone set to vibrate , it rings in the charger anyway ... However , unlike the regular charger , you ca n't talk and charge at the same time . -LRB- It would be pretty funny trying to hold a desktop charger to your face to talk anyway . -RRB- So whenver the phone rings , just pull the phone out and talk!Note 1
 For those of you that use TrueSync software and cable to synchronize your phone contacts with your PIM software , the True Sync cable can be plugged into the charger and the AC adapter can be connected to the TrueSync Cable.The charger has an indicator on the front -LRB- along with the battery indicators -RRB- for True Sync activity .
 I bought two ear pieces for my 8260 phone . Neither worked and the nokia one was terribly uncomfortable . Then I found this one specifically for the 8200 series . It works great ! I love the on/off switch , now I never have to reach for the phone at all . The ear pieces are comfortable and the sound is clear . I highly recommend . Try it .
 This earpiece works wonderfully with my Nokia 8260 . I do n't know why other people have had problems . People can hear me clear as a bell , and I can hear them clearly as well . It sits nicely in my ear , rather than being stuffed in like the earbud type that came with my phone . The on/off button is very handy as well .
 I 'm a truck driver and I 'm constantly on the go with my phone . I find it convenient , comfortable and safe especially for driving . I 've also found that it 's handy when I 'm cooking , writing , shopping-anything that requires me not to have my head cocked to one side and the use of my hands . All my friends and family have been able to hear me clearly and ca n't tell the difference . Also the earpiece turns on right before the phone rings so you know you 're getting a call ... it 's a great product .
 I 've had an 8290 for a while now and I was excited to see that a Jabra worked with my phone ! They make the best headsets out there . However , while my 8290 picked up the fact that there WAS a headset connected , there was a WHOLE lot of beeping through the ear piece that prevented it from working . Just a caution to fellow 8290 owners . 8800 users enjoy it !
 This is one of the easiest products I have seen yet ! It 's as easy as plug and talk . All you have to do is plug it into the jack and begin speaking . It is also very comfortable and light weight . Do n't miss out on this great gift idea for all your friends with cell phones . `` STICK IT IN YOUR EAR ! ''
 I use about 2000 mins/month talk time and leave my phone on 24 hrs/day . Some of this time I am in an analog roaming area , which tends to eat up the battery in standby -LRB- and certainly while talking -RRB- . However , generally I can go all day without charging the battery . This Slim Extra Capacity battery came with my Timeport 8097 -LRB- I think Motorola is including this with all phones now -RRB- and I estimate it gives about 2hr talktime & maybe 3-4 day standby on a digital signal . Probably about a 60 min talktime and 14hr standby on analog . Charge the phone whenever convenient -LRB- i.e. , while driving or overnight -RRB- and you ca n't go wrong . Buy an extra one just in case your original wears out on you .
 No memory , and hassle free battery . Charging time a bit lengthy -LRB- 3h -RRB- but than it last forever . Why do n't they sell it with it and have satisfied customers
 An exact copy of the extra cap battery I bought with my timeport two years ago . Hold a good charge and does what you want.My last battery is still pretty good -LRB- about 65 % of what the new battery does -RRB- and I use it very often . I expect the same of this one .
 I had seen several people using this and thought it was a great design . They gave it excellent reviews so I took the plunge.I was under the impression that the ear piece picked up your voice from your ear canal so that your speeach would be crystal clear to the person on the other end . However , this isnt the case . The mic is in the piece that sticks out of your ear . This is only a problem in loud environments where the mic tends to pick up a lot of background noise . I drive a sports car that has a relativly loud cockpit and tend to get complaints from the people I speak to . When I drive the wife 's sedan its no problem at all.As for quality , it is very well put together and I have n't had any issues . The brightly colored silicone ear pieces let you select from small , medium and large for both right and left ears . I leave mine in the car a lot and the colors started to fade and popped off of the earphone more easily . The rubber ear piece can be easy to loose.Sound quality is very good as long as the rubber piece is correctly seated on the earphone . It also has to be placed in your ear correctly or the sound is a bit muffled.I had tried other over the ear boom mics and those `` bug on a wire '' style . They all present compromises on quality and clarity . This has been the best trade off I have tried.Overall a high quality hands-free that looks cool to .
 Ive had this product for over a year with no problems . i tried the ones with the boom mikes which were more problems than any thing else and normaly i ended up hitting the mike with my hand . . also wearing sunglasses was discomforting as well . . With the jabra i noted no background noise while using the unit with the windows up and air on which is what you would want to do any way while carrying on a conversation in the car . as far as the body noise goes that problem can be solved easily however since the mike is part of the ear piece the person you are speaking to will hear all that you do this includes gritting teeth and chewing on m & m 's while you talk over all though there is no better unit currently on the market that is as convenient . .
 This was my very first earpiece purchase before bluetooth phones/earpieces were financially available to me . LOL I loved this earpiece and its price so much that I bought like 3 of them ! I ended up selling one of them to a friend -LRB- but only because she begged me -RRB- and keeping the other two for myself . I managed to break one of them and was grateful that I had the extra one to fall back on immediately because it was no longer for sale here . Once BT earpieces were available to me with a external adapter , I graduated from this unit . I have nothing bad to say about this unit & probably still have it in a box somewhere . I bought it simply because the microphone was n't annoyingly located in the cord and it fit securely and comfortably in your ear . I recommended it to others .
 I have had the Jabra earpiece for 6 months + and I think it works really well . The quality is great , it picks up your voice well and it does well with background noise . I highly recommend it .
 This is the best earset I have used . I have tried several boom types and other earbuds . This by far has the best sound quality and the most comfortable . The only negative is when in a windy environment the parties on the other end can not hear your conversation .
 I bought a Jabra earset for my Nokia 6160 a year ago and it is still working great . Everyone tells me that my voice sounds normal and many times people are surprised to find out that I am on a cell phone . If you have a cell phone and you talk while driving , an ear set is a must . This is the best one I have found . It is comfortable in your ear and the thicker/tougher wire seems to hold up better . I had a Nokia brand ear set and it developed a short after only a few months , which is why I was searching for a better set to begin with . The package comes with various sizes of gel ear pieces for both right and left ears . The only problem I have had is that I was a little rough on it and the piece that connects to the phone does n't hang on as well as it used to . But I called the manufacturer and they gave me a warrenty return code and promised me a new one even though I did n't have the receipt or any proof of when it was purchased . Conclusion
 I tried several of the other headsets and ear pieces for cellular phones . Many I returned to the -LRB- large chain , small shop -RRB- stores . I had some previous experience with JABRA EarSets from using them with voice recognitions systems . I found one for my Nokia phone and one for my Motorola phone -LRB- which also works in my home phone 2.5 mm jack -RRB- . I love them . People never complain about the sound quality and almost never know that I 'm wearing it . It stays firmly in your ear . It is comfortable long term . I recommend it to everyone who asks .
 The JABRA EarSet for your Nokia phone allows you to talk and drive safely . I could n't believe it worked but it 's amazing it reads the vibration from your jaw . The sound quality is perfect and no one even knows I am using a headset . It 's the perfect gift idea for your friends who live with the phone to their ear . Do n't forget to `` Practice Safe Cellular ! ''
 Convenient . Keeps my attention on the road while driving . Great sound quality and low noise in windy conditions . Altogether a smart purchase .
 Unlike other hands-free products I 've tried , Jabra 's EarSet doesnt buzz and fits very well in my ear -LRB- the medium size . -RRB- FYI
 I have found this earset to be an excellent value . The sound is as clear , and the comfort/fit far better than that of the Nokia earset it replaces - at around a third of the cost . The eargells are comfortable and in my experience stay on the speaker and in my ear . The eargells I received are each labeled on the inside , indicating the left or right ear . In my opinion this is an good product at a very reasonable cost .
 I ordered this for myself on a Monday and received it on a Wednesday . I took it home that night and my mother-in-law loved it ! I had to order another one for myself on Thursday morning . This is a great asset to the cell phone user . It 's GREAT ! It comes with small/med/large ear pieces for the left/right ear and the button in the middle is great because as a call comes in all you have to do is press the button to begin the call and press again to end . I highly recommend this .
 Great price , and works well . At first I was n't sure how good this would work . It surpassed my expectations .
 And comfortable too . I like it so much that I do n't want to use the phone without my Jabra , even when I am not in the car . I tried several other headsets , but the Jabra EarSet was the only one I tried that sounds loud enough to hear when I am driving . And , everyone I call from the road says that I sound very clear . The EarGel can come off easily , especially when I toss it on the seat and throw a bunch of junk on top of it , so now I keep it in my center console .
 This battery is what is , a bigger more powerful battery that adds some bulk to the otherwise slim 8500 . I have purchased two of these products and could not be more pleased with them - they are good for about 5 - 7 days of standby time with casual use . I once managed 6 hours of talk time . They charge quickly and fit into the regular charging slot that comes with the phone . In a perfect world there would be unlimited battery time and no need for this product , but until then , this is a necessary accessory of the 8500 that does a great job .
 I had the equivalent battery for my old Samsung 3500 and thought it was great . I was not disappointed with this one for the 8500 . Standby life is close to a week and it lasts three days even with heavy usage . Unlike many extended-life batteries , it fits in the desktop charger ; it was not an afterthought . If I have time , like overnight , I put the phone in the cradle , or I just swap it with the original battery for a day . It 's a little bit bigger and heavier , but all of the cases and accessories still work with it . I just do n't put it in my shirt pocket with the extended battery ; it 's a little heavy for that .
 It 's a good battery ... the problem is ... small talk tiem . . u can not talk to much using this battery or any 8860 's battery!on standby it works very fine , I recommend it . . if u have this phone a little expensive but good enough
 This is the 5th Samsung earbud I have bought . I lost two , and used one to make a homemade Handsfree with a small amplified speaker for my SCH 411 . I have never had any problems with the earsets . I DID have problems with the earphone Jack on the phone wearing out . I thought it was a problem with the earphone , but it was the ear jack . I had to replace 2 phones because of that . That was no fault of the earbud . Now when it happened the last time , I went to Verizon to find they have discontinued this phone . Now I have the latest Qualcomm M510 . The Samsung earbud also works perfect in this tiny phone with AGC . I have no problems with people hearing me . I will point out though
 I like using this while driving . I never have to take my eyes off the road and can make calls using the voice dialing feature by activating it from the ear piece!Unfortunately I keep losing my ear pieces.Advice
 I like my Samsung Ear Bud and use it all the time . I do find that I have to hold the microphone close to my mouth in order for people to hear me clearly . In the car -LRB- where no one sees me as I 'm sure this looks foolish -RRB- I put the Ear Bud in my left ear and loop the wire over my right ear so that the microphone rests just under my lower lip . Then people can hear me just fine.Note that the button on the microphone does n't just turn a Samsung phone on and off , it also activates the phone 's `` Who would you like to call ? '' feature.The first headset I tried was the Jabra EarSet . The Samsung Ear Bud works far better and costs less .
 Unlike many of the other people that have reviewed this product , I have `` normal '' sized ears and I have no problem keeping the earpiece in . It is very similar to the ear-bud style headphones that used to be popular . Anyway I love this product because I can answer my calls and place voice activated calls without ever taking my eyes off the road .
 I 've used this Samsung OEM headset with my Samsung phones -LRB- first the 3500 then the 8500 -RRB- for three years now , and , after trying some Jabras and a Plantronics briefly , I 've decided that the Samsung piece sounds most natural in my ears -LRB- relative to the quality of the audio heard through the phone 's built-in speaker , for example -RRB- . The Jabras sound better than generics but still not as natural as this one . The Plantronics are great as far as noise-cancellation -LRB- and pretty natural-sounding , if I recall correctly -RRB- , but I have n't seen an in-the-ear model , or any style at all that comes with the button like this one does ... The Talk/End/Voice activation button on the microphone bead is fantastic -LRB- for Samsung Phones -RRB- . The microphone is , however , a bit weak , and , in order to speak at a normal volume , I find myself holding the bead up to my mouth , unless I happen to be in a good position relative to the mic.The piece will probably break within a year , but at a third of the price of the Jabra -LRB- plus not having to switch ear gels when switching ears -RRB- , this is a no-brainer for Samsung-phone owners who use the voice activation and/or drive and want to be able to answer the phone without actually touching the unit .
 Small , sleek , comfortable . I like the on/off switch on the microphone bud . Sound quality and volume all fine for me . The only problem I 've had is that the cord is delicate and prone to breaking . If there were a little reel to store the slack cord , this little unit would be perfect .
 The SideWinder charger is a device that should be in a lot of folk 's luggage . It is different from the Charge2Go device we mentioned a while back.This unit is a portable generator for your cell phone ... which means you will ALWAYS be able to recharge your phone , no matter where you are!We used this SideWinder for a few days after letting our cellphone battery drop down to nothing to see how long it takes to get thing running again.A few crank of the handle did give a few minutes of talk time and almost half an hour of standby!Go read the full review here : http://www.rainydaymagazine.com/RDM2005/GearNGadgets/May2005/RDMGG_SideWinder.htm
 I 've used about a half dozen after market ear pieces over the last year -LRB- most of them bought from a large nationwide discount department store -RRB- , and finally decided to go with Nokia 's . This one wins when it comes to volume . Every other ` cheap ' aftermarket imitation I 've used makes it very difficult to hear the other party while contending with highway/road noise -LRB- especially the Jabra gel hands free -RRB- . With the Nokia hands free , I actually had to turn the volume down half way for one of my calls because it was too loud.Just like any other hands free piece , you will have to treat it gently -LRB- I 've learned this the hard way -RRB- . I do n't think any of them are designed to handle abuse . Finally - I 've had some after market headsets that had problems maintaining good contact with the phone . Only a few locked onto the phone and maintained contact 100 % of the time . So far I have n't noticed any problems with Nokia 's headset . The round ear bud might not fit everyone , and I have n't tried it on any long phone calls -LRB- yet -RRB- , but it was initially very comfortable -LRB- more than the Jabra gel 's I 've used in the past -RRB- . Overall - I am initially very pleased with it .
 ... The headset works just great and is one of the best items that Nokia has come up with . Potential buyers of this product should know that it is a good purchase to make . I 've had mine for over a year and have never had to replace it . Perhaps it is David or the anonymous `` wireless customer 's '' handling of the equipment that is causing it to continuosly break . I use the headset constantly during a normal work week and sporadically on the weekends . I use it sitting down , walking around outside and driving in my car . I 've never experienced ear soreness from the headset where I have felt the need to move the ear bud from one ear to the other . The reception that I receive and the feedback from those I am speaking with have been positive . Granted , the cloth covering for the ear bud did fall off but that was after many months of continued use and from rolling around in my tote . I located the cloth covering and put it back on the ear piece . No problem . But , even without the covering , the ear bud does not pose any discomfort whatsoever . I continue to use the earbud headset as it has added comfort and convenience to my life . I recommend this product to anyone who is interested .
 Was skeptical of clarity at first but was surprised - no problems in that area . Purchased for hands free driving and because of concerns of possible radiation with built in antennas . Ear bud is a bit uncomfortable at first and tends to slip out with alot of head movement . No problems when just sitting still . Cord to phone is adequate length - have n't had any disconnections .
 This earpiece has been a godsend . I can drive , shop , or do anything that 's non-strenuous and keep a phone conversation going indefinitely . The phone has a setting that allows the phone/earpiece to ring once and you are connected . No reaching for the phone or even the connect button on the earpiece wire . There is a point when the earpiece does tire the ear from insertion but it is not a handicap nor a reason not to buy it . The only caution is to be careful not to snag the wire and to be sure the main phone unit is securely attached to your belt or clothing .
 This is a great thing to have if you are always on the phone . I use it in the car , on the bus , and walking around town . Sometimes people wonder if I am talking to them . The wires sometimes get in the way .
 This set has a high-quality sound , which always comes clearly through the earpiece . Get a hands-free set , and use both hands to drive !
 I was doubtful about this gizmo when I first saw it . An in-the-ear phone and a mike dangling far away from the mouth ? Bu the AT&T phone center salesman was wearing one , and he seemed to like it . So I bought one.And son of a gun - it DOES work . I 've used it driving , sitting in front of a computer and paddling in a kayak , with the phone safely tucked in a waterproof bag - and I have never had a complaint about audio quality from the caller at the other end.It 's just about unbreakable . There 's no mike boom or headband , or any large plastic parts . Just an earplug , a mike , a clip , and the wire connecting them . Simple , elegant and functional .
 Recomend Product ... but the earpiece is quite uncomfortable after a period of time . Makes chating on the go easier . Only need your keypad to dial number . Convenient button on wire that connects the earpiece to the phone allows you to answer calls without fumbeling to find a button on your keypad while driving . Would reccomend if you receive alot of calls while on the go .
 While I really appreciate this accessory and the freedom of movement that it allows -LRB- no more crick in the neck while trying to precariously clench my phone between ear and shoulder -RRB- , the ear bud itself is uncomfortable . I ca n't hold a coversation for longer than a few minutes without my ear beginning to ache . I thought at first that I must just have ears that are an anomoly of nature , but after sharing my peeve with friends , I 've found that quite a few other folks have the same gripe about this product .
 I was pretty cynical about the voice quality possible via a microphone that sits a fair distance away from my mouth . But I was proven wrong . This thing works great . Not only can I hear the person on the other end of the phone with great clarity , they can hear me . Even when I 'm in my car with the window open , it completely shields out the background noise . I 've had expensive installed car kits where this is not the case.Also , I find the earpiece to be quite comfortable and secure.My only gripe is that earbuds in general -LRB- no , I 'm not ragging on Nokia -RRB- encourage people to look like dorks , walking around town talking into the air ! Get a clue , people !
 After a year and a half , I am only on my second earbud . This has proved an indispensable accessory for me . My only real complaint about it is that the ringer tone does not sound in my ear . If my phone is clipped to my belt in a noisy environment such as a hockey game , I can not hear it ring . All I get is a faint click in the earpiece , which could also be caused by the low-battery notification . In the car , however , it is great . I use it with the Nokia car holster and I find the combination quite convenient . The plug on this is prone to damage easily , but my current one continues to work adequately despite a slight amount of damage . I could also wish to boost the sound level a little , but the people I am talking to have no trouble hearing me . It took me a little while to get used to the microphone working fine despite being well away from my mouth .
 I have recently gone through 5 different rotating clip-on holsters for my StarTac . All broke within a very short time -LRB- less than two days each ! -RRB- My original StarTac holster lasted for over 18 months before I broke it by my actions . I finally found another Motorola original like this one and feel right at home . I have not tried the Motorola rotating clip-on so I ca n't say whether it may be stronger that those others .
 I just ordered two headsets because the one I got with my phone stopped working . Mind you , I did n't treat it very well and even after stepping on the ear piece twice -LRB- and keeping it held together with a rubber band -RRB- the thing was still working ! It was only after repeated abuse that it finally fell apart . I figure that with two I 'll cut down on having to transport it to and fro , as much . This is my first time ordering from Amazon and I 'm hoping I wo n't be disappointed . Oh , and in response to the review dated 2-27-03 -LRB- cell phones and brain cancer in mice -RRB- , the two studies mentioned have not been corroborated by any future studies conducted on the matter . See the FDA 's reports -LRB- www.fda.gov/cellphones -RRB- and extensive international research compiled in a report by the Medical College of Wisconsin -LRB- www.mcw.edu -RRB- .
 This is the perfect earpiece for the 8260 , 3360 , and 8265 . It sounds fine , the mic works well , and it has the answer/hangup button inline with the cord . A little expensive yes , but it 's great for driving and the earbud is n't too big , unlike some other Nokia models .
 I really like the convenience -LRB- very light and folds up easily -RRB- and quality of this earbud . The only drawback is that it sometimes makes an annoying buzzing sound . This can be mitigated by twisting the plug around -LRB- go figure -RRB- or moving the phone around -- kind of like trying to pick up a radio station . It 's not as inconvenient as it sounds , but it 's something to be aware of . The volume and quality of sound -LRB- when there 's no buzzing -RRB- is really impressive , and the microphone picks up my voice very well even when I 'm driving and twisting my head around to keep an eye on traffic .
 This is a very useful product . The earpiece sound is clear and the earpiece stays snugg in the ear . For safety while driving I would highly recommend it !
 I would agree with most other reviewers in saying that this is probably the best hands-free set for this phone on the market . I 'm buying my third one . That said , I 'm buying my third one in less than three years -- yes , this is not a durable headset . Because cell phones were recently shown to cause brain cell death in rats after only two hours of -LRB- GSM -RRB- use -LRB- Leif Salford , Lund University Hospital , Sweden as published in Environmental Health Perspectives -RRB- , I use my headset all the time . I am very careful with the headset and its cord , but even if you 're careful you should expect a high burn rate with frequent usage.The microphone is sensitive to wind and to mid - and high-pitched noises , more than a cell phone without the attachment . So beware if you 're planning on using it outside.With all of its drawbacks , it still seems to be the best product on the market .
 -LRB- This review is based on use with the Nokia 8260 -RRB- About the best thing I can say about this hands-free set is that no one can tell I 'm using it -LRB- or at least when I switch to it , I 've never gotten a comment from the person on the other end that I suddenly sound different -RRB- . Reception through the ear bud is equally clear -LRB- you 'll probably want to turn the volume down on your phone when using it -RRB- . I do n't have much more to say except that I 'm very satisfied with the product . I use my cell phone as my primary phone , so for long conversations either walking or sitting it 's been a great relief .
 Excellent product - I 've ordered three in case one stops working . The sound is clear and they 're convenient to use . The company gave me excellent service in shipping .
 This headset works great and although the microphone just hangs there on the cord , it picks up your voice great ! Try it and you 'll find yourself always plugging in when driving !
 This earbud came with my 8290 and 3390 . I thought I lost it , so I bought a Jabra earset -LRB- it was free after rebate after all . . -RRB- . So I found out where this one went - It was in my pocket and I washed it . I took it out , let it dry and it works perfectly ! At first the mic did n't work but once I left it out for a few hours it was ok.That 's what I call durable ! You can rely on this to last a long time . I 'm still using mine even after I washed it ! Do n't know if it 's worth the 24.99 though . That sounds a bit expensive , but for this type of quality it 's well worth it!The Jabra by the way , is collecting dust . The ear gels are really uncomfortable and it falls out of my ear . The on/off button is hard to press , you have to press it hard for it to hang up or use the voice dialing . I 'm glad it came out to free after the rebates - Otherwise I would 've been out $ 10 for somethign I would never use ! The Nokia brand earbud beats Jabra hands down !
 I bought this earbud as an upgrade to the earbud which came with my AT&T , Nokia 8260 . I also bought the Jabra earbud - to compare both . This earbud works quite well . Compared to the Jabra the sound quality going into as well as coming out of this earbud is a little less clear . However , the major advantage of this earbud is that it does n't pick up as much annoying wind noise or any of that rustling clothes noise . This earbud is sensitive enough but , not to sensitive to be obnoxious . I kept this earbud - It works well enough and is comfortable enough . The other though it comes with an assortment of ear `` gels '' , is just to complicated and surprisingly uncomfortable for it own good .
 I got this headset as part of the package for my 8260 and I 'm definitely happy.It 's a necessary product when driving especially with easy to use hang-up boutton on the mic.It 's very light and comfortable.The earphone has good sound output , and the mic picks up sound very well ...
 It must have saved me a couple of times while driving and trying to talk on the phone or answer a call.Also , the law here is it 's illegal to drive while talking on the phone so it saves you from some dumb tickets.Being 29.99 , it 's a bit expensive , for a mic , earbud , and mini plug . You have to be careful not to stretch the wire , as you can break the fragile thin cables inside the rubber jacket , which should have been less streatchy .
 After I lost my Nokia Earbud Headset for my Nokia 8890 , I purchased the Jabra EarBoom and tried it out for a few days before returning it . The Nokia Earbud Headset is a lot better ... in fact it 's awesome . I do n't have any problems with it . Compared to the Jabra , it is much better .
 This is the single best accessory I have found for my 8290 . I use my phone all day long , and have tried many other brands and styles of ear pieces . The quality and comfort of this earpiece beats the others hands down .
 The earbud came with my 3360 . I have never used an earbud before and was skeptical about it -- I could n't imagine it staying in my ear . But it does , easily , and I use it all the time . It does n't fall out when walking , and no one at the other end has ever complained about the microphone quality . I love it .
 This headset works great with my Nokia 2610 . It plugs in easily and has good voice quality . For me , it is the same as if I were talking on my cell phone without the headset . The price is great and I got one for my husband 's phone too .
 If you own the Samsung SCH850 or SCH8500 , you wo n't find a better holster . I tried 2 others before this was available , 1 leather and 1 similar to this holster . With the second one , the phone dislodged itself from my belt 3 times in the first 2 days and fell to the concrete . Trust me when I say this holster `` really '' works and my phone has never dislodged itself even once . It is comfortable and the antenna no longer pokes me in the side as it did with both of the previous holsters . If you do n't carry this phone in your pocket and want a holster , I highly recommend this one . And , you ca n't beat the price .
 This is the best holster on the market for the samsung 8500/850 . My phone never comes dislodged from it . Phone is easy to get out of it as soon as you hear it ring . I had the leather case with the swivel clip but it sucked . If you need a holster make sure you buy this one !
 Despite its compact size , storing the 8500 in your pocket can become rather annoying . With the OEM belt clip , you 've got a secure and convenient place to store your phone . I highly recommend this product . And for such a low price , I ca n't imagine why everyone would n't pick one up today .
 This is a great product . I should know . I have bought four or five . The only problem with the product is that due to my carlessness , I end up breaking the holster . I forget to take it off when I sit in a chair . Many times the clip will catch on the side of the chair and then break off . I love the holster for convenience . It is very easy to use and the phone fits very snugly . I recommend it . Just do n't forget to take it off before sitting down in a chair .
 ... The authentic Samsung holster clip is strong and sturdy . But the imitation that Sprint sells costs the same as the original , except that it is noticeably inferior.I definitely recommend this holster to all Samsung SCH-8500 owners .
 Hey , for all of you 8500 owners , this holster really gets the job done . I actually wanted a leather holster instead of the one I have now , but on the recommendation of my Sprint PCS sales associate , I chose this one . I hardly know that the holster is on my belt and the clip is really strong . The phone is almost a part of me with the holster and phone . My phone used to fall out of my pocket and drop and I got fed up with that . I have only dropped my phone once with the holster and that was while I was attempting to eat a sandwich with my greasy hands and answer the phone at the same time . This holster is worth the 10 dollars and I have gotten many compliments about the look of my phone on the holster .
 I 've used this holster daily for the past five months , with the cell clipped alongside my pager . The holster adds little to no bulk to the phone , and you can unclip the phone with one hand.I can understand other 's concerns about durability , but so far , I 've had no problems at all . The clip seems to hold the phone in place securely for me . In five months , I have had the phone come unclipped once when the seatbelt hit the release.From my experience , this holster is well worth the price .
 I too enjoyed this holster and its ease of use for about four or five months ; apart from seeming to get slightly looser , the phone never fell out of the holster . The phone was very easy to access and the only advantage of a rotating holster is that it is a bit more comfortable . Everything was going fine until I took my seatbelt off one day and the plastic clip attachment broke off . I use a leather rotating holster now , which is a little more comfortable when sitting but not nearly as accessible as the Samsung holster . On the whole , I recommend the plastic holster for its ease of use but it is sometimes uncomfortable when sitting and can break because of its rigidity .
 I bought an off-brand holster for my phone and it was n't it ... This holster is very nice , small , looks good , and the phone does not move , everything you could want out of a holster for your phone .
 The top piece that holds the phone in place is too fragile . I had the entire phone and holder fall off my belt 3 times , and the 3rd time broke that piece . It still holds the phone , but not securely . Guess I 'm forced to spend another $ 10 to replace the holder . I would rather have this holder than do without .
 The clip is well designed and provides good functionality to the user . However the material used for the top of the clip -LRB- which holds the phone securly in place -RRB- is too brittle . I am always afraid it is going to break off . However , it has not broken off yet .
 WORKS GREAT WITH A HANDS FREE KIT ... BUT WITHOUT ONE ITS A PAIN IN THE @SS ...
 This holster worked just great , until it broke . The plastic seems to be kind of a fragile . This holder still seems to be the best for my type of phone . I never had any problems with my phone dislodging from it . I am definitely going to purchase another one . You ca n't beat the price !
 This is a decent holster for the Samsung 8500 phone . It 's reasonably comfortable to wear , and the phone is easy to access . I can see how others have said you could break it easily , but at $ a piece , it 's not too expensive to replace if that happens.The only difficulty I 've had with it is that sometimes when I slide into my car , the holster pushes against the seatbelt latch , and releases the phone . I 've just learned to be more careful when wearing it , and now have no problems.This is definitely a good holster/belt clip to start with , with no glaring flaws in the design .
 I have had this holster for just about a month now and have n't had a problem with it . The phone detatches easily once you find the proper way to do it . I like the extra space between the holster and the battery as I have an add-on attached to the battery for a dash-mount in my car . The previous holster I had did not accomodate this . I will say that I am a bit disappointed that pin that allows the clip to function does not run all the way through the clip . It appears as though it might fall out in the future .
 This is a great product !!! With a great grip !! Easy to use with easy release . I have tryed leather casses but they are to bulky and it get anoying trying to but it on the belt , its just terible !! I highly recommend it !!! Just no Questions asked ! And you just ca n't beat the price !!! What are you waiting for !!!!
 The horizontal orientation is a good alternative to vertical . This prevents it from catching on chairs and the like . Other Nokia phones , such as the 8290 , 8260 , etc. . . will fit . However , you can purchase this product from Nokia 's website for 14.99 -LRB- US$ -RRB- so , I 'm not sure why the price is marked up so high here .
 I 'd just like to add that this case is a `` perfect '' fit for the Nokia 8260 . It 's not just a matter of the phone fitting in another phone 's case , the 8260 's charging port lines up exactly with the hole in the case . The clip is also very secure which is nice . Love it !
 I have been using this case for almost a year . The product is fan-tastic . The clip is extremely sturdy and I have never had it fall off . The flip-cover fastens with a magnetic snap that usually closes easily . The real benefit of this case is the sideways-orientation . I do not even know I am wearing the case , and it is never in the way . Retreival of the phone is easy -LRB- you take the phone out of the case to use , unless you are using the headset -RRB- . Use of a headset is very easy with this case . -LRB- I use the Nokia earbud now , and just ordered the Jabra boom from amazon -RRB- . I would easily order this again , and would easily pay more than this for it .
 After having to replace three different phones because of cracked plastic antenae cases as a result of dropping my phone , the feature I like most about this case is that the strap wraps around the antenae and protects right where all the others have cracked , rendering the phone useless ...
 This case lets me have a better looking phone.It is versitle and gives you the injoyment of a case that is fairly inexpensive
 This is a great product for the Startac phone . The leather fits perfectly with a high-quality look . I wear it more frequently than the plastic belt-loop case that came with the phone . Only complaint is that the phone has a tendency to open while it is being worn .
 For those of you looking for the best in a quality leather carrying case , look no further ! By far this is the best of the best leather carrying cases for this cell phone . Believe me I have looked at all the retail and cell phone stores trying to replace a similar one I bought some years ago . I found plenty of cases for the StarTac phone , however either the leather was not real looking or the belt clip was either cheap or used a swivel snap on connector .
 Bought this with my StarTAC ST7797 . A good idea since the phone itself does not come with a carrying case . It fits nicely with my cell phone and looks nice .
 I 've owned this case for over a year & have never had it `` slip off '' my belt . I 've even had it clipped to my camera case which was on my belt & have never lost it despite being on roller coasters which turn you upside down . I will admit that it 's a little bit of a hassle to answer since it 's covered & fits snugly to my belt . I personally only use my phone for `` emergency situations '' so I do n't get too many phone calls . I whole heartly recommend this case if you do n't mind it 's not easily accessible but does remain snug on your belt .
 This is just what `` the doctor '' ordered . The case does what it 's supposed to do ; protect the face and provide a belt clip . Perfect for my needs .
 I found this carrying case to be a good deal . At first it was kind of tight getting it fit over the phone but I was able to fit it over the phone . It also works as a good shock absorber when you drop the phone . I would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
 I bought this case the same time I purchased my phone simply for the purpose of protecting my phone . After now having the phone for 2 months my phone still looks brand-new with no scratches on the display at all ! Not only that , but many of my friends actually complimented how it was really `` nice '' and for my friends to just come out and say that about my case , it must really be better than the other ones . Anyway aside from the compliments , it has exceeded my expectations by keeping my phone in mint condition .
 I did n't like this case at first . It looked like it would be a pain ... I was wrong.I work in agriculture , harsh conditions inside and out , climbing in and out of vehicles all day , etc. . This case has PERFOMED BEAUTIFULLY ! I used to replace the window on my Nokia 5165 every 2 months , I have n't replaced it since purchasing this case ... Much less scratching and VERY good clip .
 I 've owned this leather case for over a year and it has held up very well to wear . The fit is a bit snug at first , but soon becomes pliable . All the holes line up well -LRB- Even after a year -RRB- and provides excellent protection . The built-in belt clip is convenient , functional and keeps the phone close by me . The only downside is that the case covers up the charging port on the bottom . But then again that is also a good thing .
 Excellent product . Liked it so much ordered 3 more two for friends and a backup for myself . Difficult to put on phone but with a little effort and patience used my back up protector and got a perfect fit . The Q screen was very prone to glare and to finger prints ... with the protector no problem with either it resists finger prints almost as good as it prevents glare ... it should come with the phone as standard equipment . I 'm recommending it to all my friends who recommended the Q for me .
 Very nice looking , sturdy ... I am glad I got it .
 I bought this for my husband . He loved it , except for the flap over the front . It was inconvenient to have to always open it -LRB- the velcro held it tight -RRB- , so he just cut the flap off ! The belt holder works great .
 I ordered this case to fit my 6160 Nokia phone . Since it is a Nokia product , I expected quality and got just that ; the stitching is straight , and the case fits like a glove . As a matter of fact , the case is actually very snug -LRB- probably to allow for the leather to stretch -LSB- over time -RSB- and still properly fit the phone -RRB- , so I found it a bit of a struggle to unzip and zip the phone . If all you plan to do is plug the wall charger into the phone , you 'll be all set since there is an opening for the adapter to be plugged in without unzipping the case.The belt clip is very nice . It 's leather-covered , does n't protrude much beyond the case , and securely fastens the phone to your belt . If you do n't need a wrist strap , this is a good case to protect that cell phone investment !
 I always wanted a phone to be capadable with my style and lifestyle , AMEN !
 I have the Nokia 282 phone and the case is a perfect fit . The leather is nice and soft too . What else could you want in a case !
 This is a great product . The fact that it rotates is perfect when getting in and out of cars , put inside a jacket pocket or clipping on to just about anything.The spring on the clip is strong and the holster has a positive click on the phone is inserted . My phone has never come out without me wanting it to.The is typical Motorola quality . Buy it ! You 'll love it .
 I used to have one of the older plastic StarTAC holsters , the one that cup-cradled the phone and held it closed facing in - you always had to take it out to open it . Well , this one takes care of that . Problem is , I gave my StarTAC to a friend last year when I bought a TimePort -LRB- the silver one , StarTAC II essentially -RRB- . I accidentally popped the center joint out of my original holster , so I bought this one . Oops . Phone wo n't fit . TimePorts are roughly the same shape , but the phone body is a little thicker - you ca n't even get it into the holster.So beware - if you own a TimePort , DO N'T get this holster , get ASIN B00004XQ4D . -LRB- Do n't know why I did n't , must have glossed over it in the product listings . -RRB- After return shipping costs , it 's not worth returning for a refund - guess my friend will have a new holster for her phone next time I see her -LSB- chuckle -RSB- .
 I bought this holster for both my wife and I almost two years ago and we both would n't dream of using anything else . It rotates 180 degrees -LRB- +90 to -90 from vertical -RRB- and has an open end , so that it can be plugged in without removing the phone from the holster.It 's great for low impact exercising -LRB- walking , hiking , smooth mountain biking -RRB- , however , I 've found that the clip is n't strong enough to ensure that it wo n't come off during moderate jarring -LRB- it seemed to dislodge every once in a while when jogging -RRB- . All in all , it 's very comfortable and has made it second nature to carry my phone with me everywhere I go .
 good quality holster.Keeps phone securely on your belt.Also swivels so it does not dig into your gut !
 I 've tried four different StarTAC holsters . This is the best of the bunch . I wish it was a bit more durable , and the clip needs improvement to keep it on belts better , but it works well overall . It is a better design than the stock holster and much better quality than a similar , generic-brand competitor .
 I have used one of these for a number of years and it has always worked great . The best part is being able to carry my pocket pc actually in my pocket without damage .
 Want to get your Motorola V600 for free now ? this site is completely awesome ! Better than all those other free sites , trust me ! Tons of testimonials and they sent out gifts everyday ! You do n't need to get offers from people to get your gift ! You will get it , no matter what , all you have to do is sign up ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I moved from Sony Ericsson T68 , so my comparisons will be based on that as a benchmark . First of all , let me say that on paper this new fashion-conscious flip-phone is about the most impressive you can get
 There are only two things that I really dislike about this phone :1 . When charging , the light on the front of the body fades in and out every ten seconds or so , and it 's REALLY bright . I leave my phone charging on my bedside table while I sleep , so I can grab it easily , but the light is definitely really distracting , and I have yet to figure out if there 's a way to turn it off .2 . The side buttons that control the ring settings of the phone are active even when the phone is closed , and sometimes the settings will get unintentionally changed while the phone is in my pocket or bag . I 've missed many a phonecall because my phone randomly goes to silent.Otherwise , a pretty sweet device . Pictures are amazing quality .
 I think I have the worst of luck when it comes to batteries and cell phones . I would have given this phone 5 stars except that the battery life is n't as long as advertised . Overall , I love this phone and am glad I bought it . I have been with Cingular for almost 10 years -LRB- it was Bellsouth prior to that -RRB- and I 've been rather satisfied with them . Friendly service -LRB- not to mention they actually answer your call -RRB- ! PROS : Bluetooth is wonderful . I had no problem linking this little baby to my laptop -LRB- PC version , Windows XP -RRB- , my Powerbook -LRB- Mac OSX -RRB- and the Jabra BT250 Bluetooth Headset . I was able to share pictures from the phone to my computer and from my computer to the phone . Before discovering this great feature , I actually paid $ 1.99 for a chesty guy . No more . I 'll just find him for free on the Internet and save him/send him to my phone.Ringtones
 I have waited months for this phone to be available in the states . Unfortunately , I was not willing to spend 300.00 for it . I was able to purchase this phone for $ 99.00 with new activation from Best Buy . Not only did Best Buy have great savings on rebates , they also threw in a Motorola Bluetooth Headset -LRB- worth $ 99.00 -RRB- for free !! What really sweetened the deal was that Best Buy would pay up to $ 75.00 for your first cell bill ! The phone has amazed me from day one . I am not the least dissapointed in the product . I noticed some people are complaining about the phonebook . People you have to read your MANUAL ! My nine year old daughter knows how to add multiple phone numbers to one contact name and she did n't have to refer to the manual ! The phone is not difficult to operate . There are so many ways to customize and personalize your phone to make it easier to navigate through the menus . I hope this review helps anyone who reads this review . Good Luck on your decision !
 I have had my phone for 14 months -LRB- Jan. 05 -RRB- and love it . It is small , easy to use and works with my bluetooth earpiece for an exceptional hands free device . I have never had a problem with the speaker part either . Now , I bought this phone through T mobile and I love the service . The reason I bought this phone was because it can be on the free international plan . I used it throughout Europe this past summer and never had a problem ; I felt like I was sitting next to the person I was talking to . And at $ .99 / minute , it is a dozen times easier and cheaper than finding a phone card and trying to use the European phones . I also can take some fabulous pictures on my phone . I have never used the games nor have I used the voice dial -LRB- I 'm middle-aged so do n't have the need nor the inclination to take the time to figure it out -RRB- but everything else works like a charm .
 This seems to be an excelent product . I went to purchase it this morning at Cingular . However they are no longer selling it . Not many details were provided , but apparently there is a recall due to some bugs . This is no official information , but check before you buy it .
 I received the unit last week , the phone sounds and feels great.First time thru our transit system I dropped the phone.My eyes begun to fill with water as , I focus on the unit lying on the floor.I pickup the phone stood on the side and , checked to see if it still worked.It still works perfectly and no scratches to boot.Motorola you have exceded my expectations.No more candy bar style phone for me .
 Greatest phone I have had ... high quality screen with TONS of items that help out in everyday life and EXTREMELY EASY to use.You have to see it and use it
 hi , well maybe this review is not that helpfull , but all i want to know is how to use the speakerphone when the phone is closed , so if yo could please tell me how , i would very much appreciate it . Please help me with this , please .
 i am from barbados in the caribbean and i would like to know if you have any motorola V600 phone for sale and what is the price in barbados dollars i had one before but my son lost it and it work very well i had no problem with it so i am looking for one to buy .
 It is a great phone . i dont really have time to talk about it right now but if you were wondering how to deal with things about it i am like the expert with it ... like that thing about it changing rings in your pocket-i know how to stop that -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received the unit last week , the phone sounds and feels great.First time thru our transit system I dropped the phone.My eyes begun to fill with water as , I focus on the unit lying on the floor.I pickup the phone stood on the side and , checked to see if it still worked.It still works perfectly and no scratches to boot.Motorola you have exceded my expectations.No more candy bar style phone for me .
 This phone has a pretty full set of features , is a nice size , and can be gotten for a reasonable price . It is n't perfect but if you 're looking for a clamshell with these features , you will probably be very happy with this phone.This is a sturdy little phone . It just feels like you can drop it and it will be okay -LRB- I have n't tested this but I like the feeling -RRB- . It has a nice set of pim features like an easy to use 1000 entry contact list and a calendar that is easy to read . It also has GPRS , WAP , and Bluetooth so you can connect to the internet for email , showtimes , news , and so on as well as being able to connect to other devices with Bluetooth . This is really nice . My wife can surf the internet from her PDA or laptop through her cellphone using bluetooth -LRB- by the way internet access is free through t-mobile - not their t-spots or t-zones but data access to the internet is available to everyone for for free . -RRB- Bluetooth also lets you do wireless handsfree devices that are nice . You can be up to 30 feet away from the phone and still talking over it with a bluetooth earbud . My wife is also able to dial her phone by choosing a contact out of her contact list on the pda and using her earbud , she never even has to open her phone . There is software available that makes synching the phones contacts and calander with Outlook very easy either using bluetooth or either a USB or serial cable . This software also allows you to send sms messages from your pc using your phone.OK ... so the phone and it 's accessories can do just about everything but polish your shoes , if you take the time and figure out how to make all these things work together . This may or may not be a task that you consider to be worth your time . It is n't for everybody.As far as the phone goes , the quality of it is good , like you can pretty much expect from Motorola phones . You can make it pretty with all sort of different wallpapers , you can personalize the layouts of the menues to make things convenient for you , you can store audio and moving and still video on the phone . You can download midi , . wav , or . mp3 files for ringtones . You can pick these up all over the place for free and copy them over as easy as can be . The only way you can get motion video on the phone is to copy it over to it . You do n't have any means of capturing it . You do have a sorry little camera though . If a camera is important to you in a cellphone , this is not the phone for you . The pictures are tiny and very low resolution . They are good enough for the screen on your phone but that 's about it.I have enjoyed my time with my wife 's phone and do not want to give it to her now . I 'm thinking about the possibility of losing or having an accident with my trusty old v60 to give me an excuse to upgrade !
 The phone is sweet , but do n't even think about using it with your mac . The bluetooth will allow you to copy pictures and ringtones back and forth from your computer to your phone . But , iSync does n't work at all . Not with bluetooth . Not even with Motorola 's USB data cable . You can use a 3rd party app -LRB- onSync -RRB- to copy with the data cable , but it wo n't copy your calendar information at all . And while it will copy your address book , contacts with multiple phone numbers will be listed separately for each number in your phone 's address book , making it totally cluttered . The phone itself is nice and all , but what 's the point of all this newfangled technology if you ca n't use it?Maybe hold out for an iSync update . Maybe hold out for Tiger . But , if I can get out of my Cingular contract , that 's exactly what I 'll be doing.My advice ? Take a Texas on this one -LRB- El Pass-o -RRB- .
 The Good : - excellent brightness and good color - Nifty speaker phone feature - Nice sized keys wih varying sizes make it easy to key numbers in without having to look - Good sound qualityThe Bad -LRB- ish -RRB- - The BlueTooth functions are a little difficult to find - the camera takes passable photos -- the color is okay - but it is a little on the blue-hued side - I gave up on synching data with my PC I too found the software unusableI am not pleased with Cingular . Terrible service .
 I bought this phone in PA discounted for college use so its already great off the bat . Its bluetooth is a great feature on the phone . If you have bluetooth on your computer -LRB- $ 30 some places -RRB- then you can wirelessly transfer songs , pictures , or whatever else you want for no extra charges . I 've made my own ringtones from songs on my computer and just sent them to my phone using this , so now when it rings I hear the actual song . The camera is also very good with a 4x zoom and the speakerphone is great , although you ca n't activate it until you start talking to the person . Also has a great battery which lasts several days on standby .
 I have been waiting for a phone with Bluetooth technology , as well as a phone that will not become obsolete in a few months . My wait is over ! I walked into the Cingular store near me and they had just gotten in the V600 . With a 2 year service contract , I got the phone for $ 200 . Expensive these days for a phone , but worth it ! This phone feels solid , unlike some other phones that feel like they could break if you look at them the wrong way . The phone has everything I needed and wanted . Some complain about the camera , but , hey ! Did you buy the phone to talk of take pictures with ? There is n't any phone I have seen that will take a picture better than my digital camera . So , when I hear or read people complaining about the camera , it makes no sense . The sould on this phone is clear . It is a Quad band , so I am not worried about not being able to use this phone anywhere . I wish the phonebook would list numbers by catagories -LRB- family , friends , etc -RRB- but it is easy to get to a name by just hitting the number that corresponds to the first letter of the name . I am enjoying this phone , which is something I have never been able to say about a cell phone before .
 I THINK THIS IS THE MOST FINE AND GOOD PRODUCT I EVER SEEN WITH MY EYES.IT 'S REAL GOOD AND LIKE TO OWN IT .
 I am suprised at how great the phone is , I had the t720 before and I hated everything about it . But the Mp3 tones on the phone sound great , and with the built in bluetooth , it is easy to make my own ringtones and transfer them .
 After receiving my phone from Amazon , it was a pain to activate the phone through Cingular because some representatives had no idea what they 're doing.Also , Amazon ran at least 9 credit checks under my name so I could not activate my phone at a Cingular store.After all the red tape , I finally activated my phone through Cingular Porting Dept.I had downloaded some ring tones but somehow they got lost on the phone along with some pictures that I took also.The pictures show up because they 're attached to someone in my phonebook , but not in the ` picture ' section.The ringtones were showing up under ` Ring Style ' , but not anymore.I 've owned a few Motorola phones before , they 're prone to software glitches , so I 'm used that . I 'm lucky that I have friends that work for Motorola . : -RRB- Also , one time I was receiving a call and both the outer caller ID screen and inner screen were both blank . I had to shut off the phone and restart for it to work.The phone has a lot of cool features , I like it a lot.So , just beware that it 's not a perfect phone .
 The style is great and the menu is so easy to use . I recently got this phone this past weeekend and have n't had problems with it . Ignore all the bad publicity that you 've heard , if you like it you should get it .
 This is my second motorola phone in last 4 years . i used to have a V60 and then i upgraded to this V600 model . i really liked by v60 and i like V600 even more . the phone is very simple to use . it does have a camera but i rarely use it . the picture quality is alright , but thats doesnt matter to me that much . what really matters to me is the functionality and the call quality . after all thats what the cell phones are for , arent they ? the call quality is nice , if you use speaker phone you will like the clarity . the best feature i like about the phone is that you can change the ring style by the press of button on the side without even opening the phone . press the down button once and then press the button underneath the down button to switch from loud to silent to vibrate to vibrate & ring .
 This product was a gift to my best friend , blue is her favorite color and she could not have been more pleased with this product . It was just what she wanted .
 This is my third AX2 purchase , although what I received was the AX . I like the fact that they do not interfere with glasses , but be careful not to drop them . They do not hold up well to impact with hard surfaces . They can also hurt your ear a bit , the ear spring should be softer .
 I have found this to be one of the smallest and best bluetooth ear piece . If you happen to have small ears and have tries many headsets , this one is lightweight , and does n't cause interference if you wear glasses .
 These are definitely the real OEM Samsung chargers . They come in the factory package and all . Recommended .
 The Q is a great little phone -LRB- so far ! -RRB- . I like the size and weight of the device but I felt like it needs just a little more protection from the elements . At least the elements I occasionally run into.The FlexiSkin will not make the phone water-proof or even moisture-proof . But that is n't the idea behind this kind of product . It 's just a well fitted polymer deterrent.The FlexiSkin does not add a lot of bulk to the phone . The FlexiSkin also does not interfere with pressing the buttons it covers . Over all it 's a good product and I 'm looking forward to using it for a while with the Q.
 Well constructed/crafted case of soft neoprene , clear plastic vinyl , and hard plastic belt clip . Snugly fits the Samsung A640 except for one snafu - the side buttons -LRB- volume rocker , cameraphone button , speakerphone button -RRB- are compressed by the tight fitting clear plastic covering them . This leads to accidental activation of cameraphone and speakerphone and volume changes unintentionally . I recommend taking a thin , slender object and stretching the plastic until compression lessens . This seems to remedy the problem for me . Another option - insert a thin , slender object on both sides and leave in place to take away compression on these side buttons.Otherwise , a very stylish case . The phone closes normally when the case is properly fitted . Clear plastic protects camera lens and phone screen from undue scratches and damages . The neoprene seems to do very well to absorb jolts and shocks and short drops . Belt clip is a little stiff but fits securely wherever I choose to clip .
 The case for Samsung SPH-A640 flip phone that I bought is sleek and fits the phone well . The design is good , case has two sections which can be put on each section of the flip phone separately . It appears durable . It is good value for money .
 This skin case looks great . What 's more it 's snug but it fits fine .
 The item was delivered on time by Amazon . The Digital frame is working fine but no where on the frame or the instruction manual does it say that this item is from Philips . Does Philips sell its products in such ambiguous way ? I am not sure about the warranty either as it would be very difficult to proof that this item is from Philips.Now I can only hope that it works fine .
 What is the model number for this item ? I want to verify this before I place the order . Thanks .
 They fit the screen perfectly and are easy to install no air bubbles when done.They seem to be fairly thick and durable . Installed for 4 days and no complaints .
 I was very happy with the screen guards , but the only thing is that when you put them on , SO many bubbles appear . It helps if you use the `` squeegee '' that is provided , but it also says to wait 24 hours . I did , and nothing changed . But over all , the screen on my BlackBerry has been well protected .
 I have been using the Blackberry Screen Guardz for a year now . they have been an ideal product to prevent scratches and scrapes to my Blackberry screen . Our staff of -LRB- 9 -RRB- have been using them as well to great success . The multi pack of screen guards was very reasonably priced and shipping was quick . I will continue to use and recommend to others this product.JFM
 Do it carefully so you wo n't get any bubbles on there ! Great protection for a blackberry screen !
 Great item and you get a lot of them i give away a lot and i still got like 7 left .
 I was looking for something to keep my screen from getting junked up and these are perfect for my Curve .
 I received my order promptly . Easy to install without getting air bubbles . It includes a lint free cloth to clean your screen with -LRB- pre and post cover install -RRB- . There 's a second protective coating on the cover that you remove once you use the included `` squeegee '' to apply the cover . The second cover allows you to apply firm pressure and to ensure a good fit without air bubbles . It comes with 15 individually packaged covers . Good value overall .
 I like the leather , I like that it flips up and not down . It has allowed my phone to stop pocket dialing people . And I can take it out of my pocket when it is ringing without answering before I look at the phone . And I can sit it up horizontally.The only problem with it is that the leather piece that goes across the top is too low for me to grab the top bar to pull it down when I have notifications . So , I have pulled down on the phone to loosen the leather , and loosened the top piece , so now I can grab it fine . It took a couple of weeks to work with it but it was well worth it . I recommend it .
 MUST GET . I LOVE THIS CASE . It protects my phone and most of all it protects the screen . I tried every kind of screen protector out there and did n't like not one , so the flip case was a likely solution . However , I would like it come in different colors , black is too manly for a women . DO N'T USE THE BELT CLIP . It seems too flimsey and people have lost their phones because of it .
 I love it ... you can also position it many ways ... and i seem to drop things a lot I had the case for three months and it saved my phone many of days
 I love this case . I was looking for a long time online trying to find a black leather flip case that could hold my phone and I found this one . It 's great ! The only problem I had with the case originally was that the screw you use to attach the belt clip kept coming loose and falling out , but once I screwed it in as far as it would go it has n't been a problem again . This case keeps the whole phone safe and is well worth the cost .
 I was looking for a durable flip phone sans the superfluous frills which I never use . I needed something reliable with excellent `` send and receive '' calling quality . This unit is larger and feels sturdier than most of its genre . Its relatively bigger buttons and and overall hefty profile were the first features that caught my eye . For an indiivudal like myself with larger hands that often holds my phone in the neck-twisting , hands-free head/shoulder crunch mode , the extra size of this model is an asset . I do n't have a case and keep the phone in my pants pocket . So far it has endured this manner of travel . Good bi-directional audio quality and a nice loud ring which I prefer . One drawback ... forget about the reading the screen in direct sunlight . The interface is Verizon Du Jour and if you like toying with extra features there 's plenty to keep you busy . Barring the screen issue this is a phone I highly recommend .
 If you are the kind of person who thinks a phone should be a phone -- this is for you . It is extremely well built and has great sound quality -LRB- including the speakerphone -RRB- . It has the best signal reception of any phone I can find . When you are out in the middle of nowhere and need to get a call through you will appreciate this phone .
 In the setting of superthin and superlight phones , it 's nice to have the option for a heavy durable , water resistant phone to take some punishment . This is the Hummer of cellular phones . It is marketed for the outdoor , active lifestyle or someone who just abuses their phone day to day.I needed something to take when I go to the beach , the pool , skiing and playing golf . My phones have always been subjected to the drops onto the ground -LRB- grass and street -RRB- and into the snow . Already armed with a PDA and 80 GB IPOD video , I just wanted a reliable sturdy phone.This is no upgrade from the G'zone Type V . Some cons about the phone include a 1 MP camera and no card slot for memory cards . The flash doubles as an LED flashlight . It also does n't have analog capabilities , which is counterintuitive for an outdoors phone -LRB- especially in the middle of the woods -RRB- . No EVDO capabilities and no memory card slot in this phone.Some cosmetic differences from the Type S
 I 've had this phone for a week . It 's extremely sturdy , and I look forward to having a phone that does n't require white-glove treatment while I 'm biking , hiking , or out in the rain . The interface is Verizon 's basic cheesy design they force onto all their phones -- functional but nothing exciting . The reception is pretty good -- roughly as good as the Motorola E815 it replaced . It has other features you 'd expect from Casio -- a stopwatch , countdown timer , and flashlight . If you want to watch TV on your phone , or want a phone that takes photos as good as a real camera , it 's a bad choice . But if you want better than a typical fragile phone that breaks if you drop it or take it skiing or kayaking , this is the perfect choice .
 I 've had this phone for 3 weeks now and love it . I am tough on phones and always picked Nokia candy bar phones because they did n't break . I drowned this one at a water park and used it almost immediately . I have dropped it , it was in my backpack when I wrecked my dirt bike , and more . It will outlast me . Advantages are no antenna sticking up just to break off , like the Type-V version , and blue tooth . I hear the camera is not as good , but I did n't buy it based on camera scores , just durability.I need to find a ringtone that I can hear when it is buried in a backpack , etc. but that is why there is voicemail . If you are active or just abuse phones , this is it .
 I have broken more of the external screens than I can remember . This phone has a thick bezel on the outside screen which should enable me to put this problem behind me . I am a heavy cell phone user that does not use the camera or downloaded rings , etc. . I try to be careful , but at 2500 minutes/month , my phones take a beating in airports etc. . This phone works great . The ruggedization will come in handy . The charge cable is a little fussy , like the LG phones , but it comes with a cradle that allows me to just set the phone in the cradle when I get home , without plugging in the cable . It is charged when I leave in the morning . Battery life is very good . Speaker phone is better than some , not as good as others , but adequate . Overall , I like the phone . It is tough like a hammer . I like hammers . Ring tones ? Get a fooh fooh fone . Camera ? get a camera . This is a phone , not a mp3 player .
 If you are not into touch screens , pda styles phones , then this is the phone for you . Its not perfect but its as basic and durable as you can get.pros :1 -RRB- Durable , its can be dropped -LRB- even in water -RRB- , chewed on -LRB- by a baby -RRB- thrown around and you dont have to worry . Its like a timex , it takes a licking and keeps on ticking/making/recieving calls .2 -RRB- Built in fashlight . No more worries about getting batteries for your flashlight , just use this . It may not be good for long range , but if you 're looking for something in your closet , need to look for something under your bed or need to do some minor plumbing under the sink , this will do .3 -RRB- lcd clock . Unlike many phones today . you dont need to open the phone to see the time , its always on , unless you are in teh dark then you will have to open the phone for backlight .4 -RRB- Speaker phone , although its not that loud it works fine in a quiet room .5 -RRB- Built in flash for taking pictures . Yes , this is also a camera/video phone.Cons1 -RRB- Weird that this phone was military test , but sometimes the battery pops out when you drop it . I read reviews that this happens alot , so just be careful .2 -RRB- Earpiece and speaker phone volumes are low . Maybe because the phone is water resistance so they had to protect these parts . Blue tooth works much better .3 -RRB- Why is the speaker on the speakerphone on the other side of phone . You talk on 1 side but the sound comes back on the otehr side . Hmmmm , hold it side ways then ?
 My husband and I have had these phones since December 2007 . We farm so we 're often in dusty , dirty or wet conditions . I 've dropped my phone repeatedly and its still working . My husband 's phone just stopped working today after nearly 41/2 years . Wish we could find this one again ! If we 'd known how long it would last we would have got extra back in 2007 .
 This is the best phone that I have ever owned . Previous phone just could not stand up to the wear and tear I was putting them through . I am very happy , with this phone , have gotten one for my son , and am currently looking to buy one for my husband . I 've never had a phone last 4 yrs before , I usually had them trashed before the two year contract was up . This phone I have had for 4 years and I still love it ! Durable and does what I need in a phone .
 This is a phone that I wish they still made . My wife has been using hers for 3 years and two toddlers have been unable to destroy it . Water , slobber , stairs , overnight in a car at -15 F , all day in a closed car with outside temps nearing 100F -LRB- outer screen went black until it cooled -RRB- , Brad Paisley concert in 3 downpours , nothing has destroyed this phone . The phone looks like it 's 3 years old , but still functions perfectly . It 's like the old Timex commercials , it take a licking and keeps on ticking.It is n't flashy or high tech -LRB- we rarely even text -RRB- but the sound is good , it has great battery life , and if you have an active lifestyle , it 's perfect for you . I replaced mine after two years with the Boulder and gave my Type S to my mother-in-law and she has n't been able to break it either . I have two brand new in the box Boulders I would happily trade for two new Type S 's . Their next `` ruggedized '' phone should be the Type S with just a new set of guts . I wish they built BlackBerries this durable -LRB- I 've gone through three of them in 2 years and I 've been careful with them -RRB- .
 This battery was a perfect replacement battery for my Motorola MPX220 cellular phone . No problems encountered .
 Regular buyer for all my phones in family . Awesome product . Five * * * * * rating . Great leather , Great Polish , Great product . All is great about Covertec ...
 if you have an ipod you have to play with the volume.dont turn the ipod up all the way , you will get static.Keep the vol 3/4 up , and if u need it higher , use your cars stereo.otherwise works perfect !!
 The unit works as advertised . Since I live in a rural area , I had no trouble finding unused FM frequencies . The entire FM frequency spectrum is programmable , but only three `` quick pick '' buttons are available . The sound is more than adequate . The iPod works best with the volume maxed out . The bass is over emphasized with `` bass boost '' on . I used `` bass reduce '' and adjusted it back with the radio controls . Treble is fine . For the price , it 's an awesome unit !
 The transmitter works great . I 've had a few that just ca n't keep the signal , but this one worked beautifully on my latest trip though LA & San Diego where there 's not a lot of free radio stations .
 I tried the iriver and my cigarette lighter is so low on the console that I could n't read it . This one lights up when connected . This finds the channels for you and you just tune in rather than having to try channels up and down the spectrum and setting the unit to the channel . It is easier to read , easier to use , and has good sound quality .
 I have thrown away my Belkin unit , which has always been static prone . The Monster Radioplay 300 provides much better performance in rejecting interfering weak FM signals and avoiding static noises that really degrade the listening experience , compared to my previous device . In the Boston area , which is a very crowded FM band , I found many more frequencies that could use without interference . It would be nice if a simple holder to attach the unit to the dashboard was included . The power plug fit is a bit snug into the cigarette lighter hole and requires a pretty firm push to insert it . Overall I am very pleased .
 Works just as stated . No problems . Some complain about not being able to find open stations in bigger cities , thats not the x mitters fault , it can not create open stations ! It works great though . Would buy again . It does n't charge my samsung mp3 though .
 i love this product . It was amazing sound quality as long as you set it to a channel that does n't have any other broadcasting on it . for me it works best at 95.5 fm . your 's might be different . it very easy to set the channel and very easy to store it . i never even had to read the instructions . -LRB- i never read them anyways -RRB- . This is a really awesome product and i would by another if i needed it . or for a friend . you can not go wrong with this product .
 I originally had an adapter for my tape player , but when my tape player broke I was stuck listening to the radio . Then I remembered these FM transmitters and started to look around . I decided between this and one that was cheaper but only had a few preset stations . I decided to drop more money on this just for the security of knowing I could tune it to every station -LRB- and more -RRB- that my car can.The sound quality is excellent . Only if I turn it up quite loud can I hear any background fuzz . From all of the reviews I was expecting to hear fuzz almost all of the time but this thing works almost as good as my tape adapter -LRB- maybe just as good because I can hardly remember the quality of my tape adapter because it has been so long since I used it -RRB- . Even if there is a station that is coming in quite clear on the current channel it still plays fine . It has happened before that I traveled a long distance to school and when I unplugged the FM transmitter to find that there was a station paying on that same frequency and I had n't noticed a thing.Anyway , I wish I had more to write but it is a pretty simple device and does what it is meant to do and does it very well . I besides less than perfect sound this is a perfect device of it 's kind . I would definitely recommend it .
 I thought i would have a lot of trouble using this item . i have heard not so great things about what people think of over the radio transmitters . But I really like this transmitter ! I only use one station and its pretty clear the whole way.Of course the quality not going to be as crisp as using a direct line , But I gave it five stars because for a Radio transmitter i think this one is very very good.POI
 The Monster RadioPlay 300 works great . It over powers weak fm stations for clear sound . I bought the Monster for my LG Dare phone and works great . I also use it with my IPod . I saw many negative reviews , but do not understand why . I recently went on two trips to Jacksonville , FL and Atlanta , GA. . The RadioPlay worked great . I only had to change the channel one time in Atlanta , to get a station with no static , so I could hear the music clear and never I had a problem in Jacksonville . This is saying a lot if you have ever listened to the radio in these two cities with all of the radio stations they have.I returned two different types of Belkin FM transmitters because I could not find a clear station . The Belkin FM transmitters did not even compare to the Monster Radio Play . It may cost a little more but it is definately worth it !
 This FM transmitter works pretty well , and it 's nice to have the option of a full spectrum of channels to choose from to broadcast to . I use it for listening to podcasts , which are mostly spoken -LRB- i.e. talk radio -RRB- . Sound quality is not as big of a deal for this purpose . For listening to music , I find the background static to be too distracting.Having used other FM transmitters , this one did not perform as well as I was hoping it would . I bought another transmitter from a smaller , lesser known company and the sound quality on that unit was actually much better . Unfortunately , it stopped working after a couple of weeks so I decided to get a higher quality model from Monster , a well known company . Overall , if you 're listening to podcasts , it 's great . For music , I 'd try looking into other options before buying this .
 This is the `` best '' of the several FM transmitters I 've used . - Belkin Battery powered version , so so to bad sound ... got weaker with battery life - Belkin Hard mount with battery charger . Awesome sound , but impractical to leave in Honda Accord ... It 's in the way and offers thieves a target . - Programmable version of another name brand . Sounded scratchy and weak ... took it back - This device is perfect ... I have very clear listening options in my driving area , and the design allows me to keep my IPOD in my lap while driving and change songs effortlessly . It 's simple to use and sounds extraordinarily clear . I love it .
 Does it 's job . The only problem I have found is that it is too easy to hit one of the three preset station buttons and knock the sound out .
 I would totally recommend this product . Thanks to everyone who wrote their own review as it helped me make my final decision . I bought this item for my husband so he could listen to his MP3 player in the car . He does n't have an iPod nor does he have a tape deck in his car . So this wireless radio adapter was the perfect choice . It was easy for him to program and he has even said , `` This is the best invention ever . ''
 This is a pretty decent transmitter . I originally bought an el-cheapo transmitter from Radio Shack , which was pretty much worthless . This transmitter is much , much better . It broadcasts very strong and it is very , very easy to set up . It plugs into the audio jack of my Zune an we can use it in other MP3 players as well . My only complaint , as others have mentioned , is that you have to `` preset '' the frequencies in order to use them . For example , if you 're travelling a distance and need to change the broadcast frequency due to interference , you 'll need to change a `` preset '' frequency , then switch to that new preset . It 's a bit of a pain , but since I do n't travel that far , I do n't need to do this .
 This is the 4th FM transmitter I 've used and is by far the best.My previous transmitters : Belkin TuneCast II - my 1st FM transmitter . Performance = MEHDLO TransCast Universal FM Transmitter - performs no better than the tunecast IIBelkin TuneCast Auto Universal - Excellent look and feel but performs no better than the tunecast II . *** This one generates a stronger FM transmission than my previous FM transmitters ! *** E.x.
 The ability to choose what ever FM channel best fits your area is what sold Monster RadioPlay 300 to me . It works like a charm and Monster products always seem to perform with out a hitch . One of the best purchases of this type I have made . Others brands that I have owned I gave away . This one is a keeper .
 I gave this a 5 star in comaprison to the two other brands I owned before . This item is not without it 's faults , just the best one I 've owned so far . There is static , but it is minimal . I have n't really tried scanning for a station . I plugged in , tuned to the station already showing , and played perfectly .
 I was not expecting such a good sound quality out of this equipment . Even other people have been amazed with the slung quality . I recommend this to anyone .
 Did n't have an aux input for my car ... so Monster 's transmitter works just fine.Sam in Denver
 i 've bought another trnasmitter that cost me $ 80 and this is its competition for 30 dollars and has it beat . the best one out there .
 Low frequencies are not transmitted well at all . If it is n't it the exact right spot then you will hear static . Feels cheap as far as the build is concerned , one drop on a hard surface and it 's done for -LRB- my prediction anyway , I do n't plan on dropping it -RRB- . It 's convenient and easy to use . I pay close attention to audio quality and CD 's sound much better . When I listen to FM radio it sounds much better than this transmitter , so I 'm assuming that they cheaped out on the output strength of the signal . This is good for people who do not care about sound quality and just want a convenient way to play tunes from a digital media player - otherwise , stick to CDs .
 I have used it a few times . It could be easier to change FM channels but it seems to work fine .
 Monster makes the only FM transmitter that seams to have enough power to work ware I live . I have tried other transmitters with no luck and have continued to stick with monster . It 's not always crystal clear but it gets the job done .
 This is a great product ! I had no problems , no static fuzzy soundsBest of all it was for a great price , cheaper then anywhere else I looked .
 I have used this with an old zune , a blackberry and a new ipod , and it works well with all of them . I bought this based on the other positive reviews and was not disappointed . I am mostly not a fan of Monster products , having been a cable , internet and phone field tech for 6 years , but this product suprised and pleased me . I would buy the one with an extra usb output if you have an ipod .
 I like the transmitter and that it has a full range of FM frequencies to choose from . My only complaint is that I have to crank up my volume to make it comfortably audible .
 Purchased this for my wife . I purchased one for myself about 2 years ago and it has performed flawlessly for me . Previously I had purchased three lower-end type FM transmitters from Hong Kong sites on eBay and none lasted more than a few weeks and they all performed poorly - much static , poor reception , blown car fuses , etc. . Amazon had a great price . My wife and I are very pleased with this purchase .
 My truck did only had a CD player and I wanted to hook up my music from my Android to make commuting less boring . I decided against installing an aux input and instead went with the cheaper solution , which was the RadioPlay . The tuner works great where I live , I have n't used any of the other presets except for 88.1 since it works so well . The cord 's 3.5 mm audio jack cord has good length so it can reach people in the backseat if they want a turn to choose a song . And I had no problem fitting the connector in my cigarette lighter socket , despite it being located very close to the other socket . I wish they have an android version with a miniusb charger , but I bought a cheap $ 1.50 miniusb car charger from Amazon that takes care of that problem , just a little more tangled wires however.-1 star for giving me the wrong manual though .
 I use Monster RadioPlay 300 with my iPod on my Boat in Florida . The sound comes cristaly clear . My expectations are met .
 In the past , I 've tried to steer clear of FM transmitters because they just do n't deliver great sound . Unfortunately , with my car 's stereo I had no other options so I decided to bite the bullet and buy a quality transmitter . You really get what you pay for from Monster . This transmitter has a great sound quality , and the programmable buttons make it really easy to find a station that works well . I just wish Monster offered this specifically for my Zune so I could charge the player at the same time , but it is nice having a universal transmitter that can work with my husband 's Archos and my son 's RCA Pearl as well . All in all , this is the best accessory I 've bought for my Zune yet . I should mention that the first one I bought had a bad wire and the right channel dropped out within a few weeks of light use . I contacted Monster Customer Service and they promptly replaced it with no hassle . I just had to drop the defective one in the mail and I had a brand new one in just a few days . I 've been using the replacement transmitter for 6 months without a problem so I 'm confident the first one was a fluke .
 Well for starters I usually do n't buy monster equipment because I think it is usually over priced but I got this on sale , and I am very pleased with it.The sound that this transmits to my car stereo is very clear and crisp and with all the options of different stations , there is always a station that is clear . If it there is static creeping up . Just go to another station.My only gripe is that if there is any sun , any what so ever , you can not see what station you are on . The red plastic + the red LCD + the red/orange/yellow sun = Looks like it is off . If I could always see it , this would have 5 stars .
 I purchased this unit to replace a Coby CA 745 which did n't fit in my Car . I am currently using it with a Creative Zen 16g -LRB- which I love ! -RRB- So far I have been very pleased with the performance . I have had no real interfernece problem to speak of compared with my two prior FM transmitters . I like the presets a lot as with my past transmitters I used to have to switch between 2 stations each day for my commute and the pre-sets make that a lot easier -LRB- Especially when combined with pre-sets on your radio -RRB- . My two negatives would be the price - it 's a little more pricy than the competition and frankly I do n't think having a monster cable as a power cable does much good -LRB- but I 'm no expert on that -RRB- -- after all it 's the quality of the FM transmission not the power that is the problem in most units . My final negative is that the preset buttons are a little easy to get accidently pushed when in the car by various items and the channel occasionally changes as a result . I 'd recommend you keep the preset buttons in a safe area when items in the car ca n't jostle against it . All in all I 'm very happy and I would purchase this again .
 I read many reviews before purchasing this product . It works !!!!!!! Not one complaint what so ever . I live in Springfield Mo. and I suppose that we do n't have the amount of radio stations that some of the larger metro areas have . I read very few somewhat negative reviews but they were only slight in nature as opposed to those of other FM transmitters . Most of the reviews that I read , sang praises to the quality and functionality of the Monster Radio Play 300 FM Transmitter . If you want an ecellent product at a fair price , look no further , You have just found what you are looking for !!!!!!!!!!!! Donnie H.
 The device is at a great price and works very good . The only thing is that it does n't work in one of my cars , which is a chevy express . It works on every other car but not the express which is my work van . Other then that the sound is great , and I do n't have any fuzzy spots . I live in New York and thought that it would be a problem . All I did was find a dead station and it works Great !!!! I use it for my Microsft Zune and would recommend it to everyone .
 It 's been great . Perfect for what I wanted it for.I have seen other models that have a USB output so you can be charging your device or with another cigarette lighter port so you do n't lose the use of the one you got.I like those features so it 'd be nice to have but this one has been super fine!Belkin also has a great website where you put in your ZIP code and it will show you the best stations to transmit .
 Item shiped fast in less than one week that was great.I hooked it up in my 1999 ford f-150 with factory stereo it works fairly well after finding a static free fm signal the only complaint is you have to have music device and car stereo cranked to max to hear at ok level .
 I live in Saint Charles Missouri . I drive tractor trailer between Saint Louis and Cape Girardeau Missouri . Because my job is that of a driver , I use this a lot . I had a different FM transmitter that was n't made by Monster , and I had to search for a clear channel . And I had to change channel when I 'd travel to an area in which I 'd get static . With this FM transmitter I got it 7 months ago and left it on 106.9 . That channel is often noisy with static when this is n't plugged in . When I plug this in the lighter outlet , that noise goes away . I plug this into my smart phone to listen to music -LRB- Rhapsody -RRB- , listen to the scriptures on my bible app -LRB- bible.is -RRB- , and listen to other things through the speakers of whichever vehicle I 'm driving . If I lose this I 'm quickly getting another . I ca n't comment on how it works outside of the Saint Louis and surrounding areas , but it works AWESOME in the Saint Louis and surrounding areas . AWESOME transmitter !!!!!!
 Good product , at first it was getting a lot of interference . then i found a station and it works very well . i think it depends on where you drive . in cities there is a lot more interferance and radio stations . a good purchase , shop the price ... major
 I rated this product with four stars because once I leave an area that does n't carry 107.9 channel it does become very static but overall I am happy with my purchase .
 Great product , transmits perfectly and overides most local FM signals . Outstanding customer service from the dealer .
 When it comes to listening to my MP3 over the radio it gets the job done . Sometimes I hear occasional static , but overall its a good product . What I like about this one verses my old FM transmitter is that it does n't come with preset channels that you ca n't modify . You just search for an empty station and set the transmitter to that station and play your music .
 I have tried several other products and ended up returning them . Got two of these for me and my girlfriend 's Sansas after seeing how well it worked with her daughter 's ipod -LRB- which did not have a connection that could be used with the Sansa -RRB- . Fully programmable for radio stations , easy to use . Has some difficulty in very crowded airwave locations like Boston , but a little fiddling soon found a frequency that worked . Has the strongest transmitter of any that I 've tried - not perfect , but the best product of it 's type that I 've seen and a bargain compared to the prices charged in the big box stores .
 this transmitter is usually about $ 60 . i got it for $ 15 on amazon . it works and its worth it . buy it !
 It 's easy to manipulate this transmitter . However , I can always hear noise , although not too much . Maybe it 's due to the high density of radio frequencies in my aera . When you are driving , there must be some noise . So it wo n't disturb you at all.In all , it 's OK to have this item in your car . Worth the value .
 I did n't have high expectations given the reviews of FM transmitter quality and the pricetag , but this really worked great . It took me a while to find a perfect station that would n't pick up any interference , but once I did I was golden . I can drive all over the city with no static .
 This little transmitter is quite powerful , I do n't live in a huge metro area but there are plenty of stations around and this will `` step on '' them . Of course it wo n't completely overpower most of them , it does take a decently strong station to `` step on '' this transmitter . The sound quality is good , I 'd liken it to a good tape deck . I 've used the Belkin products before and this is much better , the Belkins on an open station were weak at best . This transmitter is even stronger than my Sirius receiver 's transmitter . If you have no option but to use an FM transmitter this is a good one to go with , especially given the low price .
 Outstanding audio transmission through my car radio . I only hear a slight hiss in between songs . No interference during songs ' playback . For those of you interested or say there 's too much hissing or static ; simply put your mp3 player 's volume on it 's highest level , then adjust the volume with your car 's radio . That 's how you get good , clear audio . Low mp3 player volume makes for hissy sounds when you use the car radio volume to raise the volume ; you 're only raising the hissing sound , not the music . So , be sure that mp3 player 's volume is on high first . Fantastic reception .
 I 've had several FM Transmitters for my ipod and this one is by far the best out of all of them . Once you turn it on and tune to the station ... silence ... until you hit play on the ipod . Works great with my Sirius Stiletto and my Slacker G2 Radio also . Absolutely love it !
 I bought this for my work car so I can listen to my ipod when I am driving . I was n't expecting much ... But , it really surprised me ! ... It actually works quite well . Sure , I have had encountered static when I go into some areas which are transmitting on , or close to my stored frequency , but I can easily change to one of the other stored frequencies . Much better than other ones I have tried ... Not a bad item at all ...
 The transmitter works well . It was easy to setup and use . The sound quality is good . No complaints thus far . I am using it with an 80gig Ipod Classic .
 This transmitter works well with my Zune and my son 's Ipod . In fact , it can work with any MP3 player . Just connect it to the earphone jack of the Zune and then switch your car radio to the set station . In my case , the 3 pre-set stations do n't work and so I have re-program one of the 3 buttons to the station with no static . I listen to my Zune while driving static-free .
 I was looking for something to play my MP3 player through my company owned Prius . I looked at adding a `` direct connection '' with DICE or other device , but did n't want the hassle of installation along with the cost . I did a lot of research and the Monster Radioplay 300 fit the bill for me . For < $ 40 I can listen to my MP3 in any car -LRB- not just the Prius -RRB- and the sound quality is as good as any FM Station . Many people state it is CD quality and it may be for their system , but on the basic Prius system this was not so . I had a pleasant surprise when I was traveling from St. Louis to Indy . I pulled off the road and turned off my MP3 and the surprise was that there was an actual station on the setting I was using . The Monster actually overpowered it !!! I would n't of even known this had I not stopped . I did have some interference around the Indy area , but I changed frequencies and all was good . For the money , you ca n't go wrong . If you are a `` diehard '' audiophile -LRB- like I am at home -RRB- this may not be clear enough for you . If you can listen to FM and have no issues with the sound quality in a car , this unit works great !
 The key thing that makes this FM transmitter better than a lot of the Zune FM transmitter is that it does n't charge your Zune . I 'm guessing this allows them to use more power to transmit the FM signal . I 've seen this FM transmitter completely blow out smaller radio stations , so the lack of 87.7 and 87.9 in this device is completely bearable . I have used this particular device in Minneapolis/St Paul and Milwaukee with success .
 Sound quality and construction is well worth the money . I had the Radioplay 200 and I just upgraded to the newer 300 model . There is no feedback or static even within city limits , and the bright LED digital tuning makes it easy to tune into an open station . And whats great is the clear sound from almost every portable music player out there . If you 're still using a car cassette adapter , then this is a definite must have .
 I bought this cable for my Zune since my car has no auxillary inputs or tape deck . The device is easy to set-up , easy to switch stations and save , and puts out pretty good sound considering it IS an FM transmitter . I was really satisfied with this purchase , until now -- less than a year after buying it -- it has broken.The wires inside the cable have somehow disconnected and I have to fiddle around with the cable until it decides to play ONLY through my car 's left speakers or ONLY through my right speakers . It also gets a considerable amount of static now.I would suggest buying this , and I may replace mine with the same thing , but would warn to be careful how you lay the cable or position your MP3 player to avoid bending or twisting the cord too much . Not sure if this is what broke mine but it 's a fair guess . Great product otherwise as far as sound and ease of use , just beware the weak wiring !
 I live outside of Chicago and the airwaves are very crowded with stations , but this still works great . The sound quality is n't perfect , but it 's good and I 'm just glad I can listen to my ipod through my car 's speakers .
 I bought this transmitter because Apple sucks and changed the iPhone charger pin so we have to buy new stuff , and I had to replace my old FM Transmitter.Pros
 I was really happy with this purchase , because it makes listening to the IPOD in the car , so much easier !
 I bought this item so I can play my music from my phone on my radio ... it does that 's the end . I enjoy this transmitter because it gives you a long lengthed cord to plug in your device and uses a car power socket to amplify its sound waves . . the draw backs are sometimes it gives off a fuzzy signal . I Have to turn up my device 's sound up in order to hear it . I would always reccomend plunging right into the radio for the best sound ... but if you do not have that option , this transmitter is pretty good . You will definitely find a station that works well anywhere you go .
 I live in the Cleveland area , and travel frequently to the the Greater Toronto Area by way of Buffalo , NY . In other words , I drive through several larger areas over a 250-300 mile trip . My Monster has never let me down . I have one main station -LRB- 91.9 -RRB- that works almost all of the time . My backups -LRB- 88.3 & 106.7 -RRB- kick in most of the other time . The only times I remember having issues getting reception were in Chicago and Dallas . By the way , this is my second cable of this kind . The first one worked awesome for me for 5 years -LRB- 2005-2010 -RRB- and finally gave up . When it came time to replace it , I did n't think twice about replacing it with the same exact thing . For the roughly $ 30 that it 's being sold for , you ca n't go wrong .
 When I started to look for FM transmitters , i went through several , and they were all terrible -LRB- bad interference -RRB- . I purchased the Monster FM transmitter for my new iPhone 5 based on my experience with one in the past , and it completely delivered . The sound is perfectly clear , and using it I still have n't had a static issue and in Orlando , there are a lot of stations around . The device is also very easy to use , and setting 3 presets means that if you were to have an issue , you can quickly switch without much effort involved . I recommend this device for anyone that does n't have a stereo that supports a digital music player / iPod / iPhone / etc
 Good quality signal . Easy to change the station to a better one . 3 presets can be helpful once you know some good frequencies .
 Works great . Like the three station option . Sound is clear through my Jeep 's speaker system . Works on my iPod and Droid .
 This is one of the better quality Transmitters I was able to find . I had one that was better but I can not remember the brand . It was several years ago and the connection stopped working . I bought this at Best Buy originally for $ 60 . Then i came home and saw i could get it for MUCH cheaper on Amazon and returned it to Best Buy . The quality is pretty damn good . There is still the fuzzy sound on some channels and that may have more to do with the area and the channel itself , but it seemed like my older one did n't do it as often . Overall I am really pleased with it .
 I bought a 2008 CX9 and the aux hookup in the console was not connected . -LRB- came from factory that way -RRB- It was going to cost me $ 160 to have the dealer switch the sirus radio plug out with the aux plug to use it . BAD DESIGN MAZDA !!! But for $ 30 I 'm up and working fine.I think Mazda has fixed this issue in their newer models . Sure would be nice to mabe recall and fix this for the rest of us .
 it works perfect i say get it you wont have many problems at all its the best thing iv bought offline
 was a great product , I can connect any of the audio equipment to the car systems , without any fuss.thank you
 I do not have CD or K7 Player in my BMW , So I just plug this Monster Radioplay 300 device to my cigarette lighter and tune to 88.1 and turn on my IPOD or my Satellite XM radio an it works just fine.This solution saved me many trip to installation store ; and I did not need to purchase a new Radio/MP3 player for my car .
 Purchased this for my husband , worked so well came back and purchased one for myself .
 I am using this item with my Sansa Fuze in a Ford F-150 and it works great . We live in a large metro city and have n't had any other stations `` bleed-in . '' Volume on either the MP3 player or the truck radio must be turned up in order to experience optimum sound . Was considering replacing the truck 's radio prior to buying this product , but that 's no longer necessary .
 I bought my mom an MP3 player for Christmas , and her truck 's stereo system does n't have an MP3 jack or a cassette deck , so her only option was an FM Transmitter . I bought this one for her because I have the same one designed for the iPod and I love it -LRB- the only difference is this one wo n't charge the player -RRB- . The easy-to-follow instructions are on a plastic card attached to the device -LRB- which you can leave attached for future reference if you need it -RRB- . The sound quality is equal to that of an FM radio station broadcast . If you have an available cassette deck , the cassette adapters have a much better sound quality because it 's not competing for airwaves -LRB- plus they 're cheaper and the easiest to use -RRB- . I discovered an additional use for this item that I think is neat and would like to share . Recently I lost the power cord to my cell phone . WalMart did n't have a replacement for my particular phone -LRB- and I REFUSE to pay $ 30 for one at the Verizon store -RRB- . But they did have an adapter that converts a car charger into a wall charger -LRB- Just Wireless brand DC/AC Power Converter for ~ $ 10 -RRB- ; so I 'm able to bring my car charger inside , cram it in this Converter and plug it directly into a standard outlet . I got the bright idea to use it with this Monster Transmitter , and it worked . We just tuned the stereo system in the house to 88.1 , plugged the transmitter into the Converter somewhere near the stereo , and we were able to use it inside , too . Who needs an iHome ?! Ha !
 This item is an excellent solution for those who want to use alternative audio input sources but do not have an auxiliary input jack on their receiver . -LRB- i.e. - ipod , mp3 player , laptop , etc. . . -RRB- I have a well balanced , high powered car stereo purchased in 2003 before the auxiliary input was as common as it is now . The fm transmitter provides sound quality comparable to a finely tuned radio station and I have not heard any outside interference . I am very happy with the purchase since replacing the kind of deck I have with one that allows auxiliary input would be around $ 400.00 .
 We have used the transmitter for a few weeks now . We have used it both with an MP3 player and with an ipod.We were very positively surprised by the sound quality and ease of use . The only thing that sometimes bothers us is that the buttons are quite exposed - if we drive over a higher bump sometimes the button gets hit and then the frequency changes . Now that we are aware of this , we usually cushion the transmitter in a tissue and it works fine . This is a cheap and very useful tool , a great value for a low price ! If I had known how to do it , I would have given 4.5 stars .
 I bought this FM transmitter because it allows you to choose among a wide range of FM frequencies . Luckily , in Austin TX I found a station that works great and does n't sound muddled at all -LRB- 94.3 MHz -RRB- . Like the instructions say , turn your source volume to about half and crank up your car radio . Obviously , wo n't sound like a CD or AUX-in but other than a quiet hiss when paused , I do n't notice too much lost fidelity , certainly none while driving . Overall I 'm pretty happy with this transmitter , but I do recommend scanning your city 's air waves to find an open channel before purchasing , as it certainly ca n't override a commercial station .
 shipped fast.not expensive . good quality . easy to use . plus i really like how the `` M '' and the buttons light up because it makes it easier to see in the dark . easy to understand guide . the universal jack makes it compatible with any music player with standard headphone jack , not just ipods .
 Hook up your Ipod , phone or anything with a full size jack . Provides good sound quality and sure opens your options to whatever you want to hear . Please know that this ONLY works in cars -LRB- unless your house has a smoker thingy plug somewhere near your sound system -RRB- . Very easy to use and configure . Highly recommended to anyone that is tired of switching CD 's or listening to their Ipod in the car with their headphones . Unlimit yourself
 For the price , this works great ... compared to similar products out there , this was at least 1/2 the cost and seems to do just fine . I drive about 4 hrs once a month through mountains and rural areas and have no problem getting decent sound quality the whole time .
 Worked so well my kid stole it from me and put it his car . Just bought another one . Great product and easy to use .
 I bought this to replace a combo transmitter/charger . This one does not give off nearly as much static as my old transmitter . However , I think that is because of the charger . When I do have the charger plugged in at the same time I get static . Otherwise , the sound is almost crystal clear and I live in the city with lots of interference . A big thumbs up on sound quality.The only negatives are
 I am pleasantly surprised by the performance of this item . I had some trepidation after reading the similarly negative comments on a variety of these wireless transmitters . Although we live in a semi-rural area , the FM band has precious few open frequencies , but I found a couple . I did not notice any static , dropouts or interference . Hey , it 's not hard-wired and it 's not a BOSE system , but for the price , it gives a great option for listening to something other than a tape or CD . Having a `` universal '' type transmitter , while not able to charge an ipod , does have the advantage of being able to connect any device .
 Great product - works well when traveling in the car with my Mp3 . Only downside is hunting for radio stations to tune in when traveling to different areas . Do n't do this while driving !
 Not that I have a beef with our beloved KJHK , but it makes a good point -- this thing is really strong . I had , up until now , a Belkin Tunecast , which would n't even overpower background noise on an empty station half the time . This thing makes it sounds like you actually put a CD in ... okay , I know the quality physically ca n't be that good , but this is as close as it gets -LRB- unless you have a tapedeck -RRB- . It 's loud , it 's clear , hell even the lows come in when the mp3 player is at full volume ! A + piece of work.Yeah , the having to preset stations is kind of annoying for road trippin ' , but not annoying enough to not give this product five stars . Unless you travel a lot , the preset feature wo n't even be a bother .
 This Monster product performs quite well and taking the time to find the ` right ' empty airspace makes all the difference , please note that some tracks play extremely well , but others come across scratchy and a bit fuzzy . I am quite happy with the product , my only real wish is that it would be nice to have an ` on/off ' switch .
 This is the fifth FM transmitter I have tried since I got my ipod 3rd gen. The first three I tried in my Ford Expedition had static at unacceptable levels -LRB- I consider these transmitters high end by price -RRB- . With that I used a cassette adapter which worked very well until the cassette player quit . I then tried a Griffin iTrip LCD Dock Connector which has such a weak transmission I had to turn the volumes all the way up and it stll was not loud enough . The Monster RadioPlay 300 was the last transmitter I was going to try before changing out the radio and the RadioPlay worked well beyond my expectations even with Expedition antenna in the right rear window . It 's still not as good as a direct connection and an angle plug would have been nice .
 I have thoroughly enjoyed my Monster FM transmitter ! I have not had the resources to install a new deck and this little gem does the trick . I get really tired of commercial radio , so I can plug in my Mp3 player and really enjoy listening to music again . Definitely worth the 27 bucks !
 I read reviews on various gadgets of this type , and purchased this because of the reviews of this product on Amazon.This is the best of any that I 've used or heard about . A must in older vehicles , which do n't have the insert to connect your MP3 directly . Price was great , especially compared to a Radio Shack version , which was much bulkier & twice the price .
 I ordered this for use while deployed . This transmitter is extremely clear . It also has enough power to override most of the statis from other radio stations . The buttons are sometimes confusing to use but anyone who can use a computer can figure out how they work.Great product and received quickly . Great seller !
 Got that ding darn cable running around my car getting tangled in my sody pop bottles but ding dangit if this Monster radio thinger is n't just the perfect dang thing . No muss , no fuss , my ding dang slypod just works and works and works . I live in a rural town so prolly not a good test of the interference potentialities but wowie zowie this thing works , and that is saying something in this crazy hazy world of 2012 .
 my cd player in my car does n't work and instead of buying a new stereo I decided to purchase an FM transmitter so I could listen to music in the car . I have owned cheap ones in the past and have found them to be basically worthless - the signal barely would work , the music sounded terrible , the device had to be sitting next to the antenna , etc. etc. etc. . I decided I would drop a little extra money to get the Monster FM transmitter because there was no point in wasting money if it did n't perfectly.And this one does . No problems , easy set up , works from the front seat of my car with a back in-window antenna . It also worked in my roommate 's car with an outside antenna . The reception and sound clarity are great and it even looks pretty stylish in my cigarette lighter port.It was a LITTLE pricey -LRB- I could have purchased a new stereo - albeit a cheap junk one - for a little more -RRB- but it matched or exceeded my expectations in regard to functionality and I paid the extra for that purchase so I ca n't mark it off for that . Basically , if you need an FM transmitter , you can not go wrong with this .
 You need to spend a few minutes hunting down the best stations , but once you get them , it 's fine . I never even have to change from my first station to the others , and I live in around a very metropolitan area -LRB- Washington DC -RRB- . If you find yourself needing to change stations frequently , then make your radio presets for 1 , 2 , and 3 match the Monster 's presets for 1 , 2 , and 3 . Simple.To get the best possible sound quality , knock your MP3 player/iPod up to 1-2 notches below max , then adjust your radio to the desired sound . Putting the MP3 player on max will cause the FM modulator to lose quality , but you want to keep the volume on the radio as low as possible , since that 's where you pick up and amplify the majority of the buzz.The device transmits well regardless of where it is in the car as well . I 've got a 12v DC plug in the arm rest between the passenger and driver seats , so I keep the transmitter in there , with the cable coming out to my iPod . It 's a strong signal.No problems thus far with a weak cable causing static/cutting out , but I 'll update if that starts to happen too quickly . I 've had it for about a month now .
 Bought this adaptor for my daughter for Christmas . She has an older vehicle and wanted to play her IPhone andPandora through her car speakers . This is just what whe needed ! The best price is on Amazon
 I had to buy this because Apple changed the connector on the new iPod Nano , but this works even better than the Monster adapter I had before . It is provides a good clear connection . It 's worth the extra dollars over other the cost of other similar products .
 just got it yesterday , used it today for the 1 ` st time , it works great as long as my phone case is off my phone . with the case on it cant make a ggod connection
 I have gone through half a dozen cheap transmitters . Some worked great for a short time , others never worked very well . This transmitter is wonderful . It has great sound quality , and great reliability ! I own multiple now , for our vehicles , and will never buy any other .
 Works great ! It was shipped in a very short time and I got the package very fast . I would recommend anyone looking for a similar product to buy this one .
 the best fm transmitter I have found for the money . Only thing better was if it would charge my android phone . LOL
 I experienced the same static problems as a lot of the other viewers . Turn down the volume on your source . If you are using an ipod , turn the volume down and turn it up in your car . When the volume is maxed , you will get a ton of static . If you reduce it down to about 75 % it will play just fine . Easy setup and use after the initial issue .
 I enthusiastically endorse this product -LRB- shame it 's not in stock right now as I type this -RRB- . I purchased the iRiver AFT 100 and the Belkin TuneCast II after buying this product , and was able to do a direct comparison . I live in the San Diego area which is flooded with FM radio stations where it 's difficult to find an empty , available radio station . My best bet with each player was 88.1 , which I used to test all three products . The TuneCast was first up
 I bought this item at the local Circuit City a few weeks ago and I must say this was one of the best investments for my MP3 player I 've ever made . I like the fact that you can tune this transmitter digitally instead of using a wheel and having to `` guess '' what station you are on . I have the transmitter set to 3 stations
 The Monster RadioPlay 300 Universal FM Transmitter is highly useful for playing mp3 players in the car , and unlike a lot of other FM transmitters out there , it works . The best thing about this transmitter is its full spectrum -LRB- 88.1 to 107.9 -RRB- , which is essential if you live in a metro area -LRB- where a lot of stations are usually taken -RRB- . I use this for my Microsoft Zune , and the sound is almost CD-quality , most of the time . You have to make sure , however , that the cord connected to the player does n't move too much , though , because if it twists or gets pulled out a little , the sound becomes `` static-y '' and it may even drown out the music . So find a steady spot to hold your player and make sure the cord is n't pulled on by anything . This was really the only reason for the 4-star rating opposed to a 5-star rating . Another tip - if the bass sounds excessively static-y , try turning down the volume on the Zune -LRB- it worked for me -RRB- . Before you try it out , try finding the blankest radio station you can find , and program it into one of the Monster 's presets . The transmitter seems to work better if it is playing through a station saved as a preset rather than one you just found . The reality is that CD 's have the best quality sound in almost any car system . With mp3 players , you 're stuck with cassette adapters and FM transmitters for the most part . But that is n't necessarily bad . A tape adapter comes pretty close to a CD-sound , and I 'd put them ahead of transmitters just because you do n't have to change stations while travelling long distances . The Monster Universal Transmitter is n't far behind either , providing you find a blank station . It works awesomely on a very blank channel . This is the third transmitter I 've tried , and it works the best ... by far . Other FM transmitters do n't even deserve to be mentioned along side it -LRB- maybe I just bought the crappy ones ? -RRB- . It is highly worth the price .
 Ive had a Belkin Tunecast II for a year and a half until the wire gave out ... I was all set to but another one , but thought better of it , I always hated the auto on/off feature of the Tunecast II ... I then ordered the Tunecast III , and while I liked some of the new pluses over the II , it was actually weaker in signal strength over it 's predecessor , so I returned it . Looking around I noticed the praise that the Monster RadioPlay series of FM transmitters got , and thought to myself , maybe it 's worth it to spend a little more , and try this baby out ... BOY , am I happy I did , the Monster RadioPlay 300 is by far the strongest FM transmitter Ive ever seen !!!!!!!! THIS THING ROCKS !!!!! I highly recommend it !!!! Also , buy it from Amazon directly , even though it may cost a few bucks more , it 's SO worth it , they shipped it to me in ONLY 2 days !!!!!!!!!
 I have had this for over a month now . Previously I used the Sony DCC-FMT3 Car FM Stereo Transmitter and I have tried others that I have returned because they were not as good as the Sony -LRB- Griffin makes at least one of those that I returned -RRB- . I wanted a second transmitter that I could use in my wife 's car and this is the one that I settled on . The Sony has an antenna cable that can be strung out to improve the sound quality . This one does not and it works as good.This is more compact and is easy to use and if I wanted to get another one , this is the one that I would get because of past experience .4 stars because of the inherent technology . When using the aux input on some stereos , the volume of the device does not need to be turned up , but with all that I have tested on any of the transmitters , either the volume of the device needs to be turned up or the volume of the stereo needs to be turned up , or both.This and the Sony have given me the best performance , so far .
 I have purchased 5 other transmitters -LRB- all but one returned -RRB- and borrowed several other models/brands from friends/family . This one is the BEST BY FAR . Very little distortion even at high volumes , strong enough signal to block modest FM bleed , and transmits lower frequencies better than any -LRB- subwoofer actually works well -RRB- . I have used this in four different vehicles , all with decent audio systems . Programming frequencies into the three buttons is a little arcane , but does the job .
 If you 're a buyer in Connecticut , I hope this review will aid your purchase decision . After buying a cheap -LRB- ~ $ 10 -RRB- FM transmitter and returning it , this one was recommended by a friend who has the iPod version . Prior to its arrival , I scanned the entire FM band for dead stations and found five good ones to try . It turned out that all of them were good candidates to use with this transmitter . All of the stations I selected work well in various parts of the state
 I have a Microsoft Zune and bought it for car use mainly . I hate what 's on the radio today and CD 's just do n't cut it anymore . I had previously bought the Belkin Tune Cast II and liked it but he wire went bad and it quit working . So I bought this hearing that it was good . It confused me at first on how to change the presets , but after that I was amazed and the sound quality that came out of the transmitter . It 's just like listing to a CD . At first I heard cracking when songs with heavy base played but then turned the volume down on my Microsoft Zune . Problem solved . If you listen to your MP3 player in the car I highly recommend getting this superb product .
 Alright this will be the third one I will have ordered . I have used other products like this but this one seems to work the best and have the clearest sound . The first one worked for about a year , second one only about 3 months . It seems like the wires inside the cable get loose or short out . That happened twice , so im going to try to be more gentle with the third .
 This thing is excellent !! Way better than the built-in FM modulator in my satellite radio . Our XM radio has a built in transmitter and it is really bad . I was hesitant to try another one . This was a great choice !! It is quick and easy to set up and use and the sound quality is fantastic ! We use this in my wife 's Volvo because there is no direct input for her iPod -LRB- and no way to add one due to Volvo 's fiber-optic system ! -RRB- This was our last hope and it has proven to be well worth the money !! Very nice job to folks at Monster !!
 I use this in Chicago , back and forth from the city to the suburbs . I get far better reception with this transmitter than I did with my previous one -LRB- a Belkin -RRB- . It 's not 100 % intuitive to use , even though it has only 3 buttons but a handy instructions tag on the cord solved any confusion I had.With my old FM transmitter , the sound was a little bit hollow but I do n't have that problem with this one at all . It sounds great . Two thumbs up !
 This is the second converter that I have used . While I still get interference , I do n't attribute this to Monster but to my antenna - as explained in their manual . My Pontiac GrandAm has a windshield antenna and the metal in the glass can cause static . When I have a clear signal , the sound quality of this converter is excellent , far superior to the cheap brand I used before . The only complaint I have , stated in an earlier review as well , is that you ca n't just scroll up or down to a different station . You have to scroll to pick a channel and then lock it in to one of 3 presets . For the average user that drives in the same area this should cause no issues . If you travel from town to town frequently then you might find this annoying . Again , sound quality from this is far superior and I recommend this highly to anyone that wants to connect their smartphone or MP3 player to their existing car radio that does n't have an aux input . Enjoy !!
 This is the best FM transmitter I have ever had . I have been using it for more than 3 years and it has n't let me down once . All the other FM transmitters I 've tried have either terrible signal or are non-programmable . The signal is pretty clear even when I forget to change it to an empty station . The quality of the build is also spectacular . I have left it in my car for 3 years straight and it still works perfectly . I live in Los Angeles and the temperature gets around 90-105 degrees fahrenheit during the summer and my car is a dark color . I always worry that the heat would kill my transmitter but it has n't . Because I could n't afford $ 100 for a stereo with auxiliary port and $ 50 for installation this was the best choice . Just remember to search online for the best `` empty '' stations in your city !
 I have purchased other devices similar to this one and not had nearly the clear reception as this one . I spent much less and get much better results.I do recommend this transmitter . I will be purchasing another one for my daughters vehicle .
 Works to get the music from MP3 player to vehicle reciever/sound system . Not the cleanest way to listen , but without an auxillary input to the vehicle system , the FM transmitter works well enough . Has made letting go of satalite radio much easier ! Overall , seems to work pretty well .
 I 've been using this FM transmitter for about 3 weeks , and it has been working perfectly . I had no trouble finding a station to use -LRB- I live in a large metropolitan area so I was worried about this -RRB- . The instructions that come on the device are easy to follow , and it sounds exactly as I expected for an FM transmitter .
 I love this tuner ! It gives me 3 presets of my choice , so there is always a station availbule . The price cant be beat , not for this nice of a tuner .
 I was searching for a new cassette adapter to use a cd player in my van , assuming there were no other options out there . But I discovered that I could plug this into my van and MP3 player and it 's even better ! The reception and presets have been fine for my area and even when I traveled up through New England . So easy to use , in fact I do n't even need to do anything but plug it in when I want it . I have used it with a generic USB drive MP3 player , nothing fancy about it , and it still works great !
 Product was a gift but gift recipient says it works great ! She has a 1990 Honda Accord and she uses this item to play her ipod or phone -LRB- pandora , etc -RRB- through her car radio speakers
 I really love my Monster 300 . I have tried 3 other fm trasmitters and none were acceptable . My brother has the Monster RadioPlay 300 also , he loves it also . So I just finally bought one and glad I did .
 This product works very well , Especially for the cost . I bought a wireless one prior to this and it only lasted about a week then died for no reason , this one is well into its sixth month of being beat around , left out in a 100 + degree car as well as a 0 - and below car . It transmits well , but still gets interference with some things inside the vehicle . Even transmits well enough so i can pick it up if I 'm wearing protective headphones with built in radio while working around my vehicle -LRB- up to about 30 feet away maybe -RRB- Which is nice . This is a good product overall .
 I use this FM transmitter for my iPhone 4 as an alternative to the horrible selection of radio stations available in my area -LRB- Northern California -RRB- . Plug it in , and go ... it 's very easy to use . However , with all FM transmitters you 'll get occasional static and interference . I wo n't fault this product for that , but I will say the sound quality is acceptable at best . If you find yourself hearing crackling/distortion , try lowering the volume on your device ... THEN turn your stereo volume up instead , it makes a big difference .
 I 've used a LOT of radio transmitters . And this is the best of them . As with all transmitters , it 's a science to find the balance of the volume on your audio device and the volume on your radio . But once you find it , this baby does it 's job . And it does it well . So well in fact , you can hear it turn on . The radio will turn from a whisper of static to complete silence . I did n't expect anything less from a Monster product and I was not disappointed .
 Works seemlessly with my DroidX , now I am able to stream Pandora from my phone . I drive a semi so I go through many states and rarely have to change the station . I could n't be happier .
 I previously owned the version of this transmitter that had the ipod charger/connector on it . I bought that in 2005/2006 and it worked flawlessly for me up until the day someone smashed in my passenger window and stole it with my ipod still connected to it . I immediately went to amazon to replace it and found that they now had a version that had a headphone jack connection instead which I like because it can be plugged into just about any device , not just apple products . The sound quality is the best of any FM transmitter I 've ever used but to be perfectly honest it does get static sometimes when I 'm driving through Chicago or other big cities . I do n't think there exists a transmitter that is not susceptible to this problem in areas where the FM band is saturated . It does only have the option for 3 presets but I 've never needed more than that so I cant say its a problem for me and once you figure out how to change the presets you 'll realize its not worth complaining about . For what ever its worth I use this transmitter mainly in southeastern Michigan , Ann Arbor and Detroit being the biggest cities I 've used it in and rarely , if ever , do I have problems with static .
 I had the Monster Radioplay 200 and it got a short in the cable thanks to leaving it out in my car , which turns into an oven in this Arizona heat.I tried a Sony DCC FMT3 since I could n't find the Radioplay 200 in any stores . Disappointed in the product -LRB- way too much static and cumbersome wires -RRB- I turned to the net and found Monster 's next version of the Radioplay.Just like the 200 , this model gives the least amount of static I believe you 'll ever find in an FM transmitter . It performs just about the same as I drive through various settings from isolate desert to crowded avenues . I rarely get ` tuned out ' by someone else 's transmitter , or whatever the deal is that lets someone else 's music come through my radio . With the Sony , it happened way too often.The sound does n't get compromised , either . Bass is still as clear and crisp as your speakers allow . With the Sony , bass caused static , which I think is one of the most annoying things in the history of man.I do n't know if its just the unit I rec 'd , but the buttons on this one are very flimsy , not nice and tight in their seating.Also , its not obvious how to seek for stations . You 're going to have to peek at the manual.Other than those gripes , this is the best transmitter I think you can find.Update - Just like my 200 , the 300 has shorted out as well . The unit still gets power evident by the part plugged into the cigarette lighter still lights up . But the short prevents power to the actual FM transmitter part . Again , I left the unit in my hot vehicle ... so that is probably what caused the end of both products . But ... maybe not . I 'm not sure I want to dish out another $ 35 to find out . Still , this IS the best I 've had as far as reception and clarity go ...
 This item is perfect , easy to use , great sound the only thing that it does not do is charge the Ipod . When I am in the market for another one that is one thing that I would look for .
 This is the second Monster RadioPlay 300 I 've purchased . The first one worked wonderfully for years and I never had a problem with it until I left it in my car on a very hot August day - something melted and the connection was bad after that . I would blame myself rather than the device for that mishap , I should have known better ! After that I bought a more expensive device by a different brand name and hated it -LRB- horrible reception ! -RRB- . I 've now purchased another Monster -LRB- exact same model I had before -RRB- , used it for the first time this morning and love it ! I have never had any reception problems with either Monster device , and I travel long distances by car frequently . it is very user friendly and easy to operate , and by far the best product for Ipod carplay that I have used . I would recommend this to anyone who was in the market for one !
 I live in Chicago and have no problems getting a clear radio station . In fact it is powerful enough to transmit over a partial station with little or no crackle and hiss . I have had monster cable ipod versions of this product and there was always a high pitch hiss . This FM transmitter does n't have any hiss . The cable is a nice length and weight.The best feature is the versatility , you can use it for your apple products or any other device with a 3.5 mm port . Perfect for pandora or music off your phone .
 When I bought my car I got a what I thought was a cheap $ 40 FM transmitter . -LRB- not this one . -RRB- I had nothing to compare it to , it sounded maybe just a little worse than my regular FM radio stations . I thought this was terrible quality , I wanted better . Well , once the cables finally came loose -LRB- cheap quality -RRB- and I needed to buy a new one I was spending more than twice the amount I paid for that first transmitter . The pros were that I was getting charging and play features in one , however the sound quality on these nearly $ 100 FM transmitters was HORRIBLE , constant buzzing in the background , very frequent static . I went through a total of three of what I thought was top quality transmitters until I came to this one . Now even though I 'm not getting the charging the sound quality is once again comparable to the radio stations and this is whats important.I can not say for sure , but in my opinion the reason is this one and my first transmitters work through the headphone jack . How the cables came loose on my first one will sure not happen to this one , the build quality is much much better . I was reluctant to buy this transmitter , it took me a while buying others and returning until I came to this one . I hope others will read this and make the correct choice right away.I 'll also like to point out one of the other transmitters I had was able to broadcast on 87.9 and below -LRB- not positive if that is the correct station -RRB- and even those were not as clear as this one.So overall this is a great buy and I can say with confidence as I wait a good period to test out products before I review them . Just don not expect great quality as it is only a FM transmitter not a AUX or USB .
 Great product , it has a great sound -LRB- for an FM Transmitter -RRB- , the volume is great , it even overtakes on some local stationsit wo n't dissappoint you.I compared it with a Kensington LiquidFM Plus for MP3 Players FM Transmitter and with a generic FM transmitter and it won by a lot .
 Buying an FM Transmitter can be a crap shoot because each one may work differently in each area and each vehicle . This one worked perfectly in my 04 Mustang on Frequency 88.7 , but when I tried to use the same frequency in an 08 Silverado , it was very static-y . But I just changed the frequency to 88.3 and it worked perfectly again . I really like this product , especially because I had the Griffin iTrip before and that thing sucked on all levels . The only problem I have with this product is that it does not charge th iPod like others do , but I can deal with that .
 I 've been using this FM transmitter for my new 80GB zune , and so far it has been great . It has a pretty powerful signal , so it was n't very difficult to find channels to use . There has n't been any static , even when the transmitter is sitting on my passenger seat , and the sound quality is very good . The transmitter does not have a charger , so if you want to charge your Zune or iPod or other mp3 player , you 'll need to either by the more expensive transmitter with the charger , or a splitter and a separate charger . The only qualm I have with it is the buttons for the three saved channels are a little sensitive , so sometimes if I accidentally bump it or if stuff starts to move around next to it , it will switch channels . But it has worked great so far . A good investment .
 Finally - an FM transmitter that works . It 's not going to replace a wired connection , but I 've had no problems keeping a signal on it from my way to and from work . I 've had problems with an analog transmitter but this one is locked into the station you set it at . I 'm very satisfied .
 I received a 4 GB Creative Zen mp3 player for my annivesary . -LRB- 5 stars for that too , by the way -RRB- . I tried 3 transmitters before I tried the monster . One was an e-bay accessory bundle special which was crap . The second was an Accurian which the Radio Shack guy says he has and works great . Not for me it did n't . Then I tried a GE from Target . Nope . So I broke down and bought the Monster . WOW ! I get crystal clear reception on multiple channels and I am in the Twin Cities . It also worked great on a recent vacation to rural Michigan . I am very impressed with this and would recommend it for anyone .
 This is by far the best FM transmitter I have ever heard . I 've gone through quite a few cheaper ones , which all had bad quality . I live near Chicago , so it 's actually difficult to find a dead FM channel , but this transmitter will override a weaker station . It 's a little more money than the average transmitter , but the sound is amazing , unlike any other product I 've heard . You do have to turn up the radio and your MP3 player louder than normal to get loud sound , but it has great bass and everything you could want .
 I just picked this up at RadioShack yesterday based on the reviews of others here , and I have to say that this works great ! I originally tried using the Car Pack v2 for my Zune , but it would constantly cut in an out no matter which radio station I chose . Then I tried the Monster RadioPlay 300 transmitter on a 3-hour car trip today and it worked flawlessly . I passed through several cities -LRB- some a lot bigger than others -RRB- , and I did n't have to change from my 88.3 FM setting the entire time.Another thing that I ca n't currently explain but plan to investigate further is that my battery level on my Zune 80 did n't drop at all during the trip when using this transmitter . It 's almost like it was charging the device as I was using it through the audio port . I do n't know if this is actually possible , but it 's still a cool thought.I highly recommend this product !
 I have n't tried any other FM transmitters , but this one gets the job done for me . One thing to note , this is strictly for car use as the only power source for the device is a cigarette lighter jack . I do occasionally get interference if I 'm at a gas station or under an overpass , but 95 % of the time the sound quality is fine as long as I 'm transmitting to a frequency that is n't in use .
 I bought this with an inexpensive mp3 player so I could have some music in my truck without paying a few hundred dollars on a nice aftermarket head unit . It works as I expected ... I would n't pay the $ 50 some are advertised at though . Biggest problem I have in the metro Detroit area is trying to get a clean radio band ... so I get static and have to change channels a bit.Overall , its as expected , nothing amazing , but it does what it says .
 I , like many , have experienced much frustration with FM transmitters . They are all useless.Except this one . It 's not going to be the same quality as an aux input , but this is as good as it gets with an FM signal . If you 're looking for a transmitter , your search ends here .
 I received this transmitter about a month and a half ago and I am satisfied with it . I was just happy that it worked with my Sony Walkman Mp3 player . The sound quality is not omg ! This is Great but it is good enough . I am thinking it depends on your sound system in your car and the quality of your mp3s . It is easy to use which is good . Overall I am happy with it . If you are not really picky and looking for something to play your MP3 players that is not an IPOD this transmitter will do . I have no complaints about this product . I am a satified customer .
 Works great ! Live in metro Salt Lake City and have no problems finding a station that has no interference . Huge plus to be able to pick any frequency . No cons for me .
 This worked very well on my boat with no static interference at all . I 'm glad I purchased it , it was well worth the money .
 It works great in my truck and the quality is real good . its better than any other fm transmitter I 've gotten from Amazon and it delivered a day sooner than expected . Overall , Im really satisfied thanks guys !
 I have tried several transmitters over the years , and had an older product of this type that I lost in a rental . I have access to a car without an aux port or usb now , and needed it again ... . Device transmits very well and has the ability to over power local stations if you do n't bury the transmitter . Good buy !
 I purchased this for my daughter for her birthday . It arrived very quickly . My daughter says it is very easy to use , however , it does not charge her ipod . You still need to connect ipod to computer to charge .
 As cars evolve with other devices , there is a need to add something that was never conceived when being developed . Enter the world of digital music vs cassette or CD 's . The Monster FM Transmitter is one of those devices which bridges the ability to connect an MP3 player or a phone to a car audio system . The Monster RadioPlay does exactly what is advertised as long as one can find a frequency on the FM ` dial ' that is not in use . CrazyOnDigital promptly delivered the item that I ordered on Amazon and I would gladly use them again if I have the need for other items
 Product as described , excellent price a must have for car stereo & easy to use ! buy yours now you wont regret it is a monster product the best in the market .
 A little static , but what can you expect from something that does n't direct connect . Best for the money and worth it if you have no usb or aux input on your radio .
 i love it.and is very easy to set up.there is no noise when you play music anyway i love it and would recommended
 I have an older vehicle and this product made it so I can use my mp3 player and enjoy the music I like , fast shipping and I am very pleased
 My boyfriend had one and it worked perfectly in his car and that was a year ago . He lost it and I was tired of buying the one from Belkin from walmart -LRB- which recently went WAY up in price $ 50 + -RRB- and I knew this one would be great quality ! The sound is great and it feels durable ! Love it and happy that it arrived a day early !
 Works well most of the time . Occasionally I do get a bit of hissing but for the majority of the time it sounds pretty good .
 We have tried several of these transmitters and this one has worked the best for us . We connect either our mp3 player or smart phone to play music in the car . The signal is clear and we do n't have to keep changing it to another station , it stays strong . The only problem that we 've encountered is that the wire breaks easily inside near the thicker black part where it goes into the silver part . This renders it unuseable . You need to take caution in moving it around a lot flexing the wire . Other than that an excellent product .
 I like this product a lot but at times it seems to not work and is very hard use the functions
 Sure it may not be as good as a hard wire , but it allows me to play the contents of my Walkman in my car , my work truck -LRB- neither of which have a front panel input -RRB- , and even in my Jeep -LRB- which has a cassette player -RRB- . It is another dongle hangin ' off my dash . I 'd prefer the display was attached to the ac adapter , like the slick looking Coby CA-745 , but this has three FM presets and better user ratings . I am lovin ' it !
 I have had no problems with this transmitter , I had another one that I had picked up at Walmart , however it started to come apart shortly after I started using it . This one however seems to be holding up just fine
 I really enjoy having XM radio and when I have to use my wife 's vehicle or a rental vehicle this transmitter allows me to make my XM even more portable .
 This product is the bomb ! I have been looking for a way to play my MP3 player in the car , and this product is exactly what I was looking for ! Thank you !
 The adaptor for my iphone & car stereo work as expected . Not as clear as one would hope but does what is needed for my older vehicle . Price via Amazon was great , half of what Radio Shack wanted for same item . A good deal .
 Monster RadioPlay 300 Universal Full Spectrum FM Transmitter MBL-FM ... Easy way to connect a music player to car stereo when there is no plug-in on the car unit . There is some interference when driving near radio transmitters . You can select a different frequency to help avoid this or a mile later and it 's gone . I use this device most anytime I 'm driving and am satisfied with it 's performance .
 I am using this with my iPhone 3G . Its just perfect . No static sound what so ever .
 I bought a useless chinese product from meritline and wasted money . Was hesitant but eventaully bought this product just because of all the reviews . Honestly just read all the reviews and they are good , exactly to the point . Honestly i found my product better than the reviews . I wanted a good , easy to use product with good sound transmission . And offcourse i bought it from eforcity with whom i had good experience . I hate to contact the retailer so its the reliability i want combined with one of the lowest prices out there .
 This product works great , especially compared to the Belkin Fm Transmitter that I had before . This one keeps a consistent sound all the way home on my 1 hour commute home . My other one would always have frequency and static noise and I always had to move the transmitter or my phone -LRB- which is my MP3 player also -RRB- around to find a good sound . With this one , I just hook it up and it stays the same all of the time . I also have a hookup with my phone so I can talk through a microphone and listen through the speakers and the other callers said they could hear fine without all of the static . Very stable product . I only rated the optional ratings at a 4 because this is such a new item and I might come back and bump that up to a 5 rating . Overall I did rate it as a 5 .
 My wife and I use this in conjunction with a Sandisk Sansa MP3 player . The sound quality is that of a perfectly tuned in radio station . Although , it is a bit heavy on the bass . But that could be how our MP3s are encoded too . Not quite sure . As you 'd expect , everything is plastic , but as long as you do n't throw it across the room for whatever reason , I do n't see it breaking on us any time soon . Very decent product for the money .
 Product worked fine and even has a slot to charge the ipod while using the FM transmitter .
 I have tried a few different transmitters and finally threw them away . This one produced the best quality of any that I 've tried and I will be keeping this one as well as ordering two more for gifts .
 It 's nice to finally have something that will work with an MP3 player other than an IPod . Product works great !
 I was surprised how well my music sounds when using this thing . I drove from Providence , RI to Montreal , QC and barely had to change the channel . It overpowers almost any radio station around .
 I use this Monster with my ZEN Mozaic . Works generally well , although during longer trips I have to switch stations often . I guess that 's not the transmitter 's fault . It is a bit difficult to do while driving ! Otherwise sound is great !
 I have no problems with this unit , which is able to use all the available frequencies in the FM band -LRB- except those in the low 88 MHz end -RRB- . Since it has a standard 1/8 '' headphone adapter , it can be used for any type of device that has audio output -LRB- iPod , Zune , Zen , Laptop , etc -RRB- . I love this feature , as previously , I had different radio transmitters for each of my music players -LRB- so when my iPod stopped working , I still had the radio transmitter which I could not use anymore -RRB- . Even if the station you set the radio transmitter to comes in where you live , once you turn on your music player , you will only be hearing your music -LRB- and not the radio station -RRB- .
 I bought this as a gift . The recipient is still pleased , it works much better than his other FM transmitter .
 Setup is tricky ... instructions are not very clear . Easy to `` bump '' it and change the frequency setting . Otherwise , it seems to work better than any of the others we have tried and I 'd recommend it .
 This FMtuner is the best . I really recommend it to anyone . Fast delivery , good prices , will purchase from seller in the future . Thanks
 I love this thing ! I was so worried about which one to purchase because almost every review of every type of car / IPOD adapter complained of a muffled sound . This one was recommended by a friend.When I received it , it was extremely simple to set up . The sound was very low at first until I realized that the IPOD volume was set very low . For best sound quality , set your IPOD volume and leave it at 75 % , and then use the radio volume to adjust from there on out , and you 'll have a clear sound.I have n't had any problems , and I 'm extremely happy that I chose this one .
 This is a wonderful gadget . I think everyone who has an mp3 player and vehicle to get this item . I use it everyday !
 I really enjoy this transmitter . However , I wish it would also charge my mp3 player like most transmitters do .
 This thing works great . You plug it into your 12v outlet in your car , plug the other end into the headphone jack of anything from an iPod , mp3 player , cell phone , iPhone , whatever ... Then you just find a radio station that absolutely does not come in at all - like finding the most static , and tune it to that station and you 're all good to go.I know people complain about having to change the station sometimes if you are driving - yeah , that 's gona happen . and this thing is a great product for $ 30 . if you do n't want to deal with a radio connection , then go spend hundreds on a new stereo with an aux or iPod input and you 'll be fine.this thing is great for the price !
 I recently brought this prior to a trip to/from PA to FL so I could use my MP3 Player rather than deal with piles of CD 's . The product worked great . The ease of programing three preprogrammed FM stations on the Transmitter , and setting matching settings on my car 's FM2 tuner allowed for a quick and easy change if even the slightest fuzz in the sound clarity was encountered . I had no problems the entire trip . It was well worth the investment . Yea , it 's not a direct axillary jack connection to the car 's audio system , but , for 2-3 hundred bucks less , and not having your car ripped apart to get one installed , it 's a bargain . Well worth tolerating a second 's worth of static to switch between stations . So far , in my local driving , I 've found one FM setting that seems to work everywhere I travel .
 I have tried three different brands in my quest to be able to listen to podcasts while driving . This one has the best electronics of the three , and I would strongly recommend it over the Belkin competition , but I actually find myself using a no-name off brand model -LRB- for which I have forgotten the name -RRB- more often due to the form factor of the latter -LRB- the off brand charges my Sansa Fuze , plays audio directly through the same connection , and mounts securing in the cigarette lighter without the long cord of the Monster RadioPlay.MonsterPros :1 -RRB- Very easy and convenient to see what frequency is broadcasting -LRB- bright red LED 's ! -RRB- 2 -RRB- Very easy to change by feel -LRB- no need to take eyes off the road - three large preset toggle buttons3 -RRB- Fairly good signal strength , about as good as they get -LRB- which is not a lot , esp . in big cities where you may or may not be able to find a frequency lower powered enough to use -RRB- 4 -RRB- Cord appears to be used as an antenna , so it is position sensitive -LRB- sometimes draping it over a seat will allow the signal to better reach the antenna -LRB- esp . if you have an external one like my car -RRB- .5 -RRB- Good sound quality for what it is -LRB- Monster apparently filters out my alternator 's interference as I do n't hear it any when using this transmitter .6 -RRB- Cool looking cigarette lighter plug logo glows when powered - this is very helpful when trying to troubleshoot -LRB- is the cigarette lighter plug loose ? no , the light is on ... -RRB- Cons :1 -RRB- Cord wrangling is a bit of a nuisance , not terribly long , but sometimes you have to fish the device back into arms reach so you can change the frequency when a new station comes into range .2 -RRB- Does not charge your Sansa Fuze ... just an audio +12 v in , FM out device .3 -RRB- Like any FM Transmitter , it is very frustrating to use in some Urban areas due to interference from radio stations , however it partially compensates by allowing easy station changes -LRB- which I have synchronized with my radio presets so only two buttons to push -RRB- .
 I needed a device to play MP3 files in my car , which does not have an auxiliary plug . After researching local stores and the web , I found that this device got good reviews and the price from Amazon was 40 % of the price at local stores.Setup was easy . The instructions are on a tag permanently attached to the cord , so you ca n't lose them , and do n't have to find a place to store them . What a great idea!The first station I tried was 88.7 . Got a lot of static which made the play unendurable . Switched to 90.1 and the static is below the detectable threshold . Works great , easy to use , sounds good!I give this five stars because for the money it is great . Not audiophile quality , but very good , and a very good value . I am very satisfied.The eforcity customer service was superb as well .
 This is my first time with an MP3 player . The reception is great and I really enjoy listening to a variety of music .
 I am quite impressed with this product . Very clear sound . Easy to use . No quality issues at all .
 you ca n't beat this price , just do n't buy this if you expect to be blasting your music , the louder it goes , the worse it sounds
 For people who do n't have a tape cassette player in their vehicle this is the best alternative.At first I must admit that I hated this product , because of all the static but then I remembered that I can find the best FM stations for my area -LRB- Central Florida -RRB- by using the same stations I used for my Sirius radio . -LSB- ... -RSB- Also , if you are still having static , try adjusting the volume levels on your stereo and mp3 player ... would recommend doing this before you start driving ; -RRB- It would have received 5 stars if it charged the mp3 player too .
 This product is not too complicated to set up , and sounds great on my car stereo without fading in and out like the other brand I tried .
 I 've had issues with other transmitters that did not send out a strong enough signal . This units signal is strong enough so that I do n't have to move the unit close to the radio . The Sound quality is the best I 've heard in one of these kind of devices
 I love this thing . I do n't live in a major city , so I dont know how it would work around many conflicting radio signals . But it does very well in my town , and only on occasion do I hear a little buzzing coming in . In fact , it sounds so good that most of the time I reach to my actual radio to try to change the song , and I end up changing the radio station !
 the item was as good as the reviews said it was , the only unfortunate parts about a transmitter is that in the area that i live , even if it is 88.1 , it will sometimes interrupt my music with a stronger radio station . It seems very hard to find a channel that will never be in use . and when your station is taken over , it can be a hassle to switch both the transmitter , and the car radio . it can cause a driving hazard . so make sure you preset channels , also this transmitter does n't have a clip to hang on to anything , which would be the only thing i would add on to it . but for sound quality , and ease of use , this thing is probably the best you will find .
 I have a little experience when it comes to FM transmitters and I have noticed that a lot of them have such a weak broadcast signal that I usually have to have the device in the back seat just to hear the music -LRB- my antenna is in the back of the car -RRB- . This device works great anywhere in the car and I do n't have to crank the volume up to hear the tunes . Very happy with my purchase .
 Many modulator do n't lock in a signal and hold it but this one is the best at that . I do n't get static . Sound is crisp and clean . Easy to set channels . I love it .
 plugged it in and it worked like a charm but the sound was little low but i turned it up all the way in my car and it made up for it being low on low haha . really love it ****
 This product has excellent quaility , great sound , and it is really easy to use ! Just plug it in and get going . Well worth the `` bit '' higher price than the lesser quality competitors !
 Not a knock off brand ! As far as i can tell its the real thing . Works pretty good but just like all FM transmitters it picks up some static on road trips and you have to keep finding new stations . Still a great alternative to buying a new stereo with an AUX input though !
 Good and easy to use ... I bought it again after using the first one for 2 year.Cable at headphone jack can be disconnected when pluggin it into the device whose headphone jack is located on top of device ...
 I was a little hesitant to purchase the Monster Radioplay given the mixed reviews of FM transmitters , in general . I read the reviews of all the different brands and designs and finally chose this one . I have been using it all weekend and I have to say I love it . The sound quality is similar to playing a radio , not a CD . This should be no surprise to anyone , since it is after all an FM Transmitter . If you want your mp3s to sound like CD quality than you will have to pay a lot more or invent your own contraption . In the meantime , I would highly recommend using this product.Compared to the ones my friends have , I can honestly say that Monster has the most reliable transmitter on the market right now . Remember , you get what you pay for with some of those other ones . As a side note , my mp3 player is actually my phone and I can also use this to listen to incoming calls on my car stereo . In sum , this serves me well and I am very happy with my purchase . If you are considering buying a transmitter , I recommend this one .
 product was damaged -LRB- had a cut in the wire -RRB- when received . The vendor quickly shipped another . While they probably should have examined the goods better before shipping , I was very please by the quick action to resolve the issue . Would buy again .
 sometimes when something seems to good to be true it is , this isnt one of those cases . I was skeptical that it would operate as advertised but I used it on a car trip from texas to florida , connected to my laptop so I could listen to a talk show I downloaded the entire way , and I think maybe once or twice I had to switch the broadcast channel because a radio station in the area I was driving through was broadcasting at the same frequency but it was easy to switch and sounded perfect .
 I tried a `` no name '' FM transmitter I got off ebay . It cradled my iPhone and was even supposed to charge it . It worked for about 3 minutes -LRB- even that 3 minutes was full of static . . -RRB- . The Monster 300 has been working great for me for about a month now ! I 've noticed if I put my phone on the console or passenger seat it picks up a little static . If I put it in my lap it 's clear ! Give this one a try . It 's worth the money .
 I bought this for someone so that they could use their new ipod shuffle in their car . It works as advertised but since there are no buttons to switch tracks on the ipod shuffle , its best to use this product with shuffle turned on . There is very little static on any station which is great because programming a station is a pain since it changes if any of the three buttons are pressed .
 I do n't understand the negative reviews . This product is outstanding . I get crystal clear sound through my speakers . I have taken two 4 + hour trips with it and had to change the station only once both trips . When I did have to change stations it took all of 3 seconds to change it . I recommend staying in the low stations 88.1-90 .1 . Works great in Washington DC .
 As with any FM Transmitter , you will pass through areas where there is interference . But , I expected that . This FM Transmitter has excellent sound . I was surprised at how good it sounds . I have tried it in both of my vehicles -LRB- the car antenna is in the back -RRB- and I get VERY GOOD results . Clear highs and deep bass and very little background noise . This is a very good product and I highly recommend it .
 It took a bit of searching around with FM frequencies to eliminate static but once I found a good clear frequency its great . The instructions are a little vague on how to change frequencies by holding down which buttons but you should get the hang of it quickly and then it all makes sense . Once you have the frequency you want set , it stays until you manually reset it . I find the FM signal to be strong and my MP3 player volume can be set to a normal range and the cars radio volume set to a normal loudness , no need to crank anything up excessively . This is my first FM transmitter and it seems to be a good one .
 I was searching for the right FM transmitter for our mp3 players . While visiting my family , I learned that my brother recently bought the Monster RadioPlay for his IPod to use on his boat . It was simple to use and sounded great . I ordered one as soon as I arrived home . It sounds just as good in our car . I highly recommend this product .
 Apparently the transmitter is powered by the car charger-like port . It does n't work when it 's not in a car outlet . I kinda wanted something that could work everywhere . Still a good transmitter , but losses a star for transportability .
 I bought this from Target a couple days ago and I am very happy . This works very well with little to no static or hissing . In my Camaro it tends to pick up a little more engine noise , but the music overpowers it and you can only hear it between songs . There is no staic at all in my girlfriends SUV . I use this for my Zune and would highly recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this transmitter after reading reviews about others displeasure with other brands . Monster seemed to get the best customer ratings , I even had an employee from one of the big box stores also recommend Monster products , as he stated the other brands seemed to be returned quite frequently . I have found this device works well with my MP3 player . I do seem to get static rarely and usually lasts just a few seconds . I would not hesitate to recommend this product .
 Awesome reception and sound quality . I own a philips 30GB soundgear player that I am using with this product and just the standard factory car stereo . The versatility and range of channels are another plus to owning the 300 . Most only offer 3 presets , this transmitter uses all channels to aid accommodating where you live or even while traveling , thus you can change the frequency with no problem . I mainly leave mine on the highest channel of 107.9 , I never get any interference . Thanks Amazon !
 So i 've been looking for a FM transmitter for awhile . I stayed away from This product or monster products -LRB- I 'm just not a fan of monster . I was looking for something both me and my fiance could use . We have iphone , android , ipads , other devices we wanted to use in the car.I went with the cheap transmitters that provided usb , audiojack , sd card , remote control . they were great while they last . these products were not the best quality manufactured products . These broke in no time . finally after my 5th FM transmitter i came across Monster RadioPlay 300 i thought it didnt have the usb and all the other features but i 'll give a try . When i recieved this device and connected it . it was great . i choose one channel 88.1 . which works great . I 'm located in the NYC area and when i would use this freq with other devices it would have static and noise coming thru but with the monster . i have no issues . clear for my entire drive . we drove from NYC to Poconos for a weekend , with this device we had no issues , no need to change the station at all . I would recommend this device to anyone.Update
 Before taking the plunge , I spent a long time weighing the pros and cons expressed in reviews on this and other similar products . -LRB- We have a car without a cassette deck , so our options were confined to either using an FM transmitter or hacking the wiring/electronics , which is to say , we really only had one option . -RRB- On the other side of this purchase , I can say thata -RRB- The core concept of using an FM transmitter to tie your MP3 player into your car stereo works well enough , andb -RRB- The Monster RadioPlay 300 is a quality product.We live in Houston , with all of the radio bandwidth challenges of a large metropolitan area , yet we have found multiple `` sweet spots '' where the transmitter works well -LRB- 98.5 seems to work best for us these days -RRB- . Is it perfect ? No , but it works far better than we feared , and well enough to recommend . Besides finding the right frequency , cranking up the volume on the player -LRB- to maximize the signal strength -RRB- is helpful -- you can then modulate the actual audio volume on the car stereo.The Monster RadioPlay 300 itself works exactly as advertised . Setup was straightforward , finding the right frequency was straightforward , and it continues to work well . For the price -LRB- under $ 20 -RRB- , this is an integration solution that 's hard to beat .
 I recently bought my wife a Garmin Nuvi 780 as a replacement for her C340 . We intended to have MP3 music piped though the FM radio using the Garmin 's FM transmitter . The Garmin 's FM transmitter turned out to be useless . It is so low powered that if you had your hand anywhere near the Nuvi , you generated static . And , as far as driving anywhere , you went from one static zone into another.I was somewhat worried after reading some of the reviews on Amazon . But I bought it assuming I could send it back if it did n't work . To my amazment , it works perfectly . It even works on the default frequency , which is an active station in the DFW area where we live . When it is on , it completely drowns out that station.My wife is thrilled to have our entire music collection on one 8GB SD . And I am thrilled at the utility of the Monster .
 So ive always known that Monster is a good brand and I was planning on buying it but then i read some of the reviews that said it was staticky and confusing to use so i got a little unsure whether to buy it or not.So i decided to go to Frys and ask them what the best transmitter was for my price range -LRB- 20-40 bucks -RRB- and the guy suggested Monster but he tried to sell me the 70 dollar one !! So i decided to just give this one a chance and buy it.OMG ! I am so glad i bought this one ! It is really easy to use , just pick a channel and match it with the fm transmitter channel and youre set ! The sound is great and i dont get statick and i live right next to a huge city ! This product is great ! : -RRB-
 I have had two `` monster '' transmitters and have been very pleased with the sound quality and ability to find clear stations . The only reason I 've had two is because my first one got stolen ! Monster is known for it 's high performance cables and they really put that competency to use in this product .
 Is Just what I wanted ! Easy to use , good sound ! Just Hook up I pod And enjoy.Does get just a bit of interference now and then , but I do Live in the City , So I expected that sometimes . Is much better than I thought it would be .
 I 've used a handful of different transmitters for my iPod from Belkin to Griffin , but the Monster had the best sound quality out of all of them . Signal is so strong that I rarely experience interference , and I do n't even have to have my iPod 's volume setting at maximum . With other transmitters , I usually have to turn up my car stereo volume high to hear my iPod and when I turn off my iPod , the radio comes on blasting . Not with the Monster.I do miss my previous transmitter , the Griffin iTrip Auto Universal , because it had the USB port that I can charge with . I 'd give the Monster a perfect 5 star if it had that same feature.I should mention I can only use transmitters that connect to the iPod using the standard 3.5 mm audio jack because my iPod 's bottom dock is slightly broken in that it does not transmit audio .
 I was so excited when I got my first iPhone this summer ; I always have it with me , and I use it all the time ... except in the car because my factory stereo does not have auxiliary input . I did n't really want to spend the money on a new stereo and then have to shell out the money to get it installed , so this FM transmitter definitely came in handy . I had read many reviews on several different brands of transmitters , and it seems that people either love or hate these devices . Personally , I 've had pretty good luck with mine -- I have a fairly long commute , and I am able to get really good reception for most of my drive , and if I need to , it 's pretty simple to find a new station , then tune my transmitter to match . The sound quality is n't crystal clear , but as long as I have my iPhone 's volume turned up , I get great sound quality through my car 's speakers . All in all , this transmitter has been better than what I had hoped for ; I was apprehensive after reading some reviews , but I 'm very glad I gave it a try . It 's perfect for catching up on my podcasts during my morning and afternoon drives , and for when I feel like hearing my favorite songs . I definitely recommend this product .
 I bought this transmitter in February 2011 and am writing this December 2011 to say that it is reliable and has outlived two car chargers and dual charging station . I can listen to my music everywhere and I am on the east coast . Worth the money !
 I bought this to use in my work car since it does n't have an AUX Jack ... . best one out there . I had the iPlay one from Target before I bought this and it quit working after a few months . This is the second Monster FM Modulator I 've purchased , they kick butt : - -RRB-
 I 'm so glad I finally broke down and bought this product . A friend told me that all these radio trasmitter products were awful and I had always wanted to give it a go . The truth is
 Really works ... if you need something like this , Monster is your product ... i was impresed by this product ... i have no problem ... sound perfect
 This transmitter BLOWS away the Belkin -LRB- Model
 She wanted her first used , new to her vehicle to have outlet for I pod did not so bought this plug and she found it to be very simple and of good quality especially for price and stays tuned in sounds great !
 I may be biased coming from a horrible Griffin iTrip but this transmitter is incredible . I rarely ever get static with this . It has tremendous sound quality and you actually get bass transmitted well . I was astounded when I first tried it out and I do n't regret getting this one bit . You wo n't be disappointed.Using in Cincinnati , OH perfectly .
 We love this product . The big complaint is that it does not charge while it is plugged into the car .
 I absolutely love this FM transmitter.Pros : * It has the power to play over all but the strongest local signals meaning it works wonderfully even in big cities . * It 's easy to set up * Compact with cables of appropriate length * Sound quality is superbCons : * It takes a second longer to find a new station if none of your presets workThis transmitter is a little pricier than some of the other options that are avialable , but its more expensive for a reason -- it 's better . I wouldnt hesitate to buy this one again if I needed a new one .
 For the price and the flexibility this is a great FM transmitter . I has worked for every MP3 player and Phone that I have attached it to . It has the usual problem of finding a clear channel in a large urban area , but with a little fine tuning with the Monster and the player I have had minimal interference .
 Does as advertised . Monster RadioPlay 300 Universal Full Spectrum FM Transmitter did what it said it could do right out of the package . Easy to use and very simple to understand and operate . Sound quality perfect . Could not tell difference between radio and Monster RadioPlay 300 Universal Full Spectrum FM Transmitter -LRB- MBL-FM XMTR300 -RRB- . I have found NO problems with my unit yet . Good Bang For The Buck too .
 It 's nice to be able to pick your station , but I ca n't seem to figure out how to make my favorite blank station a pre-set . It does remember what station it was last on though.My car has the radio antenna in the back of the car -LRB- mounted on the roof -RRB- , so the I do get a lot of noise interference . Music sounds OK , but any quiet music or talk radio -LRB- podcasts -RRB- sound pretty bad ... you can hear a lot of static.My wife 's car has the antenna in the front -LRB- next to the hood -RRB- and this thing sounds great ! Very little noise , even with NPR podcasts or books on tape.It really depends on where the antenna is in the car in relation to this device . That said , I still use it frequently in my car . It 's better than nothing .
 I love this transmitter . I have owned two others that I bought on the recommendations of folks here -LRB- the iRiver AFT 100 and the Belkin TuneCast II -RRB- but this one wins hands down . It is slim and does n't take up much room in my car . The sound using the Monster Cable Transmitter was very crisp and clear . If you have ripped your mp3 at a high quality level , the sound is pretty close to that of a CD.I was very surprise to see that it had enough power to overide live stations -LRB- with some static depending on how close you are to the source -RRB- . I also like the fact that I can preset my three stations and just push a button to get to it . I live in Chicago and have the transmitter set to 90.3 , 90.5 and 90.7 -LRB- this station 's call letters actually shows up on my faceplate late in the day , but when I hit the button to play a song on my player , it plays and overrides the talk show -RRB- . and my car stereo is set to these stations as well . The only drawback to this product is the fact that it does not charge the player while in use , but I knew this when I was buying it . My husband is an electrical engineer and uses Monster Cables -LRB- guess they are known for making high end sound cables -RRB- , so the changes of them coming out with one that charges might not happen . Until something better comes along , this it the transmitter I am sticking with .
 It has stronger FM signal -LRB- that is nearly equal to `` Sound quality '' -RRB- than Belkin and Griffin for mp3 players -LRB- not only for iPod or iPhone -RRB- that I had.But still there is a little static . Of course its causes are not only FM transmitters but that FM radio antenna of my car is on rear window -LRB- far from FM transmitter -RRB- . The design is ... so-so .
 Great reception but it loses a little bass . Easy to connect . All of the channels were good ...
 I love that this will work with my iPod , iPad , or cell phone . It is also really easy to use . The only thing right now that I dislike is it only allows you to use 3 of their pre set stations . Only one of them works where I live . I used to have an older version of this but after many many years , it broke . It had 6 pre set stations on it and it plugged into my iPod.Overall , I like it . I would recommend this to someone else .
 We had one of these before and the wire , not the device itself , kicked the bucket when my dad accidentally severed the wire by running over it when moving the car chair -LRB- so learn from that mistake with anything that has wires -RRB- . It is compact with a longer cord . We hook up our phone 's and listen to Pandora . It will also take your phone calls and put it on the loud speakers -LRB- which works well when the kids want to hear Grandpa or Grandma on the phone -RRB- . I love how it allows you three different stations to tune into , so if you get a lot of static due to the area you are in , you just tune it to a different station and it is super clear again . Product came almost immediately after order . Will definitely use this seller again : -RRB-
 The device has three preset featurees which can be a bit confusing to set , but after that it is a good device . The plug to the iupod -LRB- device -RRB- is a bit short and is open to wear -LRB- as the cable will have wire fatigue overtime -RRB- but all in all it is a fine purchase .
 For this product , it does indeed seem that this is the best one out there . Good quality . The controls are simple and illuminated . It does take a little tinkering to find a station that you wo n't get static on , and if you are driving through cities , you will have to change the station sometimes . FCC rules do n't allow these types of transmitters to emit too much power , so if you are looking for a perfect solution that is completely static-free while travelling , you may want to invest in a new stereo system where you can plug your MP3 player into the front.My only gripe are is that this does not transmit in a higher volume . You will have to turn your radio up pretty loud . When you are done , do n't forget to turn the radio down before you turn off or it 'll scare you and everyone else in the car .
 Works very well . It does sometimes get a little static depending on where I am . I 'm happy with it for what it is ...
 I 've only had this transmitter for about 2 weeks now , so ca n't really attest to its durability , but so far , it 's done its job beautifully . I was able to choose a good FM station thanks to its wide range of frequencies to choose from . I was advised to pick a transmitter that can carry many frequencies , and that is very true . I bought a cheaper model prior to this one that only carries 8 frequencies , and that did n't work since I live in a big metropolitan area . The transmission quality of this model is also great!Another great feature I like about this model is that it does NOT have the auto-shut off function -LRB- which can be a turnoff to other users -RRB- . My Toyota turns off/on the cigarette lighter automatically when the engine is powered off/on , hence I do n't have to worry about draining the battery . And because this transmitter is still in `` On '' mode when I turn off the engine , I do n't have to turn it on again when I restart the car -LRB- or I 'll suffer the loud static from the radio station -RRB- .
 I listen to audiobooks quite a lot while driving . I installed an after market mp3/cd/radio in my old car-traded the car in & did n't want to go through the hassel of installing a new mp3 radio ... yet . I ordered the Monster 300 hoping it would work well enough with my creative mp3 player so I would be able to listen to audiobooks . It works like a charm , probably would sound pretty good for music but I have n't tried it with any music yet . The volume on the radio needs to be cranked up a bit over what you would have it set for when listening to a cd or the radio . All in all it works better than I had expected & only cost about $ 25 .
 This item works great for me ! It 's near impossible to find a clear station in the city of Tacoma , but this little device is able to broadcast to my radio over a station with a weak signal ... and I have a rear mounted antenna ! I tried the Belkin tuner and it was little more than a fancy charger for the Zune , but the Monster Tuner is great . Does n't charge the player , but I got around that by getting a DC splitter and a charger -LRB- which ended up being cheaper than getting the Belkin anyway ! -RRB-
 Product works . It 's very good . I spend a lot of time on the road and would n't know how tio get along without it .
 I wanted to listen to Pandora , Youtube , and other aps using my Motorola Droid in my car . I read online that the Monster RadioPlay 300 would be perfect to use . I am also very pleased to report that not only am I able to listen to my music/videos , but I also can take calls hands free which is a major plus.I decided to get the Monster RadioPlay 300 vs. the Motorola Motorokr T505 Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone because the T505 uses batteries and I did n't want to have to buy batteries all the time . The T505 seemed to be more expensive over time.The thing that appealed to me about the T505 is that its wireless , so there 's less wires.My only suggestion is that you program the Monster RadioPlay 300 to stations that will not interfere with the signal . This is pretty easy to do!There are not a lot of options out there for radio transmitters for Droids , but the Monster RadioPlay 300 is a great buy and a must have !
 This is a great FM Transmitter , but it will not work with the iphone . Even with an adapter . Something to do with a floating ground .
 The CD player in my car as malfunctioned . So I was thriller to find out I could play music from my MP3 player over my car speakers . Although the sound quality is not as good as that from a CD , it is still quite enjoyable . This transmitter gives you a lot of station choices . This is a significant advantage . Since most stations seem to broadcast in my area , it would have been difficult to find a setting that would work if I had chosen another transmitter brand with fewer station choices .
 FM transmitter works well . Good signal strength . We only get three FM stations near us . but seems like few problems that cause interference . Maybe powerline?Easy to use , pre-sets nice .
 It is cheap and you are getting what you pay for.It works just fine , for a while and hopefully not in a heavily broadcast area .
 Nice thing to have if you want to keep everything on your car all `` Original '' good signal . Easy to use .
 I 've bought a couple of these in the past , and they were basically useless toys . After reading the reviews on this one , I thought I would try one more . And voila , it works beautifully . I use it in my old Grand Caravan and old Pontiac that do n't have mp3 player inputs , and the sound is quite good , FM quality . The Pontiac has a high end sound system and the Monster transmitter is nearly CD quality . I wo n't need it when I finally get new vehicles , but I think I 'll save it someplace just in case .
 My family has had one of these for a LONG TIME . I 'm talking years . It worked quite well for the first few years . However , over time the cables got worn and beaten up . Now it occasionally cuts out and I have to fiddle around with it a lot to get a signal . I 'm quite honestly extremely impressed it 's lasted this long.The audio quality is n't what it used to be . There 's almost always some sort of interference . I 've also found that the interference likes to change pitch to my accelerator -LRB- lol -RRB- . Now only one channel works.I 'm looking into buying a new FM Transmitter and putting this old grandpa to rest . I was going to give it 4 stars ; but seeing as how it 's lasted so long and is only broken from human error , i 'll give it a 5 . Great product .
 I have had this product for a while and am making a review bc i bought a new one . the transmitter works really well for the first couple months with everyday usage -LRB- hate the radio lol -RRB- but due to my geo . location it was hard to find a signal at times . it comes with 3 preset statutions but vaige instructions on how to change from them to your perfered one.the reason i am getting a new one is because mine shorted after well over a year of use . overall it is great with excellent price . only gave a 4 bc i switched to blue tooth transmitter which is great for my life style .
 The product was received in a timely manner . Service from the seller was good . The transmitter arrived just prior to a long road trip so I was able to give it a good testing with my Sony MP3 player in my 2004 Dodge Durango . Easy to install and use . Found some cases where the FM station used eventually over rode the signal for the MP3 player . This was temporary and changing the corresponding station fixed it for awhile . Overall a good value for the price and does the job .
 We 're pleased with this purchase . It 's very easy to use and this item produces better sound quality than one we tried from a local big box store that cost nearly three times more .
 Simple to use . Tip
 Length of Ownership
 This is a great product for what it is . Obviously there are better methods out there to connect your Ipod or other media device , but if you do n't want to drop the money for a new stereo with an auxilery input , or you have a factory stereo that would be really expensive to replace , then this is the way to go . Fully programable so you can choose any open setting . Easy to use , and the sound quality is ok . I use it to listen to podcasts mostly , and the sound is perfect for that . When I listen to music on it , you can tell there is a sound quality issue , but not enough to pass on this product .
 This is a very good product and one third the price of products I could find in retail stores .
 I was in the market for an FM Transmitter . I went to Best Buy and they had this exact product available , but for at least $ 30 more . I returned it after finding this one on Amazon and it has been a great purchase since . I basically have no interference with outside signals -LRB- for the area I live in -RRB- and it sends the sound clear through my car 's sound system . Great quality product for the price !
 It works , I still get some fuzz every once in a while but it works .
 This transmitter is the best I have used yet . Way better than the stupid Belkin Transnmitters . This one is very strong and theres almost no static or disturbance . i am very pleased with it.Monster RadioPlay 300 Universal Full Spectrum FM Transmitter -LRB- MBL-FM XMTR300 -RRB-
 Works great ! Set your volume up on the source and a unused channel on the radio and that 's it . I live in the boondocks so traveling to other areas may require a different frequency change but no big deal . The only setback I 've had was listening to internet radio through my cell phone hooked up to this . Some areas where I can not get a phone signal , I lose the radio , but that has nothing to do with this Monster product . Great idea anyway ! Very clean signal , NO static ! Next best thing to a direct wire hook-up !
 I bought this for my son to use with his Zune in his car . It works excellent for him and there is no static or interference . I was concerned with the other products similar to this one because there seemed to be a lot of negative user reviews . This was a cheaper unit so I figured it was worth the chance . Glad I bought it . It would be nice if it had some sort of holder like some of the others but it really is n't that necessary .
 This was a great product , it came to me very quickly and at a very reasonable price . I 'm very satisfied !
 This is the best , the other day my teenage son was riding with me -LRB- very rare these days -RRB- and checked out the monster cord , now he wants one for his car . He has an off brand that doesnt work very well .
 I bought this base to charge my phone at night . It works great , although I had to put one drop of black paint over the LED because it was really bright in a dark room . I 'm not sure why the other review bashes the sync option , for the U.S. version , I just flick the switch when I connect to the laptop . I like the angle it holds the phone at because I can still navigate on the phone to see messages while I 'm still lying in bed or at the desk .
 The case is beautifully made , fits like a glove , and functions perfectly.Glad to see that this item was still available . And , at 6 % of the original price , I bought 3 . It was one of the best deals of any vendor on Amazon I have made purchases from!Thank you !!!
 I tried this product with the 300 and had similar issues re . the tightness . BUT , it fits the treo 600 very well so long as the screen is facing out -LRB- this leaves room for the antenna -RRB- . Very secure and indestructable . The only issue has been the difficulty feeling the vibrate . I work a physical job and would n't use anything else to carry my $ 500 investment - for sure not the flimsy clips and little clips that are for sale . I 'm buying a second one -LRB- in another color -RRB- now .
 I 've been using this case with my Treo 300 for the past 5 months , and I 'm very happy with it . As another reviewer has noted , the case out of the box seems too small for the 300 . However , with a little wrestling , it 's possible to get it into the case , which will soon expand enough to hold the Treo snugly but comfortably.The belt attachment works very well , and the case does a great job of keeping the Treo secure while still giving you quick access . There 's a mesh pouch which is supposed to be used for an earbud , but which I use for a paper clip -LRB- for rebooting the Treo , which happens more often than I 'd like -RRB- . I 've had no problem feeling the vibrating ringer while the Treo 's on my belt , but I know some people have had trouble with this .
 This case is just what I needed for my Palm Z22 . Looks sleek and is very durable . I can clip it to my belt or run my belt through the belt loop.Palm Z22 HandheldThe price might be a little higher than some others , but this one is worth the price .
 Nice sturdy case but a bit of a tight fit , wanted it for a p1 hoping the leather stretches just a little .
 Received this product and I 'm really happy with whatit does . Now I have all my pictures and videos offmy cell phone and onto discs , and I can get a newphone .
 Good product-fast service - pleased-would use again AAA
 Very Good Product . Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because with the newest update it tends to crash a bit more if it is Jailbroken and It is slower but if you disable spotlight search that helps alot .
 Ithe iphone was in perfect conditions just as he described ; I got it in a short time and when I contacted the seller he was nice and decent ... Was a great deal !
 I had doubts to buy it due to previous feedback -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . I was looking the new 3G unlocked iphone and found it on Amazon . The price was attractive and I have made a decision to purchase it . I have decided to buy iphone 3G because of price -LRB- a bit slow but cheaper than 3GS -RRB- . I ordered on Monday -LRB- 12/06 -RRB- and I got it Today -LRB- 12/07 -RRB- . What a fantastic delivery ! The iphone is Apple original brand new unlocked phone comes with free screen protector and case . Works perfect with my SIM . Thank you abe-123 , great job!p.s . first product in my experience comes in one day -LRB- I live in connecticut -RRB- .
 i received very quickly my order that was interestingreceived phone looks good and works fine.everything including accessories working fine
 I bought this USB cable to use with my SonyEricsson TM506 , and it works perfectly . Ca n't beat the price !
 It 's not too bulky , it 's pretty durable , and it 's nice to look at .
 Nice AC charger that cycles the battery back in a couple of hours . Now if they made a 12 v. DC one for my car I would be very happy .
 Works as advertised . Better than the charger included with the phone as this one is narrower than the original adapter . The pass-through plug is also neat as it allows you to connect an accessory while the phone is charging .
 I bougth this because the one came with my cellphone broke and i could n't find any like this in my country , hopefully it arrived just in the right moment . The best thing is that you can charge your phone and keep listen to music or the radio through your handsfree
 I have order this type of generic charger before . The old one was good for two years and this one now it has been working several month . Works well .
 The charger is great if you want to replace your current one . It works as described and i have no complaints .
 Not a lot can be said about a phone charger ... but that 's a good thing . If you had much to say , it would probably be bad . Plugs in wall , plugs in phone , and charges ... happy ending .
 I really live with my treo , i listen to my podcasts in the car , i sync it in my office and in my home , i play games , i use outlook and this cable is my best companion , it lets me sync and charge -LRB- or install utilities -RRB- anywhere . I 'm always comfy that my battery wont let me hanging . Also very cheap .
 There have been plenty of poorly-constructed power supplies out there -- iGo , Jabra -- that are priced high , look good and work fine initially but later fall apart . This product is reasonably priced , and while it lacks a fancy design , it works just fine and has n't fallen apart.The prime benefit of this product is that it lets you get power to your Treo via whatever 's available
 This item works as advertised and it is very convenient . I highly recommend it .
 The cable pictured is a hot sync cable and a charger at the same time . The sync function is fast and does n't get interrupted like it does on my original cable . You can charge your Treo 600 from the same cable , and therefore it will charge up directly from the USB port of any computer . This is just great for me because I can now charge the phone straigth from my laptop when I 'm out and have one less cord to drag around . The adapters for the wall or cigarette lighter accessory outlet in a car make it all the more convenient . I have not used the adapters much though , so I 'm not sure how well they perform.Over all I vastly prefer the sync/charge cable over the original gear that came with my Treo 600 and heartily recommend it to all for their use .
 The product is great , but the shippping was not .
 I love it ! my Mobile Data 3-in-1 USB Travel Kit is excellent and works everywhere ...
 Works as expected at a much better price than buying two adapters from Palm !
 There is one problem with this particular cover for this phone . As is , the phone wo n't close completely . This causes the screen light to stay on . This can be fixed by cutting a strip -LRB- approx . 1/4 inch -RRB- off the screen side of either piece . I cut it off the top piece , but wish I had cut it off the bottom . The top piece of mine slides around , but I think it would n't have or at least not as much if I had cut the strip form the bottom piece . The bottom piece is nice and snug . It 's great for what I needed which was something to hold the battery cover in place . It would also be great for people like my dad who very hard on their phones .
 I 've had this screen protector a little more than a month now . It was easy to install , and does not change the look of the phone -LRB- It looks like glass -RRB- . I used a boxwave screen protector on a prior phone for years and was very satisfied with it . I expect this to work just as well . Well worth the price .
 Well , its ok . I have had some issues with it like sound quality but being able to upload my pics to my computer is worth it . The camera takes good pics and its pick . I guess that sometimes having something you really want for looks isnt always worth the pain of wasting your time .
 The product pictured works for my phone , which has the USB port on the left side of the phone and the MP3 navagation buttons on the front . The product I received has the USB cut-out on the right side and is solid on the front -- no opening for MP3 player .
 This is a great phone , uses international SIM as well as local SIM cards . The phone works well in East Africa -LRB- with local cell phone service as well as the international SIM -RRB- and in Europe -LRB- international SIM -RRB- . Though cheap , it does what it is supposed to do
 This is a great phone for staying in touch when traveling to just about anywhere . It has a monochrome LED screen that is actually visible in bright sunlight , no camera , no video , no fancy tricks . But it is really great for making old-fashioned phone calls . All you need is a universal SIM card that works in multiple countries , and you can buy that from any of a number service companies that sell pre-paid or post-paid mobile telephone time . I bought one that lets me keep the same international phone number without a periodic charge .
 This phone is perfect for the frequent traveler because it does n't cost very much -LRB- if you lose it or have it stolen you 're not out of a lot of money -RRB- , and buying it is way cheaper than renting the same model from a phone rental company . All you have to do is buy a SIM card when you arrive in the country of destination . The phone comes with a european connector with a U.S. adapter . The one I received was blue instead of grey , but lucky for me blue is my favorite color . I highly recommend this phone for the student or budget traveler . I never travel out of country without mine .
 This is a good cheap international phone . I used it in the UK . It is pretty much a basic mobile phone .
 I use this headset with my Nokia 3660 cellphone all the time . The sound is clear . The earloop is comfortable . I can set my cellphone on my desk and walk all around my apartment and I 'm still able to talk . The range is about 20 feet or so with line of site . Just stay away from running microwaves!Since this device supports the headset and the handsfree bluetooth profile , it will also work on a PC . I 've used it on TeamSpeak to talk to people while playing games online . With a clear line of site , I 'm able to get about 200 feet away from my PC and still have a signal.Cons : Just a few annoyances with my unit : * Talk time is only about 1.5 hours with my unit . Might just be the condition of the battery on my particular unit though . I bought new batteries recently -LRB- only $ 6 each -RRB- and I now get about 3 hours talk time . * It takes a few seconds to power up and sync . So if want to receive incoming calls with it you better have it powered up and on your ear already . * Once the device is connected to the phone it will only ring to the headset . So if it 's not on your ear you wo n't hear it ring.Overall it 's a great product .
 I reactivated an older phone , but could not find a car charger for it in the stores . I checked online and found this one , which is exactly what I needed . Great price , shipped as promised , arrived in original packaging ... brand new .
 I did not want a phone with a ton of features that I will never use . I use a phone to make and receive calls , and to provide a mobile reminder of appointments in my Outlook calendar . With the addition of Phone Tools -LRB- which came in the box with my phone -RRB- , I can do all of this , as well as upload a few more business appropriate -LRB- ie-simple and short -RRB- ringtones.The phone is more mahogany than red , which is actually a plus for me . I wanted something that stands out from the sea of black and silver phones out there -LRB- and increasingly pink -RRB- . This one does it . I can easily identify my phone on the conference or lunch table.Technically , it is simple and easy to operate with all of the features I use , speakerphone , voice dial , Bluetooth , Calendar , Clock , and reminders . It also has a few features that I will never use , such as camera and video camera , but with the menu customization available , I can ignore those and all but make them disappear.This is a real bargain for an unlocked phone too ... I would recommend getting your hands on one before ordering it , as the style and feel are not for everyone , but it was an easy transition from my olde Moto V180 .
 I just got a new LG VX 8100 phone , and was very disappointed that Verizon did n't sell a data cable to go with it . When I am away from home , I occassionally am in a situation where I need internet access , and the only way I can get it is to use my cell phone as a modem . Therefore , I was very pleased to find out about this product . Although it does not mention the LG VX 8100 on the product container , the cable works well with that phone , and the company offers the software version needed for the VX 8100 on it 's Web site.I have not tried all of the features , as yet , but this cable and the downloaded software do allow me to use my phone as a modem . I also love being able to edit my contact list on my computer and then upload it quickly and easily to my phone . It 's much better than trying to do it on the phone itself .
 I ordered this product to quickly download my contacts -LRB- from MS Outlook -RRB- onto a new LG VX6100 phone . I was able to take a . csv file from Outlook Contacts and edit it in excel -LRB- just save file as . csv -RRB- for uploading 150 numbers & 85 names onto my phone - in about 15 minutes of work . Software installed easily , and has many extra features like creating ringtones from mp3 files , wallpaper backgrounds , etc. . I also have been able to backup the cell 's contacts and other cellphones contacts effortlessly - in case they are lost , damaged , or for transfer to next phone . It 's also a much quicker way to edit/add existing cellphone contacts . I would just say that the software is fairly simple -LRB- this is n't a iPod experience -RRB- , and you need to be fairly good with your computer skills to make it all work .
 When I received this `` new '' battery , it was in an unsealed plastic bag . I was concerned that was actually used rather than new . However , it has worked fine so far . It appears to work as well as the identical model battery which came with my electronic device .
 This charger is great . It works great for traveling since you do n't have to carry that little adapter around that could potentially get lost . It charges a lot faster than plugging it into the computer . I would say that if my vision m is totally dead , it takes about 11/2 hour to charge completely as opposed to the several hours it takes through the computer . And also you can use the player while it is charging , unlike when it is charging through the computer . This is a must needed accessory .
 Bought two one for me and one for my daughter . Both were very reasonably priced , and work very well with our MP3 players . I would recommend to anyone .
 Yet again I had to open up my Treo 600 to replace the battery , this time after just 3 months -LRB- I was used to every 6 months -RRB- . I had purchased several 1700mha batteries for $ 10 - $ 20 each , thinking ' a battery is a battery ' . I was wrong ! I could tell this battery from Lenmar was better from the first charge . It ran 100 hours standby plus at least 2 hours talk time and untold email/text transmissions before needing a charge . More than a week since receiving it I 'm still on only the second charge with 2/3 remaining.I will update this review in 3-6 months but wanted to let people know that quality in a battery DOES make a difference ! Its like I have a new phone.Spend the extra $ 10 - $ 15 on this battery , you wo n't be sorry .
 This is a great cell phone case . A little on the expensive side but , well worth the extra money
 Perfect for my G4 ipod nano , which barely fits inside it . It attaches securely to my backpack , allowing me quick access without having to dig inside to search for my ipod .
 I left my original wall charger while travelling so i had to get a new one for my Sony Ericsson P990i . It charges my phone to a full in 1.5 hours , and it 's REALLY CHEAP . My old charger looked sleeker and charged my phone in 40-45mins . But for the price , you ca n't complain !
 Plug needs quite a bit of force to engage into the phone , but it does charge it .
 good charger , charges fast . It does n't allow you to plug anything else in while it charges the phone like the charger it comes with , but thats ok . it charges the phone i like 30 minutes anyways . I bought it for my Ericcson 790i
 Does the job . The cord is shorter -LRB- ~ 3ft -RRB- than the charger that came with the phone which makes for less cord clutter , but it 's a con if you want to talk on the phone while it 's charging . No biggie , considering the amazing price . The sideways plug is a nice feature too , takes up less space on the powerstrip.The only thing is - sometimes when my phone is charging -LRB- I think when it 's become fully charged maybe -RRB- it 'll suddenly keep chirping -LRB- ~ 8x -RRB- that little noise that says the power cord has been connected . Does n't seem to affect charge performance , but it has woken me up before . My original charger did not do this .
 Works great , Low prices , and does the job.What more can you ask for . = -RRB-
 My wife likes her Sony Ericsson phone , but the charger connection to the phone relys on two small & delicate pins to deliver power . When her original equipment charger began to have problems -LRB- due to deformed pins -RRB- I needed to find a solution . Of course AT&T , her phone provider , did n't have any compatible chargers in stock anymore . This replacement charger appears to be more rugged than the original . and at the low low price , I should have bought several .
 I like the shape of the plug so that it does n't cover up any other outlets . It works , what else can I say ?
 Bought it for my sony ericsson w350i phone . . works as expected . good value for money . shipment arrived in time . a
 Sony Ericsson W950i Travel Wall charger works great . I have used it at least 20 times . I keep a spare battery charged at all times.Thank you
 The charger works as expected . No surprises and no cheats . It came on time and charges my phone without any tweaks/hassels . Best buy for the price paid .
 I have a W810i , and my last charger that came with the phone was beginning to fail . So I explored the option of a new charger , hoping that I could find one for dirt cheap , and hoping that it was an issue with the charger and not my phone . Needless to say , when you can get something for 2 cents , which I did -LRB- plus the $ 2.98 in S&H ;-RRB- that is a great deal in any regard.It works . Plain and simple my W810i has survived falling down 500 foot mountainsides , water damage , as a doggy chew toy , flying out of my lap from the car onto hard asphalt , who knows how many times , and so on , and I am glad it will continue to survive for hopefully at least another year or two.The one problem with this charger is it is a little snug when I plug my phone in , and occasionally the phone will keep beeping -LRB- signaling it is beginning to charge -RRB- until I unplug it and plug it back in . Just an issue with an old phone I guess , and a charger that may be slightly too big . Other than that I am satisfied !
 Goo thing about this charger is that , I got it for 1 cent and 2.98 shipping so in total -LRB- 2.99 -RRB- . Its been a month I purchsed this product and inportant things is it still working.Several cons are it does fit smoothly in your mobile , for first few days you need to push it hardly in , these dys I see that chargers adapter makes some smal weird noise from inside but its working . .
 This does excatly what it says it does and with the low price , it was a great deal even with shipping and handling .
 This AC cell phone charger is poorly constructed . The housing and adapter plug are mostly plastic . The original one got broken when it got stepped on accidentially . Luckily , Amazon had them available and they were easy to find . It arrived very soon after I ordered it .
 When I plug it into my W810i , it charges the battery . Small , light , and simple . What more do you want from a wall charger ?
 I got it about a week ago , it charges my Sony W810i perfectly fine . The cord is a little short and the connectors to the phone are a little tighter than the Sony version .
 I ordered two of these because I heard some people got ones that did n't function . Both of mine are good , and they definitely beat paying full price for a retail replacement . I think I ended up paying just over six dollars for the pair of them with shipping . Definitely a decent deal , and get more than one . If you 're paying hundreds of times the cost of the item in shipping , you might as well get a couple more in the process !
 I use this charger about three months and it delivers full charge to my phone . The only difference is that this one has a symmetrical phone plug in contrast to asymmetrical in original charger . Those small metallic contacts should be always on the right , so the asymmetric plug helped me to connect it easily . With the new one I have to look at these small contacts in order to identify right direction , but I can live with this .
 It is what is , a wall charger . It works and is still working from the day I got it which is about 5 months or so . It does its job and that 's that .
 I bought this charger for my wife 's cell phone a few weeks a go . The stores sell them for about $ 30 . I recieved it in the mail about three days later , and have n't had any problems with it . If you need a charger , look no further !!!
 Works really well . Plus you can buy a few for the price of one brand name charger .
 Radio Shack wanted over $ 25 for this product and I got it for $ .01 . It came very quickly and works great !
 My original sony charger got spoilt and so bought this piece . Perfect service for one year and I am happy with it . The end that plugs to the phone is a bit tight but ca n't expect anything more at this cost .
 My original charger broke down after almost 3 years and hence I had to buy this one.Delivery was very quick , I think I ordered on Sunday and I received it on Wednesday or Thursday.Only problem I am noticing is that my phone keeps beeping intermittently while charging using this charger . Its the sound you get when you connect/disconnect the charger . However it is incosistent . Despite this sound , it seems to be charging.For $ 2.99 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- , I cant expect anything more .
 The wall charger purchased through Amazon.com was received in the mail within three days . The charger has been performing great since that time .
 You get exactly what is advertised ; a good little AC to DC converter for cell phones .
 I had travelled out of country and was in immediate need of the charger.for the price i was not sure if it would be problem-free . It has been 5 months now and its absolutely perfect and no problem at all.quality for the price is unbelievable.a must buy for the price.mine is a W810i phone its compatible and should be for most other sony ericsson phones too .
 Charger works good enough for the cheap price . Fits my w810i although i have to do a bit of wiggling to get it to start charging .
 the travel wall charger works well on all of my sony ericsson cell phones . i have 4 different models
 I 've had this for about a month now and it seems to be working well , as chargers go . My Sony Ericsson phone was n't on the list described in the spec above , but it fit fine anyway .
 Great product at a great price -- quick delivery . This product due to the belt loops solved a problem I was having with my old pouch which was constantly falling off of my belt . Could not find a similar solution locally at a reasonable price . I purchased 2 just in case .
 I KNOW THAT THESE SCREENPROTECTORS ARE A NOT THE EASIEST THING TO INSTALL . BUT I GUARANTEE THAT IT IS WORTH IT . . SPECIALLY IF THE SCREEN ITSELF OR THE PHONE IS OUT OF WARRANTY . . THIS PHONE IS NOT CHEAP . .
 Tough plastic and leather , looks great and definitely protects the phone . Case requires a little gentle wrestling to make it position correctly . Leather needs light edge trim near charging port to allow easy charge-connector access -LRB- use small razor knife and minimal force -RRB- .
 Battery came promptly and charged fully without problems . My cellphone now works the way it did when I first got it . If there are no problems in the future , I would order this product again .
 Works Great , No Problems Does What Its Supposed To Do , This Item Is Very Hard To Find Its Like This Cell Phone Doesnt Exist Anymore .
 I have had my RIZR from T-Mobile for a few weeks now after switching from Verizon . I was originally considering the Nokia 5300 . But when I compared the 2 phones side by side , the RIZR seemed more solid , more durable and less flimsy than the Nokia 5300 . So I chose the RIZR and I could not be happier . The phone is easy to program and a breeze to use . The display is bright , clear and very easy to read -LRB- even without my bifocals ! -RRB- . So far the sound quality and reception have been outstanding . The best feature for me is the mp3 player . With my new RIZR I can transfer mp3 songs directly from my computer to my phone with a simple drag and drop -LRB- the 128 MB card is not very large , but enough for my needs -RRB- . I can then select the songs to act as ringtones . Being able to assign a song/ringtone to a certain phone number is a really cool feature , at least for me.The mp3 player included with the phone is very easy to use too.My only `` minor '' gripe is the screen goes black during calls . But I found pressing the volume up button , which displays the volume screen temporarily , brings the main screen back fast enough for me.All in all a great phone and highly recommended .
 I am in love with this phone . First of all I am a big supporter of the pink gadget movement and red is my favorite color ... and this rose color just happens to be a beautiful shade bewteen red and pink . The size of the phone when closed is the length of my palm and 2/3 the width of my palm and i have small hands . When open the phone extends but falls short of touching my fingertips . in other words the phone is a phone that fits in your hand AND in your pocket ! Despite what some reviews have said the picture quality pretty superb for a camera phone . I have a sidekick 3 as well and as much as I adore my sidekick , the 1.3 megapixel camera can not seem to take a beautiful picture under poor lighting ... however , not only can the RIZR take a beautiful picture in poor lighting -LRB- which is any lighting indoor when it comes to the sidekick -RRB- it can take up to at least 4 other types of pictures . you can take negative shots , blue shots , shots from far away or shots from way too close ... photoshop addict you say -LRB- like I am -RRB- ... having this phone feels like you always have a pocket photoshop.The call quality is also superb on speaker and off . My Biggest favorite of the phoneis the design of the phone . The push bar in the center is helpful so you do n't grease the screen as you open the phone . there is a floral design opposite the screen which is beautiful and gives people another reason to be jealous of you . and all the keys are cleary labeled . My rating is two thumbs up ... I LOVEEE this phone !!
 Before this phone I had a simple no camera , flip , bulky cell phone . To go from that to this was like watching the Wizard of Oz in theatres the year it came out . My friend and I were picking out our dream phones for months and this was always on the top of my list . Finally for my birthday I got it ! The camera has excellent quality , the rose color is n't a baby pink and wo n't be easily outgrown , and the ability to connect the phone to my computer via USB awed me for months ! At that time , I was unable to text because of parental units and the costs . However , for Christmas , I received the gift of the ability to text . This is where I first found my problem . When you really get good at using the numeric keypad to text , you type pretty fast . You can tell that the letters were coming to the screen a little slower than the speed at which you text . It does n't sound like a big problem , because it is n't , but it can be somewhat irritating and it can screw you up when you type . Similarly , the buttons do have a second delay when you open up the menu and other applications . Another problem I have found is that after sliding it all the time , you start to feel the front part become a little loose ; almost like a loose tooth , kinda . One thing I was kinda dissapointed with was the music player . It would n't recognize any itunes files , so I could n't download any of my itunes-bought music . But music files from CDs would open and play . A problem I have been having lately is that it keeps freezing on me when I open my contacts , but it returns within a few seconds . I ca n't give any advice about the IM or internet programs , but I can tell you that they are there , and from just opening the T-zones , the internet is slow . So definitly do not buy this phone thinking you will use the internet . The good applications are the voice and movie recordings because you can set your personal voice recordings as a ringtone or even more specificly , which I had fun doing , set a specialized `` Caitlin 's calling ! '' ringtone for a specific contact ! Recording movies on this phone is phenomenal because you can record for up to almost half of an hour ! From my experience , -LRB- and I 'm not the business type -RRB- , but the voice recognization program seemed to work pretty well . Taking all of this into consideration , I thought the cost was a little pricey because I did n't get a discount from a 2-year contract . -LRB- I did n't want to be locked to the phone company or plan . -RRB- The signal strength usually was n't that great , but I 'm pretty sure that it was T-mobile 's fault . But when it did the quality did sound pretty nice . All in all , I love this phone and it has met my needs .
 Installed bigger microSD memory and connected USB cable . I can see `` video '' and `` audio '' folder inside of `` Mobile '' folder , and then put mp3 files or mp4 video files into each folder . I can create play list and short cut from the menu . In case of video , I use `` Total Video Converter '' to downsize the image into `` 320x240 '' on mp4 . It provides full screen view with wide screen . You do n't need IPOD or other MP3/MP4 protable media player .
 I got this phone in march of ' 07 . I absolutely loved it because everyone was fascinated by it . It took a couple weeks to completely get the hang of it but its great . its got a flat , easy keypad like the RAZR but much thinner . You can do pretty much anything but txt with it open or closed . The flash on the camera can also be used as a REALY bright flashlight . One thing that was very irritating was that the alarm was not reliable and it says it has a standby time of up to 8 days but i could only get a max of 2 days if i did n't use it . Maybe it was just the one I got . I never had a real problem with it until yesterday , Jun-17-08 , when the circle part in the middle of the front came completely off . The price has come way down so I may just replace the whole phone or get a new one . Because I txt so much , it 's kinda slow as there is no real keyboard like the side kick . Someone said you cant turn off vibrate when you receive a txt but you can easily by going into the ring settings . It 's kinda hard to put it in my pocket because girl 's pants are so tight and the screen opens when I take it out . IN THE END , I RECOMEND IT !!!
 I had this phone . It worked great for 3 months . Then I dropped it . Be careful because the screen is easily breakable . It did everything I wanted and more . It is perfectly clear , no echos and the speakerphone is pretty loud and clear . I like the myfavs feature ; it save me a lot of money . The one thing that is horrible is customer service throught T-mobile . If you want to get this phone go through another cell phone provider . T-mobile will not give me customer service at all because I bought this phone from the internet . The insurance claim is taking way too long almost a month . I really miss this phone . The camera is clear and the video is really good . It comes with a usb cable to upload to your computer . So far I have not be able to get it to work but I think it is because I needed an extra card in the phone ? -LRB- a memory card ? -RRB- . I really wish I could have this phone with another provider .
 i have had my RIZR Z3 for 2 weeks now , so far it 's been flawless to me.it has all cool features which are ofcourse simple to use.i have been looking for a 2megapixel camera and a music player in my phone.i compared nokia n75 and motorola rizr but i have had flip phone so far so i chose a slider phone this time.the sound quality of the music player is sterophonic lets you hear even the low beats `` if u listen in noise free area '' . picture quality is also great.overall this phone is worth giving a try .
 After trying many other soft cases and the OEM belt clip to no avail , I 'm glad to say that this hard case is a good choice . My OEM clip broke in a matter of days as there is only a tiny little nub -LRB- breaks off easily -RRB- which catches the notch in the top right corner of the phone . -LRB- Kinda scary for an expensive phone -RRB- For this hard case however , I was hoping that there would be some sort of clear plastic to cover the display area . But otherwise , the case fits very snugly . All openings and attachments fit correctly . One thing I noticed however was that there was no hole for the tiny mic port on the bottom right side of the phone . Nevertheless , after testing it seems reception on the receiving end was unaffected . I was also hoping for a more secure clip attachment . Its not that i 'm afraid it will come detached , its just not entirely snug.This case will definitely protect your phone from any dings and scratches you can encounter but for the big beautiful display however , I recommend getting a protective film to cover it . -LRB- Beware of thin sticker type films -RRB- Try this case it will save you some grief over all the other crappy cases or the lack thereof .
 item arrived quickly and as described , was easy to snap right onto phone . would definitely purchase from again . one problem , though ? how do i remove it , say , perhaps if i decide to purchase a different color case cover ?
 Bought this for my husband 's phone . He likes the cover and it protects the phone well . The only drawback is the case is slightly raised and so the buttons on the phone are a little harder to use since they are now lower . But it only took a day to get used to it , so he does like the cover .
 This is a great little phone cover !!! It 's pretty much just what I expected except that some of the black color has started to rub off on parts of it so it has specks of white in some areas . However , considering what I paid , I am hardly too upset .
 The nicole miller leather case is perfect for my palm treo phone/pda . I can safely attach it to the outside of my purse so that when the phone rings , I can quickly answer the call . When the phone was in my purse , it was hard to find fast enough to get the call before the caller hung up . Also , the magnetic lock on the case itself is strong so that the phone does n't come out of the case . Before this case , I tried a caribeaner attached to my treo case . The clip popped open and I lost my phone in a parking lot . Fortunately , someone found it and called me !
 The name caught my eye and the price confirmed it . LoL This is perfect.I ordered 2 . One in brown the other in grey.Fits my Lg encore perfectly.And the leather is so soft.Im veryy pleased.I was asked where i got such a great deal.I told them and now they all ordered one for themselves.Shipping was great -LRB- freeee -RRB- And quality high.Ty lol I 've lost track of how many I 've ordered.My friends love these . . Plus the leather even the stitching is perfectty
 I have this hooked to the outside of my handbag and it 's great ! Easy access when I get a call and looks great . Only gave it 4 stars because I 'd love it to come in a lot more colors to match all my handbags .
 Fits AT&T ; / Cingular Motorola SLVR L7 PERFECTLY ! All ports are accessible , none are covered even partially by the case . I have read reviews about problems with similar products by other sellers , I do n't know if they are the exact same product as this but this case is PERFECT for the SLVR L7 . I do n't know about compatibility with other SLVR models or phones provided by carriers other than AT&T ; / Cingular , but SPECIFICALLY for the AT&T ; / Cingular Motorola SLVR L7 - this case is PERFECT.It is a 2-piece snap-on cover with 2 different styles of optional belt clips . It is not a decorative `` faceplate '' , which would replace the actual phone housing , it is a `` case '' that snaps on over the phone - there is nothing to remove first . The case is plastic but the term `` rubberized '' refers to the texture / feel of the case , it 's very nice . I have n't tested the level of protection by intentionally dropping my phone - obviously - but I am 100 % sure it would prevent any damage to the phone , and the case feels like it would survive the impact as well . Once the case is snapped on , it is on , it is very secure , in fact it seems like it might even be a bit difficult to unsnap it to get it back off -LRB- I have n't tried yet but my point is it 's very secure -RRB- . If you attach one of the optional belt clips then ca n't figure out how to get it off , you need to use a long skinny object -LRB- I used the tip of a steak knife -RRB- to apply pressure to the tab that the belt clip pops onto - push on the tab and the clip will pop back off.I was specifically attracted to this case because I needed something lightweight that would clip my phone to my pant-waist while I am out walking my dogs . I usually do n't have pockets and I do n't like to carry any extra bags or totes , and I did n't want to permanently attach one of those stick-on belt clips to the phone , and the leather cases that you slip the phone into and clip to your waistband are too heavy and weigh my waistband down.I spent a lot of time on Amazon trying to find this type of case for my SLVR L7 and all of the product reviews I came across were horrible . When I purchased this case it did n't have any reviews yet so I thought I would buy it and try it , and I am glad I did . I never usually take the time to provide reviews like I am here , but since there were no other reviews I thought it might be helpful to those wondering about this case.Also this seller shipped the case out VERY fast - I received it in a matter of days.I am going back to the seller 's shop right now to purchase more of these cases in different colors .
 So , I lost the charger for my Blue tooth and I wanted a cheap charger . I have a blackberry that uses Mini USB , so I figured I 'd try it out . I Did and it works perfect for both devices . If I would have known how nice this product was , I would have bought it years ago . I mean who wants to have to plug two different things in when 1 can do the same work ?!?
 I have a Motorola phone and bluetooth headset , so this product made charging a lot simpler . I only have to take ONE charger cable with me wherever I go .
 You ca n't get any handier than being able to use one charger for your phone and BT . Great idea .
 Allows me to charge my phone and bluetooth headset simultaneously from one charger , either at home or in the car . What more can I ask for ?
 I like this product very much . After receiving it , I tried it right a way . It work great . I would recommend this product and store to everyone .
 For the price , you ca n't beat this . I 'm using this with a MOTO Q cell phone and a Motorola HS850 headset ; both work and charge just fine . Very convenient ; highly recommend ; wish I would 've seen this earlier .
 Now I can charge my phone and older bluetooth headset with the same charger . Wonderful .
 Works as advertised . Allows charging phone and HS850 Bluetooth earpiece . Bought two , one for office , one for car .
 I was happy to find a charger for the bluetooth earpiece that my husband had . He had lost the charger , but this one chargers my phone and earpiece just fine and for a reasonable price too !
 I ported my number from Verizon , & bought this phone for Sprint service . * GOOD -- Compact -- Loud speakerphone -- Ability to call with side button & speakerphone -- Walkie-talkie capability & PCS Ready Link -LRB- No comment since I do n't use this -RRB- -- Voice Dial -- Option for audio & vibrate ring together -- Adorable animation albeit no choice other than dog -- Voice memo capability -- Long battery life -- Bright screen -- Calendar , Calculator , World Clock -- Caller ID on outside * NEUTRAL -- Blue Backlight -- Color Screen -- Standard phone book
 I have had this phone for about a week . Previous phone Samsung A-460 -LRB- keep in mind -RRB- . Pros : * Good battery life only needs charge about every 3-4 days , not bad considering I average 900 + min a month . * 2 Charger Optons , either data link style or a male female connector at 5 volt . * Loud ! speaker phone with above average clarity . People cant really tell the difference . * Push and hold speaker button when closed and automatically activates speaker phone with voice dial , all the while never having to open . This is convenient if you use a car holder , as you can answer the same way by just pressing this button . * External caller ID , so you do n't have to open the phone to know who 's calling . * Call screening feature , it answers and plays a message and you can screen the call via the speaker and answer if need be . * Good reception , places I thought not possible . ie Eisenhauer tunnel . * AirPlane Mode . Lets you play games and such without enableing communications . * Useable as a modem for laptop.Cons : * Lack of accessories friendly to high use in autos . * Lack of traditional `` ringers '' to select from . You have to download them from sprint and they are only good for 90 days . Very annoying . * Games are also ` Trial ' versions . You have to pay to actually Keep a game and use it for more than 2 min at a time . * Sprint is not always the best to deal with . * No real alarm ! You have to set an appointment , and if you need it daily , set to repeat . Though every time you turn the phone on it will sound an alarm thinking you missed the apt . * Kind of poor audio with the ear speaker.I enjoy this phone and it definately makes daily use more convenient and satisfying . Now if someone made a car holder more compatible with this and some more choices for a holster it would get a 5 star .
 I have had this phone for 2 months now and I love it ! I switched from Nexel because they kept dropping my calls and had a very poor service . I love this phone - it can roam -LRB- which apparently you ca n't do with Nextel -RRB- and it alerts you when you 're in a roaming area . The only weird thing was that in 2 different stores I was roaming , then not roaming , then roaming , then not . I guess that 's just a Sprint glitch . I have n't used the ready link feature . I have 10 + games on my phone and several ringers . If you buy this phone and want ringers & games go to www.3gupload.com !
 I just ported my number from Verizon , & bought this phone for Sprint service . * GOOD -- Compact -- Loud speakerphone -- Ability to call with side button & speakerphone -- Walkie-talkie capability & PCS Ready Link -LRB- No comment since I do n't use this -RRB- -- Voice Dial -- Option for audio & vibrate ring together -- Adorable animation albeit no choice other than dog -- Voice memo capability -- Long battery life -- Bright screen -- Calendar , Calculator , World Clock -- Caller ID on outside * NEUTRAL -- Blue Backlight -- Color Screen -- Standard phone book
 I just got this phone , and so far am happy with it , from it 's loud , and clear speakerphone , to how light it is considering , it has a speaker , and walkie talkie . . which I 've used , and it works quite well . .
 Likes : - Speakerphone is loud enough to actually be usable - Voice dial works more often than my old SamsungDislikes : - I do n't use Ready-Link , but it has a dedicated button on the side of the phone that I keep hitting accidentally . - Keypad buttons are nearly flush mounted & can be hard to use . - With my old Samsung , the speaker was in the center of the flip phone cover . With the Sanyo , the speaker is at the top of the flip , because the display is in the center of the cover . This means that to hear , I have to dig the top of the flip cover into my ear . - The speakerphone speaker is on the outside of the flip cover , and therefore faces the opposite direction of the microphone . So either I ca n't hear people on the other end -LRB- because the speaker is facing away from me -RRB- , or they ca n't hear me -LRB- because I turned it so the speaker faces me and now the microphone points away -RRB- . Not the phones fault : - Sprint 's Vision business model is to RENT you downloads . For example , I bought a game for $ 3 which will work for exactly 1 month before it expires . Admittedly , $ 3 is pretty cheap , but this works out to $ 36 a year , just for 1 game , just to have something to do during idle time . - You ca n't preview the ring tone , images , or screen saver downloads before you buy them . You just have to buy them and hope you like them.I just realized that this review sounds really negative . I like the phone , I just wish they 'd do more usability studies on these things before shipping , instead of wasting effort on useless features like Ready Link .
 I bought this phone a week ago to replace an aging Samsung 8100 and I love it . The speakerphone is loud and clear as is the earpiece . The voice dialing is much better than the Samsung . Reception is excellent and battery life seems great as well.The only negatives I have found is that it is difficult to get the side button to work when making calls on the speakerphone . Sometimes it takes several attempts before it switches into voicedial . And I do miss the Samsung `` one beep '' ringer mode which was loud enough to alert you that you had a call without being intrusive . Oh well , nothing is perfect!Overall , I highly recommend this phone for anyone who is looking for a great cell with speakerphone .
 I waited about 2 months to get this phone . It 's great easy to use , sleek looking , bright lcd screens , voice activated dialing . Enough fetures are on this phone some -LRB- voice memo , Ready link , speaker phone -RRB- Web service with sprint is great they have really improved customer service . The buttons are small , but again this is a compact phone . Battery life is about what i expected , good but not great , i charge my phone every 3 days . My old phone sanyo 4500 i charged one a week . But all in all i wanted a phone that was reliable , smaller then my old one , and web and speaker phone , this fits the bill .
 I just bought this phone simply because I was getting annoyed with the size of my Sanyo4900 . This phone is a LOT more compact and I like that it does n't have completely useless features like a camera yet they put something very useful liek speaker phone . I have liked Sprint 's service from the beginning , calls are clear and service area is good here . I love the layout of the phone 's menu 's and I like the many different options that come already on the phone . Like someone already said , though , it would be nicer if there were more ringtones and pictures already on the phone so you do n't have to pay for more . I like how loud it is . It 's a great phone .
 the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because sometimes the ready link is not avalible . Otherwise awsome phone great service compared wity verizon .
 This is a solid well built phone . At first I thought the battery life was poor but that was because I was used to my old Qcom boat with a huge battery . Now that I 'm used to it , the battery life is fine and the small size more than makes up for it . After seeing a few other phones that my friend have and the problems with them , this phone in comparison is very good . I also like the easy access to phone number in the phone book and the `` last calls '' access . I 've had this phone now for 1.5 years and love it .
 Over the past few years I have owned several phones -LRB- motorola , samsung , nokia -RRB- and this phone is by far the best phone I have ever owned . Sanyo is the best brand that Sprint carries , and the quality shows through to this phone.Pros : - Great Battery Life-Large very sharp and bright color screen-Awesome Speaker Phone-Very Light Weight-Small size-Ready Link Capablility-Picks up Sprint PCS signal in places my samsung did not-Easy to use interfaceCons : - No Camera -LRB- this is n't a problem for me because I do n't really need a camera on my cell phone , and in my opinion they are just a waste of the battery - the VM4500 has horribly battery life when you use the camera -RRB- Overall this phone is quality built with all the features that I need . I would reccomend this phone to any sprint users who do not need a camera .
 Now I have gone through many cell phones including star-tac 's with cellular one on the east coast near Wash DC and LG with Verizon . What i found is that this Sanyo RL-2500 phone has all the features that I need and want in a cell phone-all of them!I have made the switch from Verizon -LRB- great signal-lousy phones -RRB- to Sprint PCS-fair signal quality superb phones and plan value.The Sanyo has a bright and clear color display on both the inside and the outside . It makes loud and clear speakerphone calls while riding down the highway with the phone on my lap-safe and easy and cell phone closed!The speaker is located on the front top of the phone where it is pointing at you while using it shut-that 's terrific . And loud - whew - its loud like a huge speaker and very very clear!The layout of the phone is also terrific with blue backlighting , web access , push to talk feature -LRB- walkie talkie -RRB- and I have mine setup to just say the name and it dials for me . You can do almost anything with the phone closed -LRB- great small screen right below the speaker.PLUS : Great style and featuresEasy to useClear and colorfulEasy to learnBest speakerphone I have ever used or heard!Loads of user-friendly optionsGreat reception on an average networkBAD : I am thinking?This is a huge winner and I am loving the phone and the plan I have . Its giving me exactly what I want in a cell phone - yes dropped calls , but nearly perfect !
 Ubelieveable to got this charger so cheap , less than $ 5 . Cheaper than got in on Craisglist.Also , fast delivery , it said it should about 7-10 business day , but I got it within a week.Very good .
 I put this case on my wishlist because I need something substantial to protect my precious iphone , but I am sick and tired of rubbery cases that are difficult to remove from my pants pocket . My lovely sister saw it 's merit and bought it for me . I previously had a Speck case that was almost all shiny plastic , but it had a thin rubber lip all around the face of the phone that amazingly was sufficient to still make it difficult to get out fast enough to answer a call without looking like I was having a spaz attack . No such problem with the aluminum case . I was worried the aluminum would scratch my iphone . But there is a little layer of squishy felt all around the inside . The iphone fits perfectly and the case even holds it in with the hinged door hanging open . The case opens and snaps shut easily but I have never had it flop open by accident . Most other cases I have had are difficult to take off and on , so this is another plus . There is one item that is either a plus or a minus depending on how you look at it.Plus
 This is head and shoulders above any other bluetooth headset that I have tried . The noise reduction is especially impressive .
 Background and wind noise is not a problem . The unit is small , light and can be worn on your ear , lanyard or lapel .
 I love this product . Or , I should say loved this product . I could hear everyone clearly , and it synced up with my phone with ease . I had to return it , only because a few of my friends told me they could not hear my voice on their end . Now that I think back , I should have just kept it , because I have since not found a product that even comes close to the clarity and comfort -LRB- and I 've purchased about 3 since , and they 've all either gone bad within months , or were too uncomfortable to wear on my ear -RRB- .
 I bought this for someone else and they could n't use it so I took it and it fits my phone just right . I like it better than the other one I had .
 The product works fine all though it is made of cheap plastic , but so is the price so why spend more if it works fine !
 My wife has the same phone but we have different cases . The battery door is tight but it fit inside both of them .
 I 've tried a lot of similar types of horizontal pouches , and the common problem with them is that the clip 's weak point is near the top , where it usually rips away -LRB- top , down -RRB- within a few months.This clip system seems a little better reinforced , and it does n't tear apart as easy as the others.Also , it fits my iPhone4 -LRB- including slim cover -RRB- very well .
 Thank you for the rapid delivery of a great product that is servicing my needs just fine .
 A little tough to squeeze in the extended battery case , but all in all , it is fine and was definitely a bargian .
 Magnets on the case are a little weak and so is the belt clip . Excellent value for money . Does the job . Professional look . I would definitely recommend this case to other Moto Q owners . Note that my Moto Q just fits in this case . If it had an additional battery , it would n't fit .
 I have the Marware skin on my iPhone 3G , and it 's great if I 'm just slipping the phone in my pocket . Sometimes however either due to lack of pockets or them being full of other junk , I want to hang the phone on my belt . This case is a great fit for the iPhone WITH the skin on . I can orient it so the earphone jack is in the clear . The quality is good , considering the price .
 For the money , you really ca n't get a better case . For $ 6 with shipping , this is an excellent case that fits the Moto Q perfectly . The belt loop is oversized , which is good for some people with thicker belts , but it does n't hang too badly on thin ones . The magnet that closes it is n't too strong , but it works . Overall , I 'd give this 5 stars because for the money , it 's excellent . I 've seen people spend 5 times as much and get the same quality material . The material it 's made out of feels really nice and does n't feel like synthetic leather at all .
 This case was really inexpensive , so it was definitely worth the cost . The clip is made from a strong hard plastic but it 's hidden from view . The leather is fine and this case can accommodate the Moto Q 9c with the larger battery . The magnet is n't super strong but it does the job . The case can fit my Blackberry 8830 too .
 This product works great ! It stays attached to my belt and keeps my Motorola Q protected very well . I would highly recommend this product for anyone who wants a very durable case .
 I love this case ... it looks so expensive but was so cheap to buy ! Good protection and nice and slim .
 So do n't pay $ 25 - $ 30 for it at your local cell phone shop or electronics warehouse .
 I checked several available products for a carrying case for my new Moto Q but felt all were lacking in some respect . The one sold by the AT&T ; store was no bargain at $ 30 and appeared flimsy.This case holds the phone comfortably yet securely . It has a nice professional appearance , is soft and supple , lined , and has a strong clip , although the clip is not ratchetable , nor does it have a spring to open and close it easily . The pouch covers about three-quarters of the phone and a complete fold-over flap protects the phone while riding on your hip.Although I usually prefer a horizontal case , this case is stylish and small enough not to be too gaudy on one 's hip . The magnets are too weak , as has been previously stated , but that is likely because both the magnet and the metal counter are covered by leather and cloth.The vendor provides quick delivery , a well packaged product , and responded quickly to my concerns regarding the weak magnetic clasp . For the price , it is a deal ... or one can pay $ 30 or more for a case that is likely not much superior .
 Great holder for the price . High quality feel , looks great , wears nice , soft inside ... very solid overall . If I was nit picking I would have the clip be a little better -LRB- very stiff to open and does not ratchet turn -RRB- ... but that 's more preference , and maybe the magnet could be a bit stronger but again it works fine as is.Overall I would highly recommend it . One other thing , is I have a Speck clear case on the MotoQ in addition to this pouch , and even with the clear case on , it fits nicely in the pouch .
 I found this OEM case from some other website . After comparing the price and decided to get it here . Always a big fan of Motorola OEM cases . Liked the design of this simple leather skin case with a clip so that I could always have the phone with me and my GF stop complaining about me putting my phone into her purse . Have been using it for months , wondering how the last reviewer break the case that easily .
 I used to have a RAZR V3 and I bought an OEM case from Eforcity , I 've used it for over a year and it still looks like brand new . Since I 've changed my phone to Q , I got this OEM case from the same seller again . Fast shipping , nice product . Just never fail me ~ * Like the smell of the leather case .
 Great price , way better than the cell phone stores . Product was received about 3 weeks ago . It has held up good . Still looks new . My husband uses it at work , so he has it on his belt all day . He said it feels secure and does n't feel heavy . A lot of people said the magnetic clasp was n't good but the way the phone stays in the case that does n't matter much because the phone ca n't fall out anyways . Thanks .
 As mentioned before , the magnet is n't the best , but it does hold the phone well enough . This is the same as the Motorola Q Business Case with Built in Belt Clip also advertised on Amazon .
 I rated this Nokia 5 Stars as a SECOND phone , but as an only phone this phone is not recomended . I own a Nokia 9500 and I use it everyday but I only switch to my other 7280 when I going out at night where other people would see it . Dialing a number is a tedious job with Navi-Spinner and getting into the contacts list is also more frustrating . The easiest way for dialing is using voice commands.Also if you are buying please make sure you DONT get firmware v03 .22 , it has a lot of bugs and crashes all the time , make sure you get a higher firmware verison .
 Definite ` attention getter . ' I would highly recommend getting the Motorola Bluetooth HS850 headset and spending time attaching voice tags to all contacts and their numbers . This makes the phone much more functional for work/frequent dialing . Standard best in class Nokia menus , great computer interface for sending tones/images back and forth.But beware if you are dialing a lot of IVR-type numbers where you have to enter in additional numbers while in-call . That is the difficult part about using this phone.I love it .
 This phone is too cool . If you are looking for something to use alot , I would pick something else . I mainly got it for the looks . It is a super cool toy . Nothing else like it .
 I am not going to write about options this phone has - that you can read from official Nokia web site , but ... This phone is unusual , beautiful , stylish and has a very good reception , works with bluetooth . The only minus I can point is that if you have to dial a lot of phone numbers - that 's not the phone for you . It has a rotator and to dial you have to rotate to each and every number . Though if you can program numbers in to the memory and use it from there - that 's another thing
 Not much to say , it worked out of the box and was cheap . I no longer have the phone I purchased this for , and have misplaced the cable . I can not speak for the longevity of the cable .
 WOW ! I could n't find this cable anywhere . My cell phone is older and no one had it available . In desperation I searched Amazon.com . Thank you thank you thank you . There it was , displayed with all the info I needed to select the correct one ! And I could not believe the price . It was fantastic .
 Works fine and less than 1/10 of the Nokia price . Wish it had a little instruction , but the software steps are logical enough
 This data cable works perfectly . The AT&T store tried to sell me a $ 50.00 cable that charged too . I did n't need or want that . I just wanted to transfer pics , data , music , etc. from my phone to my PC . It was a great buy and does exactly what I want it to do .
 OEM Original Nokia CA-53 Connectivity USB Data Cable for 6255i , 6256i , 6235i , 6236i , 6230 , 3155i , 9300 , 9300i , 6165i , E61 , 6126 , 6131 , 6133 , 6136 , N75 , 6085 , 6086The product performed as promised . The price was about 25 % of what I would have had to pay in a retail store and that included shipping . Delivery from the vendor was very fast . Received it within 5 days of order date via standard UPS shipping .
 Product was a little late . . price was 50 % less than AT&T store . Bottom line good service , great price . I will be BACCCKKK .
 I bought this case for my SonyEricsson W300i because I could n't find a case that fit in the stores . Glad to say that it fits snugly and is not too bulky .
 I still have it to this day and the only problem I have is that sometimes the plastic sweats , but that 's very common with cases . Other than that it 's a perfect fit .
 Received in new condition as stated in the ad and was received very quickly . Ca n't beat the price . Will definately do business here again .
 A great product , quality could be better , but anyway it is a great choise
 This larger door , in addition to the extended battery , is a must for the I880 phone . My battery life was dwindling fast with the standard battery . Now it lasts for almost 28 hours . This should have been standard issue with the i880 . Thanks !
 Thank you Amazon.I was looking for an Motorola extended battery door for my I880 cell phone for about two months.I live in a large city and could not find one any where.I looked on ebay and in order to get the door you had to buy the battery with it.I looked in Amazon and it was the same thing even after doing searches.Then finaly Amazon must have got some in stock , BINGO I ordered it right away . after I got it in the mail I put it on tne phone and it snaped right into place.Thanks again .
 I bought this item form Eforcity which provides the good services and fast shipping . This item is perfectly fit for my cell phone with the fat battery . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000EUHIN8 Eforcity Synchronzing and Charging USB Cable for Motorola Nextel i930 / i920 / i870 / i860 / i855 / i850 / i836 / i830 / i760 / i730 / i733 / i710 / i670 / i205 / i305 / i315 / i325IS / i530 / Nextel i875 / i885 / i880 / i833 / i736 / i605 / i560 / i325 / i355 / i275 / i265 2004 NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series Phones / 2004 NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series Phones -RRB-
 I recently received this item and I was pleased that the retractable cable is a steel wire , which looks pretty robust .
 This works well and has a swivel belt clip for easy positioning.The most important is that it does not scratch the phone body while putting in or taking out.Could use 2 things .1 -RRB- a way to easily grab hold of the phone to pull it out .2 -RRB- Could use the red trim that shows on the outside .
 this product is beautiful . i am so lucky to have my phone in it because it looks good and protects my phone .
 the product works fine just like the one that comes with your package when you get your new cell phone .
 This phone is so cool and it has a lot of great features such as a camera , internet acess , video recorder , voice recorder and you can text message . It is also affordable!Shirley
 It was worth what I paid for good quality and it did the job i needed it to do . over all I would buy it again .
 I 've purchased numerous headsets in search of the perfect headset , and for me , this is it . The eargel system is hands down the best way to secure a headset to my head -LRB- YMMV -RRB- . I 've tried headsets that clip around the back of your ear , ones that loop around your ear entirely , as well as the standard earbud headsets . Nothing stays put as well as or feels as comfortable as the Jabra . The mic is positioned very well and , from feedback I 've received , callers can not tell that I am using a headset . This particular model also has a call end button on the cord -LRB- which also functions as a voice dial button on my phone -RRB- which is incredibly handy . I can operate my phone using just the button on the headset .
 No wired earpiece is ideal but I refuse to have a bluetooth for health reasons . This headset is by far the best sounding I 've ever used-and that 's from the caller 's end as well as the user 's . I 've been by the caller that they ca n't tall at all that I 'm on a headset and while I 'm accustomed to have to keep trying to turn my volume up with other headsets , with this one , I keep my phone volume on almost the lowest setting , even in noisy areas . They included several adapters of different sizes as well as a side-specific design-meaning that the earpice that goes in your ear on the left side wo n't really fit if you try to put it in your right ear . Maybe this would be a negative for some but for me , anything that allows me to have my call made without the interuption of a falling earpiece is a good thing and I 'm not one who switches from one ear to the other . I do recommend trying the different ear piece cups to be sure that the one your using is the right side & size since there are no instructions.Considering what I 've paid for far lesser , these are in a different category all together . No instructions but if you log on here , I 'm sure you can figure them out ...
 I paid too much for mine at a major office supply store , so I may return it and purchase one from Amazon , instead . Other than that , I am happy with the headset . This is my first foray into bluetooth headsets . I looked around and found the best reviews to be for Plantronics products so , I purchased this one . It paired with my Samsung M300 quickly and easily . I had one call that was , kind of , staticcy -LRB- o.k. not a word but ... -RRB- , but only the one out of quite a few . It took a bit to find out how to turn it off . It takes more than the 3 seconds the book says . I counted about 5 seconds before the red light flashed but , now that I know about that , it 's fine by me . I took one call when I was , about 15 feet away from my phone , and through a wall , and it worked just fine . I would reccommend this headset to others but , purchase it here for the much better price .
 For less than $ 30 , this is a great buy . I had a Motorola H700 which cost about $ 100 and only last less than a year . This headset fits my ear very comfortable , and the sound quality that other parties received was superb . Highly recommended !
 My daughter in law loves it . She can now answer her phone hands free when out with the kids . Good price too .
 My husband lost his bluetooth so I decided to replace it with this one . It is clear and even better than his last one .
 Lovely clarity , easy to use , perfect companion to any Bluetooth phone . Come with the charge cable and easy to use .
 Works perfect with my PS3 . Using it when playing GT5 online . Gets a bit uncomfortable after a few hours , but that 's expected .
 I 've had this model 330 for a few years now . When I wear it , I often forget that I have it on -LRB- it 's that comfortable -RRB- . When it was new , it would hold a charge up to 3 days with occasional use . I find myself putting it on the charger much more often lately , usually every night . Speaking of the charger , the ear unit has a red light that sometimes comes on when the charger is attached . I have to wiggle it a bit and set it down just right to get the light to stay on . I have never seen the light go green or blue when on the charger , so I never know if or when it is fully charged . Also when new , the volume seemed much louder . The volume control still works , but it just seems as though the loudest setting is not as loud as it used to be . So I have trouble hearing conversations while driving , which is the only time I use it . For that reason I have ordered the Voyager 510 model , in hopes it will be as comfortable and provide better sound .
 Plantronics makes the best bluetooth headsets you can get for the cost . No contest . I have made the mistake of purchasing Jawbone , Sennheiser , BlueParrot , Motorolla , Blue Trek , and god only knows which others . Plantronics is the only brand I 've purchased more than 1 of . While many of these brands cost well over 4 to 5 times what this one does , none of them can compare on battery life , consistency of connection , or all around value . This headset does take some getting used to as the rubber boot on it slightly penetrates your ear , but after a few days you will forget you are wearing it . The only headset I 've found that was easier to hear was the sennheiser , but it likes to stop communicating with your phone til you re-pair it and costs about 6 times what this does.Background noise suppression is stereotypical , if there 's noise , the person on the other end will most likely hear some translation of it . The mic is not as sensitive as those found in the Jawbone , so doing something productive like washing dishes wo n't blow out the eardrum of whoever you are speaking with , but they will hear some level of noise -LRB- the Jawbone is brutally painful for that ! -RRB- . I think this is the 5th or maybe 6th plantronics I 've bought , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last.On a side note , the battery , under constant daily use , should last you approximately 500 charges , or 1.5 years avg . This is typical for any and all bluetooth headsets . At a cost of less than $ 20 , that means this unit will cost you barely $ 1 per month , as opposed to $ 10-15 per month for some of the designer headsets !
 Lives up to the other reviews . Works great , light weight and connected to my phone on the first try .
 My first headset so I have nothing to compare it with . Bought it because I 've used and trust the Plantronics brand , California will soon enforce its `` must use a headset while driving '' rule and the price was low enough to take the risk . Works great with my Sprint/Sanyo phone . Very easy to use and set-up . Battery easily lasts all day and I re-charge about once or twice per week.Fairly comfortable to use alhough it took me a week or so to get used to it . Fit 's either ear so if it gets uncomfortable in one ear , it 's super simple to switch it to the other.Voice quality is great . People I talk to say they ca n't tell the difference but they can hear anything that is directly in front of me . So , no more playing solitaire during a boring phone call as the mouse clicks are easily heard . In the car , one caller said my turn signal sounded like a horse trotting.I love not holding a phone to my ear . It 's much easier to concentrate on the road while driving . It 's just like talking to a person in the front seat . And at home , it 's easy to multi-task while talking as long as you remember that the mic picks up any noise a few feet in front of you.One annoyance
 Very comfortable to wear , easy to set up and has clear reception.I purchased 8 units at one time and they all have the same good quality.I searched the internet high and low and did not find a better headsetfor the price.I would definitely recommend this product .
 I recently purchased this product and have not problems with it at all . It was easy to pair/set-up to my phone and is easy to use . I love the way it fits to my ear .
 I use this bluetooth headset for my ps3 and it works really good , no problem with set up and i here everything just fine .
 The only downside to the headset is that it hurts my hear after leaving it in over a period of time .
 Of course this bluetooth has its drawbacks , such as sometimes the answer button does not work immediately , however , overall , this bluetooth headset works great for my needs . This is the second Plantronics Explorer 330 I purchased , I lost the first one . I have to add that the first one I ran over with my car , not intentionally , and it still worked ! I decided to try something more advanced and bought the PLANTRONICS Voyager 520 Bluetooth Headset , thinking it is more advanced . I did not notice much advance , however , it stopped working after a few months . Following this , I decided to buy something that worked before and am very happy with my choice .
 The 330 is easy to use and works well with our Nokia phone . It sits comfortably in and around the ear . Its light weight and small size make it unobtrusive . Conversations coming in sound good , but those going out have a moderate amount of static . For the price , this is a good value .
 I have been using my new Plantronics Explorer 330 for about 2 weeks and am satisfied but not ecstatic . The sound clarity and ease of use are excellent , however the volume control button requires significant pressure to operate and can cause the earpiece to dislodge . Also I have a rather small ear and the hard interior of the earpiece becomes uncomfortable after an hour or two of wearing . Probably not a problem for most people ...
 this bluetooth headset is really easy to use . Battery life seems to be good as i only stay on the phone for a couple hours , the most . however , when taken outside on a windy day , it picks up the wind causing some interference while talking .
 July 1st is soon and this was a `` must have '' purchase . I did a little research on this product and am very familiar with the plantronics brand . It has been working out well , it does seem to filter out the background noise and is what I needed .
 I received this product within days of placing my order . It arrived well wrapped and sealed in it 's original packaging . Not being tech savy I thought it may be difficult to configure with my phone ... it was so easy to set up that it done was in seconds , all I had to do was follow some simple instructions and Viola!There is one little thing that is bothersome but not hugely so , from time to time there is a little static , even when the phone is very close to the headset , this may very well be the case with all blue tooth headsets ... I do n't know . Bottom line is you ca n't beat this product for the price . I am thoroughly pleased .
 Bought one for my Nokia Express music phone and one for my PS3 and both work great . Great price great shipping . Was shipped in professional ziplock bag with instructions
 The Plantronics 330 Blue Tooth Headset is easy to program and comfortable to wear all day long . The sound is loud and clear . There is no reason to buy a more expensive blue tooth headset .
 I recently purchased this Bluetooth Headset , it 's my first bluetooth and for the price it 's decent . At times I get alot of static but people hear me better than using my actual phone . I charge it for 2 hrs and it last a long time . It has alot of features which are cool like
 Nice Bluetooth - I has a very good audio . The most important thing that it has 2 different lights 1 red and 1 blue , so you can recognice the real activity of the headset . Blue - On ; Red - turning Off .
 Easy to pair - easy to use - easy to wear . And at a great price .
 This is the 2nd plantronics ear piece that I have owned . The only reason it 's my 2nd one is because I lost my 1st one.The price is right & it has a good length in battery charge.After losing my 1st one , I ordered a different model with plantronics.I forget the name of it . One that compares with the jawbone.Anyway , it does not have a long battery charge , so therefore I decided toorder another plantronics 330 . Now I use both ... when one loses charge , then I switch over to the other one.It 's very easy to do this , as it pairs & connects quickly & easily .
 I had other bluetooths , but they were never that good nor did they worked or as comfortable than the Platronics Exsplorer 330 . Well worth the money and I highly recommend it to anybody looking for a BLUETOOTH
 Plantronics Explorer 330 Easy-To-Use Bluetooth Headset for all Bluetooth-Enabled PhonesThis headset truly is easy-to-use . It sounds great on both ends of the call . And the price is right too .
 I ordered this for my step father who is a painter by trade . He is very busy throughout the day and was getting tired of getting paint all his phone when he had to answer it while working . This little gadget is great ! Great sound , great fit , great all around and for the price , it is unbeatable !
 Plantronics Explorer 330 Easy-To-Use Bluetooth Headset is the best i had one before but lost it and when i found it on amazon.I was really amazed and had to get another one.So i am fine now and love my bluetooth 330
 I was very surprised at how well I could hear everyone else with this - the only problem I have encountered is that it is hypersensitive and the people on the other end of the phone frequently complain at how loud the reception is at times - especially when you use it in the car - even with all of the windows rolled up , the reciever can still hear the noise in the background . Overall I would say I am very happy with the product and would buy it again .
 I can not complain about the Plantronics Explorer 330 . The price was excellent . It linked the first time with my Treo 755p without any problems . The sound is excellent compared to the Motorola H500 I had before . Battery Life is good . Also the people I talk to say that they hear me much better than the H500 . Only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is that there is an occasional disconnect between it an my 755p . I think that it a phone problem due to all the issues I have with this 755p but I do not know for sure yet .
 This is my first Bluetooth headset and it is working very well . Lightweight and comfortable . Long battery life . Good price.Only minor problem is 2 sec delay when answering the call . Not sure if that is common with every bluetooth headset on the market.Overall , I would definitely buy it again .
 Works , well , arrived safely and accurately described . You can hear perfectly , the person on the other ends seems to also have clear reception -LRB- way too much sometimes -RRB- as they can hear the person standing away from me at over 5 feet clearly . No complaints about this product .
 Very easy to setup and use . Good sound and battery life . The one touch button is a little uncomfortable is necessary to press it hard so that it work .
 I would recommend this product . It 's easy to use , the person you are speaking to can hear you clearly , and it 's lightweight . The one thing to note is if you have the device in your right ear , it 's best to have your cell on your right side -LRB- it tells you that in the booklet -RRB- . And it 's a great price !
 I previously owned a plantronics and loved how easy it is . When the charger died on it , after 2 + years , I decided I need a new blue tooth . I bought a motorolla only to be disappointed . So I purchased this one to be my replacement . I like this one . My only issue is the syncing with my phone is n't always the best . Sometimes it will disconnect in less that 5 ft. But I think that might be my phone rather than this product .
 I 'm brand new to the world of Bluetooth . I 'd planned on buying a 510 and a bluetooth dongleBluetooth USB 2.0 Micro Adapter Donglethrough Amazon , but found a 330 at a discount store for $ 20 and bought it on impulse.Even without paying much attention to instructions this has been easy to operate . I 'm still figuring it out a bit , but all the basic functions are intuitive . The volume control and pairing/call answer/hang up are all on one toggle button and easy enough to operate . It pairs nicely with my Samsung A707 Sync.The volume range is very broad . Even with background noise , it gets plenty loud enough for me even with my slight high-frequency hearing loss . The sound quality is great on my end , though I have n't asked any callers how good the microphone is . But it 's certainly better than the phone itself or the wired headsets I 've used . I 've used it with the car window open and with music or background noise and had no problem hearing anyone.It can take a minute or two of fumbling to get my ear into the earpiece . Once it 's on , it 's pretty comfortable , though if I leave it in for an hour or so my sensitive ears can get irritated . Until then , I tend to and forget I have it on until it gets wobbly . And it does get wobbly . Another reviewer said it might not stay well on small ears , so maybe that 's it.I 'm actually using my phone a lot more now that I have a headset with such good sound quality . Because of the somewhat wobbly fit I 'm probably going to order the 510 to see if it works its way loose too . But in the meantime it 's plenty good for me .
 I have been through a few Bluetooth units , I have had trouble with earfitting and comfort and price . I previously owned a Plantronics 220 that I purchased for $ 40 . The fit was good , the volumne was too low . I am a 57 year old Jazz fan and drummer who like his music loud , therefore I am now a bit hard of hearing . That is another story . I tried a Motorola 560 and the earfit did not work . I saw the Plantronics 330 at a great price -LRB- $ 18 +6 S+H -RRB- online and did some research about the earfit . It had the same earfit as the 220 which I liked . I ordered the 330 and after using it I was mostly pleased . The volumne was terrific , almost double the 220 . I even had to turn it down a bit . It is easy to use and it has good battery time and the earfit is fine . The only drawback is the weight of the unit . The newest units are getting lighter , but , expensive and I am a cheap SOB . It takes a bit of time to get used to , but price versus function ? ... Great deal and I see using it for a long time . I got my wife one also and she is also pleased .
 I talk on the phone for like an hour every night with my girlfriend , and i used to just lie there and hold the phone . the ear piece has been great in the sense that i can now DO things -LSB- clean my room etc. -RSB- while talking on the phone . its also great while driving to and from work . although the site says it ranges up to 33 feet , it doesnt . it works for me cuz i keep my phone in my pocket , but it does get staticy when you move more than 6 feet from the cell.any questions , comments ? email me at dhssanchez@gmail.com-David
 This is the first time I am using a bluetooth headset . It 's a relatively good price , fits well , and the sound quality for both ends of the phone are good . Honestly speaking , I do n't really understand what more expensive headsets are for except for maybe a bit more comfortability.BUY it .
 I bought this bluetooth for my husband . He loves it and has had limited problems with it . The only issue he had was that he originally used a motorolla razer cell phone . The bluetooth had to be kept very close to the razer to work . If he moved a foot or more away there was a lot of scratching noise , even if the phone was just in his pocket . He now owns a Tmobile Dash and it works great with the new phone . He can go up to about 30ft away with no problems .
 I find this headset to be just as advertised , Really sleek design and comfortable to use.I 'm giving it 5 stars .
 easy to use -LRB- directions were clear -RRB- earpiece a little clumsy , takes a few tries to put on -LRB- or maybe the problem is my big ears -RRB- good volume , sound , no static
 This is my 2nd Plantronics Explorer 330 . I bought two other Plantronics Bluetooth Headsets before I ordered the original one I had at first , the 330 . The noise cancelling bluetooth had very low volume . The 330 is the best . I live in Massachuetts and I can talk to my sisters , one in Virginia and one across the country in the state of Washington . They both can heard me clearly . Love my 330 !!!
 Had a a Plantronics 330 Explorer Blutooth before that I purchased at a local wireless store and paid about $ 60.00 new 2 years ago . Worked great but earpiece cracked . I replaced with same model purchased through Amazon.con and paid $ 18.00 . Works just as good as first one .
 This Thanksgiving and Black Friday , instead of standing in the line for the deals , I spent the time online looking for a Bluetooth headset . For some reason , I ended up buying 4 headsets on a leading auction site . Apart from this one , I got a Motorola H3 and two Samsung WEP200 . Of all the three models , this one turned out to be the best engineered product.I 'm someone who puts more emphasis on the functionality than the styling or looks . My take on the form
 I got this because it was the least expensive , decent looking bluetooth headset available . One really big thing in its favor is that , in comparison to other bluetooth headsets , the 330 is pretty discreet . Okay , I admit , it flashes blue every once and a while and people look at you funny . But it is by far one of the least obnoxious and lowest-impact earpieces in terms of appearance . For me , that is a good thing . You may desire a different , more bling bling look . Another good thing is the price.However , the price seems to show in the quality of the earphone . The microphone appears to work fine - no complaints from people that I could not hear them clearly . But in my experience , this headset has been very variable in regard to how clearly I can hear the other person . The fidelity seems variable and I ca n't explain why . At this price , I really would not hesitate to buy it , though . I got it when it cost a little more and I do not regret buying it . I do not doubt that there are better bluetooth headsets out there , but I do not think that for thirty bucks this is a waste of money . If I 'd paid $ 150 for it , I would say that the fidelity of the earphone is not up to par for an item of that price , but that 's not the case .
 This headset is extremely easy to use , synced with my Motorola L2 with no problem . The sound is loud and clear , and no one has been able to tell I was talking to them via a Bluetooth connection . If you are outside and in windy conditions , however , the person on the other end will not be able to hear you because of the wind noise . This can most immediately be remedied by turning your head so the headset is on the leeward side of your head.It took a few tries to learn how to put the headset on my ear , simultaneously putting the hook over the ear and the earbud just inside the flap in front of the ear canal . For the most part it stays in well , but if I turn my head quickly while driving the earbud will sometimes slip out . The headset will not fall off because of the hook , but you have to reinsert the earbud , which can be annoying . If you tend to have lots of earwax , a periodic tissue ear cleaning is in order to help this headset stay in.In addition to colored LED lights to tell you such things as the status of the battery and whether you 've missed a call , the headset will also emit various soft beep tones at seemingly random times . I assume these tones mean either that the Bluetooth connection is weak or disconnected or the battery might be low , but the tones are not explained in the manual . The tones are not annoying and never interrupt a conversation , I just do n't know what they mean.I have not tested the range of this headset , though one time I received a call when I was outside of my truck and my phone was inside of my truck , and I was able to hear the ring -LRB- the headset rings in your ear -RRB- and answer the call . I 'd say I was probably 7 to 8 feet away from my phone.Battery life is superb . I received this headset approximately three weeks ago , charged it up and am still using it on that initial charge . I only use it while I 'm driving , and turn it off when I 'm not using it , so my actual talk and standby time is probably only 4 to 5 hours per week.Overall this headset is a really good value . Unfortunately the only way to actually try any of these Bluetooth headsets is to buy them , so you should do as much online research as you need to feel comfortable that the headset will work for you .
 This is a good inexpensive Bluetooth headset . I have used it in all types of conditions , walking in noisy urban areas , driving , etc. . I can hear the people I am speaking with and they can hear me.The only reason I did not give it the 5th star is that it is touchy when trying to voice dial . You have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset.I would recommend this product . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 I got 2 of these Plantronics Explorer 330 headsets ; 1 for me , 1 for the wife . We got them since California passed a law that you needed a hands-free phone if you want to talk in the car.Neither my wife or I are heavy cell phone users , so we wanted something reasonable priced , but of decent quality & easy to use . These were just the thing . We have different model Nokia phones with AT&T ; service . The headsets were up & connected & working with each of the phones in 5 minutes total time ; a piece of cake.Sound quality is good -LRB- roughly the same as the normal phone -RRB- and they fit both of our ears comfortably . I would recommend these to people looking for a reasonably priced headset . great deal , very satisfied .
 I had swapped this for a Motorola unit . The Motorola unit fit sloppily . . too much play / wanted to fall out . This unit fits snug and comfortable . Sound quality very good . Battery life seems to be triple the Motorola unit . For the price . . a no brainer .
 - Great sound quality
 This bluetooth is easy to pair with your phone and offers great clarity . This is my second Plantronics and I will continue buying them since the product is good and the price is quite reasonable .
 I had n't used my previous bluetooth for a couple of years because I did n't like the reception , but the new state law mandates the use of bluetooth devises when driving in a school zone . I decided to try a new one , and the Explorer 330 was a third of the price I paid for my older version and has much clearer reception . Even better , people say that they ca n't tell that I 'm using a bluetooth devise . For an inexpensive product , I think it 's a very good value .
 I agree with the other reviewers , max range is probably 10 feet . Other than that very high marks , easy to pair , charge , and use , and as long as you 're close the sound quality is great . Plantronics makes a great product .
 Works perfect . What to say ? Does a good job and I 'm surprised for it 's range -LRB- more than 10 mts -RRB- . Plantronics is a good brand indeed .
 There are many pros for this item , but no cons as of yet . I have used it on many phone calls.Great ConnectionEasy to useAnswer feature works wellcomfortablelight weightgood call qualityI would highly recommend this bluetooth headset to anyone . I even hooked it up to my playstation 3 and it worked just fine . It says it has a 30 foot range , that is realistically more like a 10 . You do want to hold the phone on the side that the earpiece is on for the best connection , but the distance you hold it has not made an impact on sound quality.Get this piece at a great price here on Amazon .
 Plantronics is a world leader in ear-piece peripherals . They manufacture every imaginable headsets from telephone to gaming . The Explorer 330 fits the bill to supplement a bluetooth cellphone and its ease of use and functionality is way superior to a lot of bluetooth headphones out there . I have had mine for about 2 years now and has always worked great . Pairing is not a problem for this headset , once the pairing is recorded in the phone , there are no quirks about pairing it when you need to use it . Distance-wise , it does not conform to the 33ft maximum , but on a personal note , I hardly part the headset with the phone in that distance so it hardly matters according to my intended use . Overall happy with this headset as it has exceeded my expectations to great lengths !
 I ordered one for myself and one for our teenage daughter , so we could drive hands-free . I 've also enjoyed wearing it around the house so I can get things done and talk at the same time . My daughter and I both have small ears , but it fits very well . I can hear well and whomever I 'm talking to has been able to hear very well.The only complaint I have is that sometimes it picks up sounds too well . For instance , if you 're filing papers , that sound may come across to the person you 're talking to a little too well , but for the price , I can definitely live with it.My daughter & I both had been dissatisfied with our previous bluetooths and we have both been happy with this one .
 I had problems not hearing clearly any phone calls . I read reviews about this product . I 'm not sure if the battery last as long as they claim though . I like it . I recommend it . It sounds loud and clear .
 The headset works really well . And best of all the price was super reasonable compared to the retail stores !
 My first bluetooth and it was easy to install and works as advertised . I bought two of them , one for me and one for my girlfriend , and they both work great .
 This headset works well with my Motorola KRZR cell phone . It 's sound is loud and clear . It charges rather quickly . It is very basic for a beginner . It dose n't have very good battery life though .
 Yes I get a bit of static now and again and yes ... it does bug me ... but I can hear on it just fine and even with the windows down ... the person on the other end can hear me fine too . The voice dial works just fine ... it helps if you have more than one sylable names ! Or funky nicknames ... I gave my sister the nickname Aloha Chica and it has no problem finding her and connecting our call . For what it is and the price it is I 'd say you 'd be getting a deal and compared to the price of other bluetooth headsets ... really be happy with this one ! I 've experienced devices far more expensive that had the same static ... just a bigger price tag ... you do n't always get what you paid for ... sometimes you get less ... so this again is a deal and do n't be so concerned about a low price being low quality ... bluetooth is not a science everything no matter the price tag attached has flaws ... give bluetooth a couple more years ... maybe less ... and it 'll be even better
 Only flaw i can think of is the fact that i forget to turn it off most of the time . Therefore battery runs out after i wake up in the morning ! Good headset though
 I bought this blue tooth headset for use with the iPhone without knowing whether or not it would work ... stupid , I know , but it DOES . Anyhow , this is the 2nd headset I 've owned and this is much better than the last . It 's lightweight , good looking , and best of all , it fits snugly without being obtrusive . I have n't had it long enough to really test how well it holds a charge , but so far it seems solid . I think it 's a pretty good value .
 The reason I chose this headset was b/c it was inexpensive . I have had it now for a couple of weeks & I have n't had any problems with it . If you want a cheap bluetooth headset then this is the way to go .
 I own the earlier version of this device as well and when that started to break down I explored the market for another . The prices of these new headsets were outrageous . Having served me extremely well -LRB- I am constantly on the cell phone for hours on conference calls etc -RRB- I decided to search on the web for the same bluetooth . My version also the 330 plantronics not being available I ended up buying this newer blue tooth device and have been using it now for over a month with no problem at all.Great sound quality even when I am driving -LRB- wind noise is not an issue -RRB- and also at other places ambient noise has not been an issue with this device.If you are in the market for a bluetooth device you can not go wrong . It fits nicely over the ear -LRB- I do not like the extremely slim lined head pieces as they tend to come off during head turns etc -RRB- . Battery life is excellent given I am constantly on the phone and I do not charge it till night . Distance away from phone is also not an issue . During the times you have your phone on vibrate , if your phone rings it sounds a soft jingle in your ear which is awesome as you know someone is calling without your phone having to be put on the ringer.Great product , fantastic price . Definitely recommend .
 Excellent product for the money . I will be purchasing a similar one with a noise cancellation feature in the future .
 The Plantronics Explorer 330 headset I purchased is the most comfortable I have ever owned and I 've had a few over the years . Affordable too , the ear bud portion that fits into you ear is what sets it appart . Too many manufacturers think we all have the same size or shape of ears and the clip that goes around your ear is hard to get just right . Not so with the 330 . Slip it over your ear , get the earbud set into your ear , and you 're set . I 've been playing basketball with my son and have forgotten I 'm wearing it because it is so comfortable to wear .
 I 've used MANY types of bluetooths . This Plantronics bluetooth is excellent for those that keep their phone on them the entire time . When I walk across my bedroom and keep my phone on the charger it gets fuzzy . That 's my only complaint but otherwise a great bluetooth !
 This headset works very well for the price . The range is n't tremendously good , generally it 's best to remain within arm 's length of whatever you 've paired to , so it 's a good choice for in the car . In the office , it may not be a good choice if you need to be walking around your workspace and have paired to a something fixed . However , within the limited range , the sound quality is quite good . The battery life is very good . I find that it 's a comfortable headset , and I can wear it all day with no complaints .
 I think this is a really comfortable earpiece , I have forgotten it on my ear before . The battery holds for a long time and you can move further than it leads you to believe and still be heard . The only problem is that it is easy to loose it but if you do like I did . I bought the same one again . It has great sound quality.Liz
 Comfortable to wear , easy to use . Transmits clearly and you ca n't beat the low cost for a basic Bluetooth .
 I bought a second Headset when I immersed my first in water ! OOPS ! Opted for the same model because I loved it 's sleek design . Was a bit disappointed by the static-filled reception of the second unit , however . But at this price point , who can really complain .
 I really like this headset of the two I 've had before , mostly because it has the piece that fits inside your ear . The over the ear clip is n't loose and fits okay . The only thing that bothers me is sometimes if I do n't have the headset in my ear properly , that inside piece irritates my ear . Other than that it 's a really good headset . I like it better than the two Motorola 's headsets I 've had in the past .
 The Plantronics Explorer 330 fits snugly on my ear but hurts my ear by end of day . Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell . The one button works well to turn ON , OFF & set the Heatset Volume . No complaints with those I communicate with & I can hear voices clearly . This was a good value for me . No need to buy any head set more expensive . A good buy if it is recommended for your Cell . Enjoy .
 I have bought two of these . I always thought that bluetooths were for nerds until I found myself really needing one sicne I drive a manual . I have a pretty decent phone and in order to get a bluetooth that would work perfect for it , I would need to pay over 100 $ . This product works fantastic for any phone ! You have great quality in hearing and speaking . It also keeps its charge for days on . The only issue that I have with it , like any other bluetooth , is you can hear everything else that goes on around you as well as the person you may be speaking to . Other than that , it is a great deal !! I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good quality in-expensive bluetooth .
 The 330 was realy easy to install and works great . I went to best buy to do some research . They said that it works just as good as the $ 100 plus blue tooths . I found it even cheaper at Amazon . Very happy and would reccommend .
 This `` small '' device is well worth the money that I paid for it . I just wanted a basic bluetooth device as I do n't use one all of the time . This one was a perfect fit .
 Pros
 This ear-bud is nice because it only takes one-touch to do anything . The only thing I do n't like about it is that you have to say a couple of extra commands -LRB- i.e. ` name dial ' -RRB- before you can call someone . It 's a little counter-intuitive , but overall very easy to pair up and use . I lost my first one and re-ordered the exact same one due to its easy functions and mid-range pricing . Definitely a good buy , and seems to have pretty long battery life .
 When shopping for a headset , comfort to wear was one of my primary requirements and this satisfied that requirement the best . Performance is good and is light weight . The only problem I have found is people on the recieving side complain of external noise when I use the headset while driving with the windows rolled down or while travelling in the bus . . Recommended .
 I am giving this headset four stars because I have had multiple Plantronics bluetooth headsets , and this is not my favorite , but it definitely gets the job done . This headset retails for approx . $ 60.00 , and so for that I say it is definitely worth it 's dollar for what Amazon has it listed for . I never have any reception issues , and it holds its charge for a long time . I would recommend this headset to anyone .
 Although better quality than the price would directly make you think , do n't expect too much out of this bt headset . The single button functions are extremely easy to use and the headset fits fairly well on most ears ; however , it does not play nicely with -LRB- sun -RRB- glasses . Range in itself is fine , for about 20 feet it performs like it is right next to the phone ... . which is about like most other -LRB- nicer -RRB- headsets do at 20 ' . I experience constant static whenever listening to someone , but they always say my voice comes through clearly so at least the microphone works well . As a side note , be nice to your callers ; the microphone picks up on high or sharp sounds with extraordinary precision and even a microwave beeping will make them yell at you in scorn . Overall , I still feel like this is about the best purchase I could have made in this price bracket and would buy again .
 This is the best offer for a Bluetooth handsetI had Motorola , Erickson this is the best of allonly bad thing is that the battery dais without notice , it gives you twobeeps and 10 seconds to finish your call .
 This headset is low cost , simple , easy to setup & use . It is comfortable to wear . Just what I wanted . I bought it for use in the car , but I have been using it all day . This is my first headset . So I do n't have a comparison , but I have been pleasantly surprised . Sound quality is good enough for me . With so many models out there how do you choose ? I decided for $ 30 , it was worth the try . There are units costing $ 100 more . Ha !
 I found this product easy to hook up and use . For me it 's just what I need to go `` hands free '' ! I 've enjoyed clear reception and transmitting as well .
 I bought this headset about a week ago . The new Nokia phone my company issued me had issues . My time is spent on the road and at oil drilling rigs . The new phone is basically un hearable . Worse yet , I ca n't even feel it when it is set to vibrate . My personal phone will scare the bejezus out of me when it rings . So I needed to be able to hear the phone.Set up was really simple . Pairing the device only takes a minute or so . After that it 's ready to go . One touch operation . I have yet to wear the battery down in a normal day . I doubt I will as it has about 8 hours talk time . It charges in just a few minutes with the amounyt of use I put it through . This headset retails for $ 59 . I bought new for $ 16 . It was definately worth the money . Sound quality is good . The people i 've spoken with actually hear me better with this headset than with the handset.Now for the draw backs . The first is this thing sometimes does not want to power off . If you are still connected this will not allow you to use the regular phone as a handset . Next , it is a bit uncomfortable . perhaps it is the shape of my ear . I do n't know . I think it needs to be made of a bit softer material.If you do n't need to spend too much time with one of these things in your ear it is a steal at $ 16 . Buy yourself two for that matter . Definately a bargain .
 Easy to use , clear , no static . This is my second Plantronics bluetooth which is used often . Definitely recommend .
 I have gone through several Motorola and Jawbone headsets that cost twice as much and produced half the quality promised . This unit has not let me down from Day One . It has a very solid range and the microphone is perfect . It picks up my voice perfectly while leaving the rest out . My voice dialing has NEVER been easier . I had to sometimes repeat the phone contact several times , if it worked at all , with my Motorola unit . I have never experienced that with this one . It always works.You can not beat the form and funtion of this Plantronics unit for the price !! I highly recommend it .
 This headset exceeded my expectations . I particularly like the fit and feel of the Explorer 330 . It is light and comfortable and can be worn all day without difficulty . And the small rubber earpiece fits comfortably inside your ear and keeps the device from flopping around when you turn your head.The functionality is superb . All the functions are controlled with one button
 This headset works well enough for my use . One problem I have with it is the range , which is n't very far . If I have my phone in my purse , and the headset on the opposite ear , there is usually static . If I switch the headset to the other ear , everything is fine . Also , there is static if the phone is in my pants pocket . So the range only seems to be about 2 feet without static . The headset also picks up a lot of ambient noise . People I am talking to can hear when I have music on in my car at a very low volume . But overall , the voice quality is good on both ends and it is very comfortable .
 I have been using this for two months now . Absolutely no problems.It 's convenient to wear too . This is my second bluetooth and I like it .
 At this price is incredible to find a bluetooth headset that has a good design/weight , functions , easy-to-sync properties and of course , great sound . I 've used it with my Nokia 6300 as well as my iPhone . The Nokia has voice recognition dialing that can be activated from the headset without touching the phone.About the fit in your ear , well , I know there may be more confortable options , but to be honest , I constantly forget I 'm wearing it until my cell phone rings ; it is light , has a good grip and fits smoothly on either one of your ears .
 It is a not expensive bluetooth -LRB- ~ 25 bucks -RRB- with good sound quality . Not only I like the design , but also it is comfortable to wear it for long time . The battery lasts for an acceptable period of time.The only bad thing I have detected is that it is not very good when you want to use it as headset for my computer using VoIP -LRB- there is delay -RRB- .
 I purchased this headset as a replacement for one that I lost -LRB- same model -RRB- . Prior to purchasing , I tried a number of the Motorola headsets and found them to be too loose on the ear . The Plantronics 330 fits comfortably snug . Sound quality is good , volume is adjustable from soft to loud , and those on the receiving end hear me clearly . The command function is nothing short of remarkable ; simply say the name of someone in the phone 's directory and it gets it right 95 % of the time . Dialing by verbally calling out the numbers is equally accurate . I highly recommend this headset .
 A gift to my wife , but it does n't fit up to her ear very well . It fits mine alright though . Sound quality is good , the other side hears me well too . Easy to operate . A minor hit got its top housing off totally . Snap it back on , feels flimsy , and feels like it will come off easily .
 I have had this ear piece for over a year and I find that I can hear voices very well and no one has complained that they can not hear me . I like the fact that the ear piece flips to right or left and I think it is comfortable in the ear . I have had other ear pieces that have had the ear bud type attachment and they actually gave me ear pain and in a hurry I could n't place it to my ear and talk . Unlike this one . For me I like this product , the price was reasonable , and it is a workhorse . So what if it flashes blue at least it does what it is supposed to do in a clear , no distortion , manner .
 I 've had another Plantronics earpiece for awhile , but -- with all the reports coming out about cellphone-cancer link -- wanted to get my wife one too . It 's a great product , at a great price point . It has clear reception and fantastic battery life . Fits well too !
 Only complaint about the product is that the ear canal insert is short and small so it dislodges easily with head movement . On the flip side , it 's comfortable because it does n't push at all on your ear canal . Also have to keep the phone very close -LRB- usually in hand or on waist -RRB- or get interference . But like the sleek design .
 It sounds pretty good . THe only time it 's a little harder to hear is when both people are on their bluetooths , but still , for the price , it 's a great deal .
 All I can say is I should have bought 2 of this item . Its clarity and all the features are worth buying one for each phone .
 I like this bluetooth mainly because of the fit . I find it stays comfortably in your ear and does n't easily fall off . I previously bought a Motorola blue tooth and dropped it about 5 days after I got it , I could no longer get a connection to my phone and pretty much threw it out . I have dropped this about 2 times already and it still works fine . I like that you can easily rotate to put on your other ear because I can not handle something in my ear for too long . The sound quality is not perfect but I think it is great for the price . I bought one for each of my family members .
 Fits good in my ear , easy to use , good sound quality and at a good price . I have been very pleased with it .
 This is my first bluetooth product and without having used other bluetooth , I 'd say this is a very decent product . i picked this brand and model based on experience from my friends . * It connects easily to my blueberry curve . * Sound is very clear and loud enough -LRB- adjustable of course -RRB- * the one button works very well for me -LRB- on/off , volume -RRB- * decent battery life , have n't died on me yet during usage -LRB- my driving commute consists of mostly under 2 hours total a day and i only use this bluetooth for a total of maybe 1 hour each day -RRB- * no complaints from people who i talk to , they can hear me loud and clear * price is right , i bought the refurb at $ 25 so if this ever dies , I 'd just buy another * the comfort level is mediocre , this is my first bluetooth so i do n't know if other brands of bluetooth fits the same way , but having used it everyday for over 3 weeks , it 's still a bit uncomfortable in my ear . Even tho the tip is rubber , it is hard enough that it hurts my ear a bit after 15-20 minutes of usagei would DEFINITELY recommend this to others ...
 I bought this headset after reading several product reviews both here and on other sites . I 'm new to Bluetooth technology so do n't have anything to compare with the Plantronics Explorer 330 , but I can say it met all my expectations and has worked very well . The only shortcoming is lack of an in-car charger .
 normaly i dont write reviews , but this headset is great lightweight and not too expensive.i highly recomend if youre looking for a bluetooth for ps3 -LCB- although price has gone up on this one , i got lucky only paid 20 now its up to 30 still good buy -RCB-
 I was very happy with the product I purchased from amazon , I got what I wanted for about 1/4 of the retail price!The Plantronics was recomended by a friend and I am very happy with it.I bought a Jabra and it was the worst thing ever and this plantronics Explorer 330 is nice and clear .
 I have had this headset for a few years and it has been sitting in a box for about a year . Just pulled it out and paired it with my Droid X and it works fine . It was easy to pair and the sound is good . I have no problem with the comfort , since I only use it occasionally . Good inexpensive headset . I have owned 3 Plantronics headsets and I liked all of them . If I were buying a new headset I would probably get the 520 .
 i love plantronics headset easy to use and can compare with almost any phone and computer.i bought usb headset for my computer play games and talk with my girlfriend it 's fantastic.i have iphone4 and try to get right bluetooth headset could not find any.finally i read lots of reviews and order this one.got it today and it can use it my phone i feel so happy and in future i know i feel the same .
 I use this headset all the time for my PS3 and it works perfectly . It may not last an entire day of gaming but on available nights it lasts the whole time and is clear and low profile for online game chatting .
 Picked this up when it was on sale and I must admit that it works great . Fits well and stays put . Sound is crisp . I 've received no complaints from people on the other end of the call . The battery holds up well . And it 's easy to use . Used with an iPhone and Blackberry with no issues.Update
 I 'm very satisfied with this product . Do n't believe bad reviews . The price and the quality are excellent .
 I could not believe how comfortable it was . It was so clear that no one knew that I was on a hands-free set . I am very happy .
 Excelent product , last year I bought one and it was so good , that I decided to buy another one for my wife
 Easy to set up , great rececption , comfortable for about 5 hours for my daily usage .
 Plantronics Explorer 330 Easy-To-Use Bluetooth Headset for all Bluetooth Enabled PhonesLightweight , easy to use . A little complicated on the pairing function at the beginning with my Dash .
 Would be nice if it had adjustable earpieces . But for the price its fairly nice .
 I found the product to be very good.But the interaction with the sellers was very Professional , they deserve my highest respect .
 other reviewer was upset that it came with no tips , the price of 2.66 is very low , and if you know where to get tips -LRB- pilot truck-stops has them -RRB- you can have a decent backup for phone or other usb powered devices at a very reasonable cost .
 Very happy with this headset.easy to use , long battery life , good sound quality.I was able to keep having a conversation in several lound spaces like restaurant / mall without having to scream into the thing.fit is comfotable but interfering with my glasses . Im pretty sure though I would have this problem with most other head sets as well .
 Very nice bluetooth , a little bit big for my taste , but very solid feeling and does the job . Very good sound , fits nicely on my ear , and I love the car charger . Other than the slightly large size and look of it , its a great headset !
 The Explorer 350 is simple to set up and use . Here 's my lowdown : Positive : - easy set up and use - good sound - balances well on the ear and easy to put on - nice options charging in car or via a USB port - nice options for mounting it in the car - nice phone ringing tone in the earpieceNegatives : - no built-in mute function -LRB- that I can find -RRB- - if you want to recharge via outlet , you have to purchase a chargerThis is my second Plantronics bluetooth headset . The first -LRB- Voyager -RRB- had all the bells as whistles , but the buttons were very small and the volume button broke when I dropped it on a tile floor . This one is easier to adjust on the fly but you have to be willing to live with no mute .
 The Plantronics Explorer 350 is a good bet for ease of use and comfort on the ear . It has very good sound and volume when used in a vehicle on the road . One thing that is a bother is that the cradle that it rests on falls off the dash and I am always picking it up from the floor . It could be more secure on the cradle . Overall , a very good buy .
 There is n't much to say about this BT handsfree headset . It is simple , has good battery life and the cradle is very handy ... I only use this in my car -LRB- because of the new handsfree law -RRB- and it sits there turned on all the time . When I get in the car , I just tap the button on the headset and it re-initializes with my iphone and it is ready to go.It is comfortable enough for me since I only keep it in my ear during a call , but if you are planning to keep it in your ear all the time you might want to look into something smaller . I have no regrets with this purchase especially with the cost being around $ 35 . The voice quality is not the greatest but I did n't have a problem with it either , the loudness makes up for it.BTW The car cradle was one of the biggest selling points for me ...
 Love this product line , I have the 320 myself , 340 purchased for my mother and 350 for my husband . All outstanding quality for the money . Easy to hook up , easy to use . Will continue to purchase Plantronics .
 I purchased this unit as a replacement for one of the same model that I lost . -LRB- I found the lost one the day after this one arrived ... -RRB- The unit fits both my wife and I comfortably in either ear . It comes with a car charger , a home charger and a USB charger as well as a cool dash mount .
 Very awesome , sometimes a little staticky but not to bothersome levels . volume is fine in the car . someone 's review said they couldnt hear but that is inaccurate .
 Product comes with USB and car lighter charging options . Binding to Blackjack works like a charm . Voice quality and battery life are both good for the price .
 For anyone who uses a bluetooth capable phone this is a great headset . It 's the most user friendly headset I 've used .
 Very good sound quality and easy to use ; Excellent battery life!A little uncomfortable when worn for long periods of time -LRB- 2 + hours -RRB- Now using this with my iPhone 4 . Only one complaint , the charger does n't lock in to the headset and frequently falls off when charging .
 This is my second Plantronics bluetooth headset , and it is the best yet . I bought this for the ability to charge in my car and/or computer thru USB . The in car and USB power supplies also work with my slightly older Plantronics 510 unit . I found I like the newer Plantronics 350 better than the 510 . The 350 is more compact , feels lighter on the ear , and the - One Button - does all feaure makes it easier to use . The 510 is still an excellent unit , I had no problems with it , however , Plantronics improved on a great thing by making the 350 . I sold my Plantronics 510 to a good friend who loves it . Everybody is happy with Plantronics . Buy Plantronics .
 Pros : * loud * comfortable * easy to swap left to right side * lightweight * cradle with car charger is convenient * good battery lifeCons * static can be heard occasionally if weared on the left ear while the phone is in the right pocket . I had compared with Motorola HS810 - Motorola sounds ok , looks like it has better bluetooth receiver.But most of the time the sound is clean , so it 's not a very big problem * weird strong LED flashes every 5sec all the time connected to phone , feel yourself an Airbus with signal lights :-RRB- Can be fixed with black permanent marker though : -RRB-
 Although the Plantronics Explorer 350 is my first bluetooth device , my cousin has an Explorer 330 . The 350 is substantially better - less strange , garbled background swirling noise while driving at highway speeds . Both tend to transmit that strange noise if the pavement is rough under the tires or if the car cabin is noisy . We both got these devices to use in the car , and they serve their purpose admirably . When the phone rings , you can easily put the device in your ear and answer the call - no fumbling with dangling , tangled wires , and you can keep your attention on the road where it belongs . The 350 comes with both a car charger and home charger . Note that you 're not supposed to use the 350 while it is charging . And note that the home charger does n't plug into the wall ; it plugs into a USB port , which means you charge it from your laptop or desktop PC . I got the 350 because I wanted one with a car charger , but now I wish I had gotten the Plantronics Voyager 510 . The charge holds plenty long on the 350 -LRB- about 3 weeks now using it intermittently -RRB- , and if the 510 holds its charge that long , then it would suit me better . Its noise cancellation feature would hopefully eliminate that strange background swirling noise that the 350 sometimes transmits to your listener . Besides , you could use the 510 on your home or office phone , too . Having said that , the 350 works pretty well . Once you situate it correctly in your ear , you can hear your caller just fine . The voice-activated feature works great with my voice-activated phone . Again , I do n't have to look at the phone to make a voice-activated call . Works great for the car , and I 'm using it more and more around the house . I like not having to hold the phone to my ear.Plantronics Explorer 350 Easy-To-Use Bluetooth Headset for all Bluetooth Enabled Phones
 I picked up one of these for use in the car , and it has served faithfully . Once you overcome the Luddite urge to yell into it , it 's quite comfortable in use . Our little car suffers from quite a lot of road noise , and this cancels it out.Pros : Solid construction , with a nice hinge for left-right switching.Molded earpiece channels soundPlenty LoudBecause volume controls are forward-backward , rather than up-down , swapping from left to right does n't give you an upside-down set of buttons . Nice!Automatic pairing functioned well with my iPhone or my wife 's Samsung Eternity.Flashes when call is incoming , for those of us who do n't wear these things constantly -LRB- how many seconds does it take to pick up , turn on , and mount ? -RRB- Cons : The lack of intuitive buttons makes for a bit of a learning curve -- my techno-phobic wife is n't thrilled about the press/hold list she needs to memorize . Could be a positive if you 're looking to wear this thing constantly.The car charging holster is a bit flimsy , and requires some maneuvering . Do note that it 's not a contact charger , like your cordless home telephone . It 's simply a molded piece which holds your charger and earpiece together , but you 've got to fiddle to make it work.At least with our model , the charger fits loosely ; after too much wiggling -LRB- like , say , while driving in a car -RRB- , the charger will come loose and the headset will need reconnected.Overall , I 'd really recommend this piece , especially for the price . Just be aware of what you 're getting -- a headset , with some throw-away accessories .
 It is light and sleek . I like the look of it . Setting up is easy and battery time is reasonable . Under $ 30 is a best deal .
 This is a great headset . Everything is loud and clear and it 's a great value at 35 bucks . Battery life is also impressive , I 've had this headset for 3 weeks and I have n't needed to charge it since the initial charge .
 I purchased 2 Plantronics Explorer 350 Headsets ; one for myself and one for my husband . I decided on this one after doing extensive research via your reviews . I did n't want to spend a great deal of money for a quality product , and the price was just right . We had Motorolas before in the same price range , but the sound of the Plantronics is very clear and they are easy to use . We got them primarily to use while driving , but they are so much more comfortable than the old ones that we use them every day . Background noise is almost non-existant and we can speak in a normal voice to be heard ; we do n't have to shout . Thanks again for the detailed reviews ; they are invaluable for making a decision .
 This bluetooth is for my wife , who has small ears , and this earpiece has a inner speaker that helps keep the earpiece balanced in and on her ear , great product .
 I 'm happy with this headset as it works as advertised with my Motorola RAZR V3m .
 Bought this for my husband and he loves it . Had to return the first one as it had too much static in it , however , Amazon sent another before I returned it and the replacement is great - fits his ear perfect , clarity and reception are great .
 I have been using the Plantronics Explorer 350 for a couple of months now . It is coupled to my Blackberry Storm 2 . The set up was very simple . I only use it sporadically when I am in the car . However , what I like most about it are
 I bought the Plantronics 350 on a recommendation from a friend . The sound quality is excellent and the fit is perfect . I like the car mount and automatic charger . So far , I 'm a happy customer .
 I ordered . I am satisfied with the price and service . I will be ordering in the future .
 The car charger is great , out of the way but convenient in both a minivan and a roadster . Some folks will complain about the lack of an AC adapter - pick up a USB-AC plug if you need it , they 're cheap . If you 're like me , just leave it in the car , since that 's where it 's needed most often .
 Purchased this unit for the wife for use with her -LRB- verizon -RRB- Samsung SCH 950 phone , and it works quite well , both in and out of the vehicle . She claims it is comfortable to wear ... but sometimes the button for answering and other functions can be a little `` tempermental '' . If you press the button too hard , or too long , the unit decides to go into functions other than the one you might want . Even with practice , the sensitivity can be trying at times . Otherwise , the unit works well , and as promised . I also experimented with the unit connected to my LG VX_8600 , and the Samsung pairs much better than the LG.Only other gripe would be the charger that is dependent upon a USB port for power , rather than electricity from a household outlet ... if you are far from a computer , recharging the earpiece can be impossible .
 I 've had this headset for a week , and I 'm very satisfied . I 'm able to be 20-30 feet away from it with very little static , and both parties are able to hear just fine . It does make your ear a little sore if using it for extended periods of time , but it 's only sore when you take it out or move it . If you just leave it in , you do n't feel a thing . I have a couple computers in my apartment , so only having a usb charger for in-home charging is perfectly fine for me . I 'm very happy with it , and for the price , totally recommend it .
 When I bought my first Bluetooth-enabled phone about 3 years ago the deal included a Motorola Bluetooth headset . Cool , I thought . Then I used it less and less , because the thing had to be recharged at home and would only last about an hour . Soon I thought it was just too hard to use ... hard to put on , and totally weird in that to turn it on you had to take it OFF your ear , flip down the mouthpiece , then put it BACK on your ear . Whoever designed the thing had no clue how people use headsets . It also sounded like I was talking from the bottom of a water well . Whenever I used it on conference calls people would yell for me to go on mute . So I started asking people in the waiting rooms at airports what brand they had and what brand they liked . I got so many people who hated Jabra that I did n't even consider it . I already did n't really care for Motorola , so I started looking at Nokia , which seem to be nice but clumsy , and then I kept meeting more and more people who were in love with their Plantronics . I have used Plantronics headsets for a long time in the office , after all , that 's all they do and they seem to do it well . I looked at a few Plantronics and did n't find one that jumped out at me , then one day I ran across the Explorer 350 . This was just too good to be true ! Are you kidding me , $ 49 bucks for a Bluetooth headset made by the top brand ? Then I looked closer and found that Plantronics did something very unique with this headset . Instead of having to charge it at home , it comes with an extremely cool little clip that either mounts to your dash or hooks to your air vent in your car then plugs into your cigarette lighter . Now that made sense ! A place to hold the headset where you use it most , always charging , then ready to use in a second or to walk around the rest of the day with it fully charged . For us road warriors , Plantronics also thoughtfully included a USB charging cable so the trusty laptop will keep your headset charged while you sleep . You can buy an optional AC adapter if that makes you feel more secure . So how is it built and how does it perform ? Built like a Hummer ! The main piece is one solid chunk that looks like it is pretty immune to any normal damage while clunking around in your pocket with a lot of coins . The piece that goes around your ear looks like it is solid as well , and effortlessly switches from ear to ear and slips on with one easy motion . After the first time , this thing slips on with no thought on my part and instantly is in the perfect position for use . Operation could n't be simpler . Unlike my Motorola with several switches that you had to remember how and what sequence to push them in , the Plantronics has one switch . Push it in to turn it on , push it in to turn it off , push it in to talk , push it in to hang up , push it in to voice dial , etc. . All you have to do is push . Want to make it louder or quieter ? Push up or push down . No-brainer . I saved performance for last because this is what convinced me to keep it . After a quick charge I called a friend from my car with the window rolled down . This is a friend I talk to all the time from my land line . I said , hey , I just bought a new Bluetooth headset and want to see how it sounds to you . He said , cool , put it on and I 'll let you know . I said ... I already have it on ! He said the sound was perfect , no background noise of any kind and it sounded at least as good as my landline . One of the things several of my airport buddies told me they liked about Plantronics is how the durable rubber earpiece fits comfortably inside your ear and blocks out noise ... like annoying flight announcements . I have to say that not only did I sound perfect to my friend but every call I have been on has been easier to hear than with any other headset I have ever tried.PROS : Sound QualitySuperior constructionEase of usePairing - instant and flawlessPriceComfortCONS : None I could see . Earns a comfortable 5 stars !
 This is my first BT headset.Good
 If the bluetooth headset design process and products were compared to a big sandbox and the engineers were kids , the plantronics engineers would be blowing multicolored glass vases and the motorola people would be making mud pies that smell like a cat box while they made noises vaguely resembling coherent speech.More to the point , my dog picked up my headset where I dropped it and crunched into my plantronics 330 this weekend . I got the 350 to replace it . It 's wonderful.Anyway , after buying mine , I opened it in the car , then charged it with the included car charger . It was useable in 20 minutes . From there , I paired it . It paired almost instantly - no fuss no muss . As anybody that 's ever owned any other bluetooth models can confirm - pairing with your bluetooth can be a bigger pain than trying to court a supermodel with similar expectations of success.After pairing , I left myself a message , and yes - the volume and quality of sound coming through to the other end was excellent.I moved on to the human field trials . I called my brother . I told him about it , and he asked if I had it on . I said yes , and he said he could n't tell.It 's comfortable , the price was n't bad , it looks like it will be very durable unless I drop it where my dog can find it , it charges quickly , the volume can be turned up to loud levels , and the callee has no trouble understanding me while I am driving down the highway in my dodge pickup at 70 mph.For the record I 've owned 2 high end motorola headsets , and one of those black banana looking jabra ones as well . None of them compared to my plantronics . I liked the 330 as well , but this one is even better .
 I 'm sure this works fine , which is why I gave it four stars , but BE AWARE THERE 'S NO WALL CHARGER with this unit . There 's a USB charger and a car charger , but no wall charger . That was a deal breaker for me and I sent it back.I 'm disappointed that this listing is not more clear on that fact .
 had this in down-pours and extreme heat of an attic . this little guy stood up to it all and keeps on going . once this one `` dies '' i will get another . . if it ever does die out . I have had 3 others and beat the hell out of them in my job and this one keeps on going and going . Buy it and you will love it .
 I purchased this product for $ 37 , and it was well worth the money.What surprised me was the talk and charge that the headset was able to hold . On a single 2 hr . charge I was able to use it well for many days traveling to and from college and work . It is great with wind and very well designed . Voice can be heard clearly ; but , your voice heard by others sounds SLIGHTLY like you are on speakerphone . As for the uncomfortability that other reviews have stated ... . I have no problem with it at all . The 30 foot range is actually the max . range at which it will be connected . It is NOT the max . range that is talkable . You will start to here static at about 8 feet away . I do not like that once connected , you can only answer with your headset and not with your cell phone -- very annoying when a call comes in at 5 a.m. and you cant find your headset to answer the call on your cell phone that is a foot away -- Many headsets are like this though , and you only need to disconnect or walk out of range to be able to answer by cell phone . I 've gotten used to this small setback , and I believe this product is the best in its class for the price .
 Works well . I Like the in-car charger idea , but my car turns off that power source when engine not running , so can either charge or use product . Not a big hassle , but still ...
 Of all the various brands of bluetooth headsets I 've purchased , all of the Plantronics products seem to offer the best value for the dollar . I have purchased other headsets from Sennheiser , BlueAnt , Trek , Jawbone , Pioneer , Sony , Motorola , and god knows who else . Plantronics has been the ONLY brand that I 've been a repeat customer of . I 've gotten the same sound quality out of this $ 20something headset as I did from the $ 140 + Jawbone and $ 160 + Sennheiser ! My advice , simple , order this or any Plantronics headset , take the change and get some new games or apps on that fancy Android handset ...
 Purchased Sept. 5 , 2009 from Blue Harbor Online vendor for $ 26.98 . Very easy to set-up . I thought I would experience a lot of interference or fall outs etc , but this economical purchase exceeded my expectations . One button control for pick-up , re-dial , on-off , pairing , volume , voice commands , etc. . Just have to remember how many times and how long to hold the function button . It takes a little effort to press the button . All in all , a great investment and great purchase . Has been very reliable so far and construction is sturdy .
 This is my first bluetooth device . I recently upgraded my phone -LRB- Pantech Matrix C740 -RRB- and was looking forward to using bluetooth -LRB- especially while driving -RRB- . I did a lot of research on Amazon and almost bought the more expensive one . But I decided on this one because of the reviews and this being my first bluetooth device . I love it . The sound is real clear -LRB- as long as your phone is on the same side of your body as the device -RRB- . I will say , my wife was unloading groceries and left her phone in the house . When she was in the garage the sound broke up a little . She complained about not hearing well with the old phone and she was really impressed with how clear the sound was on the bluetooth . The cradel stays in my truck and works great when I need a place to store my bluetooth while I 'm at work . At home , I can use the USB cord -LRB- also provided -RRB- to plug into my computer if I need to recharge while I 'm home . A great buy !
 I hear loud and clear , people hear me the same -LRB- that 's a problem because of my deep voice -RRB- . Light and comfortable . Sturdy -LRB- I 'm hard on gadgets -RRB- . Very easy to operate . Good value .
 I bought this to replace an old Motorola Blue Tooth that I had used for several years before it actually fell apart on me . I am so happy it did because I love my new Plantronics Explorer 350 . I did a bunch of research before buying this on sale at Amazon for $ 29.99 and I am so happy with my purchase ! This is a great headset at any price.First , it fits my ear beautifully with both an in the ear and over the ear hook that is very comfortable and secure . It also looks great , very small and sleek -LRB- although I 'm not one to wear it when I 'm not in my car -RRB- . Also , the vent clip car mount is so convenient and works great without having to permanently mount it anywhere . I simply snap the earpiece to the mounted charger when I 'm done using it and it 's ready to go . It seems like it 's always fully charged . Finally , it works great with my Iphone . Connection is quick and easy , and the clarity of sound is incredible . I often have to turn it down because it 's too loud and clear . I absolutely ca n't believe I only paid $ 29.99 for this great little piece of equipment . I highly reccommend it to anyone in need of a new bluetooth .
 It may not look as nifty as the charger that came with my phone , but it certainly does the job and allows me to have a second charger at my office in case the battery runs low at the wrong time -LRB- often happens -RRB- . As for the price ... AWESOME !!!
 I got a bunch of these and they work perfectly . Enjoy .
 iT 'S A NEAT CHARGER , WORTH THE MONEY ... IT DOES A GOOD JOB AND WAS HAPPY WITH THE SHIPPING SPEED ...
 2.60 including shipping is a good deal for this charger . fast charging , like 3-4 hours from zero to full battery . compact , nice LED to indicate its plugged in .
 Easy to use , if you have a Samsung phone , this should be standard equipment . I 'd buy another if I needed to
 A perfect fit for my L6 . I love the protection for the screen ... it covers all of it so you do n't need those plastic screen covers . Do n't be afraid if you drop your phone ... because it 's protected !
 The item by itself is perfect to protect the phone from Scratches , it fits like a glove , really nice , the delivery from Eforcity was really fast and well packed but it got cracked after 5 days of use , it was n't hit or treated carelessly . I 'll order some more because they are really cheap and it 's better to have a cracked cover than a broken phone.Love how the phone looks in it while it was in good condition , the case started falling apart in cracked pieces and after 8 days I had to dump it .
 Got this to protect my Motorola L6 phone . It fits the phone like a glove . I also love that it protects the phone screen . The only complaint is that the case open easily if it 's dropped or handled in a rough way . Clear tape on the seams can easily take care of that . My toddler has gotten a hold of my phone more than once and dropped it . The case still does not have a chip or crack on it .
 it does a good job of protecting my phone and it fits nicely . the only problem was that it did n't come with a belt clip .
 Nice product . Hight quality workmanship . My only concern is if the clip were to gwt wedged against the phone , it would likely get torn off . Almost as nice as the Coach Cell Case , but a lot less expensive .
 i have bought clear plastic cases before , and they fit loosley . This case fit tightly and matched up to the phone perfectly
 Great product to help protect your phone from damage in the event it is dropped on the ground . I would recommend this product to family and friends .
 Very happy of my purchase , perfec fit for the L6 , easy access to all the function with the case on . The case gets all the scratchs and the phone stays new . The only con is that it get dusty under if you carry you phone in your pocket like I do . Solution
 I had been searching for a case for my v60 for a quite some time . This is finally it . It fits very well and has an opening for every port , microphone , etc. so the case never has to be removed for charging , etc. . I bought this ... -LSB- the -RSB- ... only place I could find a picture of the case -LRB- this case is not even on the Body Glove website ! -RRB- . Although not mentioned in the description , there is a window for the external caller ID . The case does not add too much to the size of the phone and makes the phone easier to grab , read the caller ID and open the phone without fumbling around and inadvertently pushing the buttons on the sides of the phone . The material does not look cheap and the case is not cheaply constructed . We are pleased !
 I got this in mid-2003 , so it may have changed since then . The clip it came with -LRB- as I recall -RRB- was rather large and angular ; if you wear something on your belt , you do n't want too many hard edges when you bend over ! I purchased the V60 case sold by Verizon , which came with a more rounded clip - but continued to use the Body Glove case because the neoprene appeared to offer more protection than thin leather . It has held up pretty well . After 3 years the back and mesh that fits around the top half of the phone have started to tear , but still usable . The failure point was finally the grommet that snaps into the clip
 I like the Motola Clip that comes with it . However is not safe for the V60 at all . This Cellsuit DOES the job very well , nice finishing , materials and looks ! If you need to keep it Guarded against everyday use it , this is it ! I do not see how can you break the CLIP unless you try to use it WITHOUT its realease tab ... GREAT BUY !!!!
 I 've had my V60 in a cellsuit for about a year and have found it easy to use and secure . The clip fits even on my thick belts though it feels more comfortable on thinner belts . Other than a small shiny wear area showing on the back snap , the case exterior still looks new . The buckle clip broke recently so I ordered a new cellsuit -- best cell phone case I 've encountered so far .
 We have one old Samsung cell phone in our family that continues to be grandfathered on a 45-minute plan that is less than $ 8/month . -LRB- No free long distance . -RRB- This has been a great phone to have available for occational use , but the battery was no longer holding a charge . This new battery improved all aspects of performance that had been gradually deteriorating .
 Great value , good battery in OEM condition with perfect fit and color match to the original hone battery .
 product as advertised . No frills but works !! Has n't broken yet , whereas the Verizon version that costs 20 times more than this one , was lasting me about two months before it would break .
 I ordered a simple item , a cell-phone belt-clip . It arrived quickly , I 'm using it and I 'm happy with it . Simple !
 Good holster , not too cheap and has lasted for a month so far which is better than the first holster I got off Amazon . This is not as good as the Cellet but for the price is an all around good value .
 The charger works well and was easy to order
 My old swivel Holster broke after 2 years of use . I looked high and low in stores for a replacement that would work with my blackberry . Not all holsters will put the blackberry to sleep when you holster it . Thanks to Amazon.com I found this one and it works well . The onle thing that the metal name bracket -LRB- Blackberry -RRB- fell off of it , still does not look bad but works as it should . I would buy another one if this one wears out in two years .
 My company has provided a Nokia 6030 for several years . This holster is ideal for three reasons . Well , okay , FOUR if you include the fact that it fits perfectly . It holds it securely regardless of the activity I 'm engaged in . It does n't break the first time I squeeze into a tight place . And the magnetic flap allows for an easy one-handed quick draw while holding on to , say , a ladder with the other hand . It 's perfect for my needs .
 Great product this price ! I used it for more than 1 year before it broke . I would blame the belt I wore rather than the product . Just ordered another one . Worth the price .
 I ordered this case for my blackberry Pearl . I LOVE IT ! It was so easy , and very inexpensive . I love amazon
 It kept my Motorola Krave out of my pocket where it could n't be scratched by stray change and/or tools . The leather was supple and the felt-like lining protected the clear screen.And then one day , I struck my hip against a handrail and the clip broke off . : -LSB-
 This is exactly as it was advertised and just like the original . Thanks for the fast delivery and great price .
 The holster is exactly as advertised . Does the job . Wish you could take off the clip . Was delivered on time and in perfect condition .
 For the price RadioShack wanted to charge me for an adapter , I got this , an automobile adapter and an AC adapter for my BlackBerry Pearl 8100 , and a couple of other odds and ends from Amazon . Not to mention , everything is official BlackBerry branded.The holster worked great , and the BlackBerry somehow knows when it is in there and shuts off the screen and changes ringtones if they are set to do so . I set them to be louder so I can still hear them when the phone is stuffed away.The only problem I had with it is I kept catching on things when I sit down or walk by . Eventually , the plastic belt clip broke off . There is a pin that holds the two pieces together , and the rings that hold it together eventually gave in and snapped . I would definitely buy another one of the same , and try to be more mindful of it , but I 'll be upgrading my phone soon .
 This phone holder is wonderful.It swivels allowing the phone to be out of the way . It is easy to wear on your belt and the length of the phone follows your beltline.The price is good and delivery was timely .
 Nice and stylish . Automatically switches the phone to vibrate mode while in holster . Only flaw is if you drop the holster with the phone in it , the edges of the handset is still exposed -LRB- my phone suffered a scratch after an accidental drop while in its holster -RRB-
 This is a very nice holster . I do n't normally like holsters , but I 'm actually using this one .
 BlackBerry Lambskin Leather Swivel Holster for BlackBerry 8100 , 8110 , 8120 , 8130 -LRB- Pitch Black -RRB- . Excellent quality holster at an affordable price for any Blackberry Pearl 8100 Series . It offers all the features and style that one could expect and you will not be disappointed .
 I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip . I got three years out of the previous one using both in the office and out on the farm .
 This is the 3rd one I 've owned . They are great . Works with the phone for auto shut-off . good quality .
 I could not believe the price and the quality once I received this case . It was the real thing . I highly recommend it and the price is unbeatable .
 it 's a good deal . It broke the second day I had it . it got caught while sitting down and the swivel piece snapped right off . Kinda Lame .
 The quality is good and the belt clip seems to hold the phone securely . I am happy with it .
 Best OEM for the price ! This is my second one . As usual , the belt clips are not safe from getting in/out of cars . My first one caught and broke.But , I came right back here and ordered another . Quick shipping , even through USPS .
 This case is to replace the original case the Pearl came with . If you have a Pearl you know that after a while the case gets kind of worn , and you go to grab your phone and the phone shoots out of the case and across the floor -LRB- doh ! -RRB- This case is awesome , and has the groove for the trackball , and supports the sleep in holster feature . A must have for anyone wanting to protect their Blackberry Pearl . The magnet closure needs some fiddling with -LRB- make sure you push the phone down or it wo n't secure . -RRB- I highly reccommend .
 This case gives the blackberry a nice snug fit and easy access . The clip is tough and stays put unlike others I have tried . About the only flaw is that the top two corners are n't covered by any of the material . I tried the other case where the phone slips in sideways , but the phone kept falling out and it was bulkier than this one .
 This product is better than the original one . It is a little larger , holds the 8100 better and the clip stays onto one 's belt without slipping off .
 It 's very nicely made with good leather and parts . It looks really nice too.This is just what you need to keep your Blackberry safe and close-to-hand .
 Very pleased with this case . Only compaint is that it does not provide enough space for a blackberry pearl with the rubber skin on . I like to have the protective skin on the phone for protection while outside the case . It fits , but it 's tight . I have also had the the case with the phone come off my belt , but then again I am rough on phones and cases .
 Ca n't say anything bad about this holster . It swivels around so it does n't jab your side if you 're sitting down . The top latch locks into place effortlessly . Great product for the price .
 Really good material , fits perfect on my Blackberry , I love it , use it every day .
 Works great , low profile , clips on belt & straps and it swivels . I have had one for 2 years and it has been incredibly durable . When my wife also got a Pearl we ordered her another one and it has been flawless .
 This case definitely helped save battery life on my Pearl . But the plastic swivel broke after getting caught in a chair handle .
 I recently bought this case for my mother , and she loves it . It saves her battery life , as well as locks her keys , preventing accidently dialing . Before , she would keep her phone in her pocket or purse , and she would have outgoing calls to a number of people from just buttons getting pushed when the phone moved . This case put a stop to that . The case is very attractive , as well , and goes with whatever you 're wearing . The leather is soft , but it still keeps your phone safe . I would definitely recommend this case to anyone with a Pearl .
 This case is well-made , with quality leather and an integrated auto-off magnet . The only issue I 've had is when hopping in / out of cars , I 've caught the holster on the steering wheel or seatbelt , resulting in some almost-break-it-off moments .
 This beltclip holster is great . My husband uses it and truely loves it . The magnetic closure is very strong . It holds the phone in well , however it is not too strong that you have difficulty removing your phone . The quality of the leather is great . Overall , I recomend this holster . A great buy for the money !!!
 They replaced a holster that broke right after I opened it . They would have gotten a 5 star and raving reviews but it took much longer than it should have .
 I have always liked the Blackberry Phone and in my recent visit to the US , i got one from T-Mobile , obviously without the carrying case . I tried looking for it and eventually found it on Amazon.Great stuff !
 Everything offered , was commited . The only - non explained - trouble is the holder . Too much bigger for fat people like me .
 We bought two from Amazon . Unfortunately , instead of shipping the Pitch Black holster , they shipped us two ugly beige holsters that looked like an old lady 's cigarette case . The black case looks much better - it 's slim and classy.Once you get the right holster , you 'll find that the magnetic closure is easy to use , even one-handed , and it 's well made . The magnet also activates the in-holster/out of holster switch on the Blackberry , which controls the ringer settings as well as powers off the LCD when it 's put away -LRB- saving your battery -RRB- .
 I really like this holster . It has a nice look and feel to it . I especially like the fact that it automatically shuts down the display on the Pearl whenever you slide it in to the holster . It really does help to preserve battery life . A real bargain !
 Its a great product as a blackberry pearl accessory . Holds the phone in place and the holster is made of good quality leather . easy to carry and no problems
 This protects your Blackberry Pearl and keeps it readily available on your belt . Especially like the magnetic latch for the strap and the belt clip fastens it securely .
 I was concerned the holder would not be a blackberry product , but it 's the real thing . My first holder broke when I was getting in the car . You have to be careful that the device is parallel to the ground , or , you get to buy another .
 Great item . do not buy the cheepies or the knock off . Very well made . Holds my pearl just right .
 I purchased this product for my son and it 's proved to be a great value . These BB magnet cases tend to be $ 25 - $ 30 at retail outlets and it was much less at Amazon . The quality is great and he simply loves it !
 I was surprised , it was inexpensive -LRB- approx $ 7 -RRB- and constructed well . Definitely a bargain . It looks great . I priced this item at diferent shops in the area and could n't have gotten a better deal . It will keep my Blackberry safe from being knocked around and dropping it .
 This is the LG vehicle car charger . It looks to be an original factory item as it has `` LG '' stamped on it . It works perfectly with my LG CU500 phone . The power charger is a tight fit in the cigarette lighter/power slot in my car , but it works fine once I squeeze it in there . Unfortunately , the fuse is not replaceable if it burns out because the charger does n't have a screw top . So , once the fuse goes its time to get another charger . At least this vendor had a great price compared to what you will pay if you order it directly from LG or go to a store/kiosk at the mall .
 Great phone , nice and slim does just about everything . Only two drawbacks are not very loud ring or music playback and takes pics but no videos .
 I have been in the market for a Bluetooth headset for quite some time now , and have been looking into different devices for years . I came across this one and decided to give it a test run . I have had it for several months now , and have not had a single issue with it . It charges quickly and fully , looks sleek , and is really high quality . It is very durable , the mic and speaker are better than my actual handset -LRB- those I have spoken to with it usually ask me if I got a new phone because it sounds really clear -RRB- , and I got about a 50 foot range through different floors of my house -LRB- this came as an awesome surprise ! -RRB- . Now they have super tiny bluetooth devices so as far as size , this one is a little on the bigger side , but it is still a great product , and I would recommend it.The ONLY complaint is that after having it on for about 4 or so hours , my ear starts to hurt in one spot ... this goes away in about 15 minutes however if the headset is removed , but if you switch ears every once in a while , the issue is removed altogether.Also , it comes with 3 different sized ear pieces , so you can pick which one actually fits you the best , I thought that that was a great feature and was actually the little bit extra that this headset gave that convinced me to purchase it over several others -RRB- .
 Improved audio and quality over previous models . Battery life is exceptional and performs as advertised . The ear hooks make a better fit and add comfort . The raised speaker helps u hear alot better . Depending on the volume ur phone or computer transmits , volume may not be a prob . When ever possible pair this with a BT 2.0 , my LG chocolate is a BT 1.1 , my pda a BT 1.2 , and PC with BT 2.0 + EDR . The sound quality is way better . 1 small annoyance exists . Sometimes when pairing a motorola headset to my LG Choc II phone and other BT 1.1 phones , u might get a connection that has static and kinda cuts on and off . The solution is simple after many experiments . Delete the pairing and re - pair your BT headset , it forces a change in the communication channel to a clear one . Too many people use the 2.4 Ghz range , Wireless internet , cordless phones , BT devices , COmputer CPUs . Used with skype , works flawlessly with xcellent range on a BT2 .0 + EDR Class2 PC dongle . LAstly always when ever possible take advantage of the BT 2.0 capability . Better range , quality , error correction , and speed .
 Overall , this is a great earpiece . It took a little longer to connect with the Raz ' r than the Motorola H700 , but other then that , it 's great . It lost points because even with 3 different size brackets , it still did n't fit my wife 's ear properly !
 This is my first bluetooth headset , so I do n't have anything to compare it to.It works well , is very clear , and as far as I can tell , it is great . I ca n't imagine that the other bluetooth headsets on the market are any better then this.My only complaint is that it hurts my ear after extended wear . I 'm trying each of the supplied ear hooks to see which is the most comfortable . Do n't use this complaint as a reason not to buy this headset , since everyones ears are different , and hanging a hunk of plastic off your ear is n't going to be too comfortable no matter which model or brand you buy .
 The Motorola H670 is one of the best bluetooth headsets i 've ever used . It 's has a very nice design and comfort . Highly recommend it and seller was great .
 This is my second one of these Motorola bluetooth 's . The quality is fantastic and the price is afforadable . I would highly recomend this product .
 I am very happy with my new Motorola H670 Bluetooth Headset . It was shipped very quickly in a bubble wrap envelope . My initial concern was that the bubble envelope may have been squished during shipping , but this was n't the case . Everything in the envelope -LRB- headset , charger , paperwork , extra ear loops -RRB- was fine and I am very happy with my purchase . I would definitely purchase from this seller again .
 very satisfied . received it on time with no issues . would buy from this person again . Hope this helps others with their decision to buy from them .
 This thing alternates socket time with my ipod transmitter , I 'm not sure how I would live without it ! It charges in about 2/3 the time my wall charger takes which is amazing for a $ 3 item . It 's long enough to drive and talk on it , it hasnt wiggled the charging inlet loose yet and it does a great job charging . This is a definite buy !
 It does what it 's supposed to do so I guess that merits 5 stars . It 's cheap too so that 's a plus .
 I lost my orginal charger and ordered this one as a replacement , the charger works great and I received it a few days early
 Very small , works great , very good alternative to manufacturer 's $ 40 charger . I lost my cell phone charger in a hotel , and Sanyo 's official one was $ 40 . I got this for $ 2.50 at Amazon and have n't lookd back since . Shipping was speedy . The charger works great . I love America .
 Nothing wonderful about it , but it is only a phone charger ... does what it was designed to do ... have had no problems with the quality , and it charges great .
 this product came within the timeframe and is of good quality . I use it everywhere and it works like a champ .
 Does n't seem as well-built as the actual Treo charger , but I have two and they both work flawlessly .
 The charger works , but it feels a bit flimsy . The part that plugs into the phone feels like it just barely fits and I ca n't plug it in if it is dark . It certainly is not the same quality that came with the phone , but for this price , it gets the job done fine .
 Very nice product for the money does exactly what it 's supposed to do . Would recommend this product to a friend .
 It 's a good charger but the connector is fragile . It broke in my backpack in the first week .
 Works great . Fantastic price and the company kept me informed as to my order status every step of the way .
 Right out of the box and into the car plug , it worked excellently , keeping my Palm TX balanced and recharged while using it . It works as advertised and recharges well , definitely an excellent product , bought it around 6 months ago and it is still keeping my Palm TX recharged well on the road today . It is Plug and Play , no fiddling with it necessary .
 I just got this charger yesterday and it feels really nice . It feels solid and professionally made , not some cheap `` import special '' . I like the blue LED light instead of the typical red dot.Also , the cord is long enough to talk and charge at the same time and at the same time the coil keeps it out of the way when you have the phone down just charging.The IC chip is important so that you do n't overcharge your phone battery and shorten it 's life.I would buy again . Great price for a quality charger .
 I 've used it with my iGo in the car to charge my AT&T 8525 phone and my bluetooth headset . I have no complaints about how it functions . I guess it 's a simple adapter and it does what it suppose to do . However , I think they could trim it in size and make it less bulkier .
 This is a great tip for mini USB devices , similar to the A32 . It works on more than phones . I charge a garmin forerunner 301 and it works great . If you have a mini USB connected devices and an igo charger , this is an excellent way to charge that device.Technical differences from A32 : I believe the A53 is rated at 5.2 Volts and 1.2 Amps and the A32 is 5.0 volts .9 Amps . You can buy either one if you are using the standard wall -LRB- or computer connection -RRB- because the wall charger only spits out 5 volts and .75 amps ... so they will function identically . If you use a different charger -LRB- maybe the wallmax ? -RRB- it may output higher amperage and allow your device to use the 1.2 amps
 The iGo A53 works perfectly and as intended . It charges a plethora of items with this head , and I will be sure to keep my iGo for a much longer period of time now that I have this .
 I have owned iGo for several years . I am exstremly happy with the product . I purchased a new phone and only had to change the tip for $ 10 instead of a complete charger for $ 40 . It is much more heavy duty than most charger . aab
 I had one of these for over two years and it worked perfectly . It got bent too far one time too many and came apart . Ordered a replacement and so far it 's working great . You have to make sure you have the right model for your device or it wo n't work right .
 If you 're not using the iGo products , then you are missing out and carrying way too much in your car or briefcase . These tips and the main power cord work in cars , offices , homes , hotels - where ever you go . They save time and work just as well as the chargers that come with the product initially . Where I go - I iGo .
 Nice case , works well and looks good . Arrived a few days later than anticipated . Good price . Not using belt clip , because it sticks out too much . But intended to use without clip when purcased .
 Case works great , love the swivel clip & snap to secure phone , lets one carry phone horizontally for quick access . Very durable so far . Great product -- great value !!
 this is a mobile computer but not much of a phone but you can do wonders with it specially with the two slots for extra memory
 Believe it !! You get both these items for an amazing price . I do n't know how they do it .
 this cost chump change and is very bit as good as the ones sold by the brand name manufacturer ! and it got here in NO TIME ! a real deal !
 I got these for Christmas and have been using them quite a bit with both my laptop and Windows Mobile smartphone and it handles switching between the two devices with 0 issue . My biggest gripe is the lower volume -LRB- and therefore lower bass -RRB- available with these earbuds when compared to their wired equivalent model , but they 're excellent at dampening out the sounds around you.The cord can become a pain at times if I do n't have a good place to clip them to while I 'm biking but is overcome easily enough . They 'd be perfect with more volume and a few inches more slack on the cord .
 I purchased 3 different types of cases for my new iPhone 4 ... I ended up selecting the Black MiVizu 2-piece case , as it appears to be `` protective '' than the other two , which one happens to be this BoxWave Stealth Fiber iPhone 4 Case -LRB- Jet Black -RRB- . One of my friends -LRB- mentioned in another review -RRB- had a LG Touch VX11000 Verizon cell , with a screen that went DOA , on one of her busiest days , so she just purchased a new iPhone 4 ... and I gave her this Fiber case . First of all , this is dead simple to attach to the cell as it is a low-profile , one-piece case , that just snapsinto place very easily . Tip - Open the sides very carefully , then snap one side first , then the other , and check around ALL the edges to make sure it is completely ` seated ' . Pro 's - Good points about it * BoxWave - I 'm a Big Fan ! * ultra low profile case , with a nice textured ` feel ' and finish . * simple to attach * constructed out of hard plastic - protects from scratches and bumps . * features cutouts for all buttons and controls . * you wo n't ever have to take it off and it is as if it is just part of the phone.Con 's - Needs Improvement or re-design * This type of case is for those that really , really take care of their ` stuff ' , as I do n't think that this case would protect the phone accidentally hitting concrete or tile or black top . * I would like to see a 2-piece `` version '' , like the MiVizu * Lower price point
 I have the original V3 Razr , and although this is nicer in many ways - I miss the flipstyle that protected the screen . Its also very small and easily lost , I 've lost and recovered mine a couple of times already . The 100 song limit on iTunes is fine for people like me , who mainly want to use it for audiobooks . There is no arbitrary size limit for mp3 files , so put big files -LRB- albums -RRB- on instead of individual songs ! The built-in speakerphone works great !
 I was having so much trouble tapping on my new Kindle Fire until I ordered the BoxWave Stylus . I 've really picked up speed in my tapping now , and seldom make an error . I wish it had a clip on the end and a hole in the zipper tip of my cover so I could attach it there . It 's nice that it attaches into the headset port , but then you ca n't use that port for listening when you 're not using it for tapping . So , there 's nowhere to put it . I 'd say for the price , it was a real deal and is pretty sharp looking , too . I would purchase again if needed .
 Well worth the $ 10.00 . Makes using my Kindle Fire even easier ! The Fire is also an excellent buy . Remember it is not an I pad ! For the price nothing better out there than the Kindle Fire . It is also just out so do n't believe some of the tech guru 's slamming it for stupid reasons . I am quite sure Amazon will address all software issues ASAP . Microsoft still sends a zillion updates monthly !
 It 's a pretty blue piece of metal with a rubber tip , it was less than half the price of one my husband got at Best Buy . It works well .
 I received the stylus sooner than expected and am pleased with the quality . The stylus helps when trying to be more precise than using my fingertip . I love the blue color and would purchase again .
 This helps to keep the fingerprints off my kindle . Definitely a must if you have a Kindle . And getting a choice of colors to match my case was great !
 This is a very comfortable stylus . Love the color and the way it interfaces with the screen ... a very stylish stylus !
 Despite my tiny fingers -LRB- or so I 've been told I have -RRB- , I was always tapping the wrong keys on my smartphone and Kindle Fire . This little stylus was the perfect solution to tapping errors AND reducing smudges on both devices . It fits perfectly in the binder of my Fire 's case and matches the case color ! This stylus was well-worth the $ 10 .
 Ordered this because of the difficulty of typing and playing games on a small touch screen with arthritic fingers . Happy to say this really improves things a lot . Will probably order more in future . My husband wants one for his cellphone too .
 As a senior citizen , I find using the capacitive stylus perfect for navigating around on my Kindle Paperwhite ereader . Saves having to fumble around with my fingers on the screen and keeps the screen free of fingerprints . Would highly recommend for anyone who would prefer using a device rather than their fingers on their Kindle screens .
 This is a great product ... . sure beats using your fingers ! . I use this every day . andf when your not charging your Kindle Fire you can plug it so you never lose it ! awsome product !
 My wife uses it all the time . She likes it very much and helps hitting the keys she wants the first time .
 I have not used a stylus before with my iPad . I found the Boxwave to be very functionaland the price was cost effective.Will have to see how it works after I have more experience with it .
 I originally purchased for the Kindle but it works great on the Motorola Droids . We love it for our Kindle , it is not cumbersome to use , very light weight and I will purchase more as gifts
 Yes , this stylus works great and looks great the blue is modern in look but it 's small never owning a tablet -LRB- Kindle Fire -RRB- I do n't know if thats just the way they are there or if there are longer ones out there.I do most of my shopping on amazon and I will look at one the next time I 'm out.Bought it used on the Amazon Marketplace and it was new in the box so for exceding my expectaions it 's a 5 star great deal
 Works great and looks great . My 2 year-old daughter has no problems using it either . I like blue so that is why I picked this one . Have been using it daily for a couple months and have not had any problems .
 I have a hard time with touch screens , they just do n't respond well to my touch . This stylus works well , it has a soft tip that is really nice . I debated whether to get this one or the cheaper 3 pack . I like blue so decided I could pay a little more for this pretty blue stylus . It was quite a shocker that the postage more than doubled the price of the stylus . It should cost about $ 2 . If I had it to do again I would buy the less expensive 3 pack . The price and postage is way too much for this stylus .
 Kinda hard to mess up a stylus , I 'd imagine ! The felt end works well even with a screen protector on my Fire ! Nice to get the deal with the matching case -LRB- which is a nice case as well -RRB- ! I wish I knew how to draw so I could use the stylus more , but oh well !
 Sure beats using your finger to work around the screen especially a man with larger fingers . It 's a great item . Would recommend this item .
 I really like this stylus . . bought a small one but fell apart in a day ... this one is great size and easy to put into case with tablet ...
 Box Wave Stylus using it on the Kindle Fire HD 7 this item works great and would not like to be without it .
 The stylus actually matches my kindle cover and is lightweight and easy to use . No more messy fingerprints on the display screen .
 This stylus is pretty good . It started working perfectly . Sometimes it thinks I am tapping when I want to drag . That started after a couple of weeks .
 LOVE this little stylus . Quality is good , a medium weight pen with an attachment so you can attach it to your Kindle . Liked it so well that I bought three more for Christmas gifts for the grandkids and my son !
 Works great & it 's very light ! Got a new Kindle HD 8.9 for Christmas so I had to have a stylus & this one caught my eye & I 'm glad it did !
 This stylus has held up better than previous styluses that I have purchased . It is very comfortable and easy to use .
 And so do my girlfriends to whom I gave for Christmas . Very accurate and keeps touchscreens fingerprint free . Good price too !
 it works very nice in every touch screen , and it helps you to work more faster . I recommended if you dont want to your screen dirty .
 Granddaughters like this tool . I purchased this to use when my hands are bothering me , and it works well for that too . I noticed every once in a while it ` disappears ' and Grandpa is using as well .
 Good product . Wished it had a bit longer cord . Actually this is my first stylus , so not much to compare it to .
 I have no clue why I agonized over purchasing a stylus for my Kindle Fire when BoxWave had this all along ! Good if you have hands a bit on the large side -LRB- I do -RRB- and glides smoothly over the surface of my Fire . A great price combined with Amazon 's super fast shipping and you have a winner all the way around !
 Do n't press wrong letters on Kindle games anymore . Cord could have been a little longer so could rest along side of Kindle while plugged in .
 This works great with my new kindle fire HD ! I LOVE the color blue and that 's why I bought it . I 've had no problems with it except for trying to keep it away from my hubby ! He likes the color blue too ... . So he keeps trying to steal mine ! I guess he 's gon na get one in his stocking this year ! : o -RRB-
 I love this for the addition of the jack in way to attach to the kindle , no complaints , good material
 Great Gift . My friends fingers are too big for the touch screen and the cord fits into the Aux hole on the machine ,
 Nice product with good quality leather .3 things I find a bit of a shame :1 . The cover blocks sligthly the hole for charging the phone so you have to be a bit careful when plugging it in .2 . The insert in the back of the cover to fix the clip can not be removed -LRB- I do not use the clip -RRB- , but its not to big so this is a very ninor issue for me .3 . The top front corners of the phone are not protected and are therefore exposed during a fall , this is my only real regret with this product.Overall a good product and much better than the plastic soft cover that I also have .
 I should have purchased this years ago . This is a great accessory and is built VERY well .
 I miss the days when you could buy a charging cradle for cell phones so was very pleased to find this one for my new blackberry . It 's a cadillac of cradles with the abilty to charge a spare battery and , if you have one , a blackberry headset . Instead of simply being a holder where you still have to plug in a cord into the phone , it charges the phone through connection points on the side of the blackberry so its not a hassle to place into the charger . Too , the angle is great so that you can see the display easily . A bit on the pricey side , but worth it in my book . Only down side is that the blackberry just fits in the cradle , so you ca n't have a jell case or anything on it or it wo n't fit . Not a huge issue in my book , I use a holster type carrying case anyway . Highly recommend for those who want a versatile cradle to charge their blackberry .
 My Verzon supplied holster had broken and the replacment from them was $ 24 . So for $ 5 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- I bought this.It is good quality and very servicable . It holds the phone face in , protecting the glass and seems to hold the phone securely.The only thing I liked better about the orginal clip is that it had edges that covered the buttons on the side of the Razr . With the new clip I have -LRB- several times -RRB- managed to inadvertently put the phone on silent due to the buttons being exposed.I would buy this again and for the price difference it is well worth it .
 I had an old V3 holder that I loved but it broke and I could n't find a replacement . I thought this was the same design , it was but with a sleaker look . I love it !
 I could n't have chosen a better phone ! It is so convenient to have my email sent directly to me & no matter where I am , I can reply ! I love how the key pad is set up like a regular computer keyboard . & the security options are wonderful ! I would definately buy this phone again!Ashley Jenkins
 works perfect ... better price would be good . this tip is also available in other numbers . one of which i already had . IGO needs to show all tip #S available for a certain product .
 I 'm happy with the igo auto charger and this tip that fits my cell phone . Delivery was fast , product was packed well , and it works perfectly .
 After owning a motorola t720 , i do n't think I 'll ever buy anything else with the motorola name . It had horrible battery life and it was completely full of glitches . This phone is a huge upgrade and the swivel design has caught on since other companies are now making phones that look exactly like this Kyocera -LRB- like the Sony Ericcson swivel . -RRB- Here are the pros and consPros : Good battery life -LRB- Make sure you have a screensaver activated -RRB- Great menusHuge ScreenAbility to answer and make calls while phone is closedYou do n't have to swivel it open to answer!Voice dialingspeakerphoneGood price if you buy with serviceCons :1.2 megapixel Camera not as good as some of the newer phonesI wish it could swivel in both directionsI 've had it for a year and I have n't got any scratches on the screen and no dust inside the screen like my old motorola , and I 've dropped it 3 times .
 I love the kx2 . It 's the best mobile phone I 've ever had . I live in a rural area and it gets great reception . It has great features also and it 's sturdy . I have dropped mine a few times and it still works fine plus the screen does n't show any scratches . I only wish it had bluetooth and was v-cast capable . If you want to extend battery life you can turn on power saver you can still see the screen fine in power saver mode .
 All in all this phone does the job.Downside , not bluetooth enabled & picture quality is only slightly better then a pre 90 's cheap camera.I use this in construction and have dropped it twice in concrete , once on 3 ' of water and to many times to count on the ground.Never any problems -LRB- even in the water just turned off , dryed out and good as new -RRB- . If not for the camera and bluetooth features it would easy be 5 stars .
 I 've used this phone for over a year and love it . Easy to use . I 've had Kyoceras before -LRB- candybar / stick style -RRB- and all the screens went bad . This ones going great . Only con has been problems finding real music type ringtones and not the midi style . I was worried about the pivot style hinge when I got it but it has n't had any problems nor has it loosened with use.I use the extended life battery.Footnote
 This is about the fourth Kyocera phone I have purchased and it has been the best ! I have had `` NO '' problems . The only thing that bothered me when I first got it was the cover that came with it , very inconvenient , but I went to the Kyocera web sight and purchased the swivel cover that fits great on it . So if anyone need the cover go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and get it for about 16 bucks . I agree with everyone on when people use it , it does scare you when they try to pry it open -LRB- smile -RRB- , I scream at them .
 I did a ton of research b4 buying this phone . Only had it a week so still getting familiar with it . But so far it 's great was highly rated on cnet by both editors and users . all features are great . could n't believe only 2 customer comments on amazon so decided to weigh in . people initially put off by the swivel and maybe the size but v light carries well in your pocket . Verizon store told me when it first came out they did n't sell any but now they ca n't keep in stock . People discovering it . Only prob is short battery life may be I have a faulty battery will check this out . Seems to be a common complaint with lots of phones .
 This phone is cool . The only downside to it is that when its open -LRB- it swivels open by the way -RRB- its kind of big . Otherwise its great . The camera takes very good pics and it has a flash . It also has a 15 second video recorder . The sound is great too . Its got a whole bunch of cool features . Everyone I know wants my phone now .
 I got this phone as soon as it came out in the Cellular South store . It swivels open -- which makes it stand out against all those flip phones . It has a lot of battery life , great voice activated programs , and amazing graphics . Not to mention that it 's a camera and a video recorder . -LRB- You can even take photos when the camera is swiveled shut ! -RRB- Everyone loves my phone , and so do I !
 I love all the features and the style just cuz its not like the flips that everyone has ... i dnt like the camera quality , its bad , and when i bougt the phone i was lookin forward to customizin with ringtones of the inernet -LRB- not the verizon get it now ringtones -RRB- but when i sent myself the ringtones the phone just shut off and restarted itself ... i was kinda dissapointed that i couldnt get mp3/midi ringtones so u need to get the data cable for which is about 50 $ . The swivel is sturdy and the phone is built good and u can actually pull the screen up like a flip , just a little bit though cuz it does that anyway when u swivel it ... so overall i like the phone , good features , good style and design , good reception , good battery life , i would tell people to buy it .
 I 've had this phone since July 2000 . It has all the basics , but by today 's standards it is large . It is n't that heavy . I carry it in the sunglass pouch on my purse.I 've dropped the phone countless times , and it still works . All the new phones seem to wear out in a year or two . As long as you do n't want color , pictures , and instant messaging , it is a great phone .
 I have been using the T610 for 3 days now . I must say that I am very impressed with this unit . Firstly , if feels quite substantial for being such a small and light phone . It fits very nicely in my palm and does not feel the least bit flimsy . Also , the user interface is top-notch -- extremely intuitive and well thought out . I did n't even have to open the manual before I dove in and started plucking away at all its cool features . The screen is bright and the colors are very rich for a cell phone . The last phone I had was a Samsung S105 and the screen on the T610 beats the Samsung 's by a long shot -LRB- and I thought that was awesome when I first got it . Ah , Progress ... -RRB- . The camera is fine , though it was n't really a selling point for me . I 'm a photographer and have a digicam not much bigger than this with a flash and 3MP res . It is fun to take a picture and immediately e-mail to your friend , though.The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because of two major gripes I have with the unit . One is that the battery , while very small and light , unfortunately dies very quickly . I blew through a full battery in less than 2 days -LRB- as compared to 3-4 days with my old S105 -RRB- . Also , the signal strength is very weak in my neighborhood and it picks up much less service than I used to get . In places where I had 3 bars on the S105 , I had none on the T610 . I 'm not sure if it has to do with the lack of an external antenna , but it could certainly use improvement in the signal pick-up area.Overall , the T610 is a really great phone and I do not regret getting it . I would also like to add that the Bluetooth wireless headset that comes with it is pretty cool , but I do n't get close to 30ft of range , even in a room with nothing in the way but air . Thanks.P.S . Just a quick little note
 Have 3 of these phones on my Family plan ... with light useage -LRB- 1 hour of talk and few messages per day -RRB- the phone needs charging every other day . The cameras picture quality is ok for phone to phone messaging but is n't suitable for viewing on a pc or for printing . Signal quality is good and the phone was able to maintain a constant connection for well over an hour to t-mobiles customer service and wireless data groups technical support . Works adequately with the Jabra Bluetooth headset . Voice commands work great in quiet rooms but its hit and miss when noise levels rise ... and if your car window is open while on the road forget it . .
 This phone has worked great for me . I have been using it for over 10 months now and have had no major problems.The only issue I faced was that once the phone got locked and refused to do anything so I had to reset it . And another thing that I didnt like was the ease with which it got scratched.Other thn tht its been a great reliable phone .
 Update to the review below
 Besides this phone being small , but not too small , and having all the features I look for in a cell phone , it had even more than I was hoping for . This is the first cell phone I 've owned that has been Bluetooth enabled and because of this I can send pictures and text messages , even phone numbers from my address book to my PDA . It 's really convenient . I would not only recommend this phone , but any phone that is Bluetooth enabled .
 I bought two phones at the same time , one T610 for myself and one Samsung E105 for my wife . To be honest my wife 's Samsung consistently has better signal than my T610 . The Samsung 's signal is also more stable while the T610 jumps from 1 to 3 bars and then falls back within seconds . Samsung definitely does a better job here.However , as one of my friends who also has a T610 said , once you can call and be called , 1 and 5 bars do n't make a lot difference . Think of this - $ 125 phone . You got bluetooth , IR , camera and a cute look , besides it does its basic job fairly well as a phone . I tried in areas in Southern California such as Long Beach where people complained about bad signals . No problem , I got 5 bars there . So if you do n't want to spend a fortune on a cell phone and will probably go after a fancier model one year later , T610 is a very good choice.So my bottom line is , if you like to have a phone to call people AND have fun with it , get this phone ; if you just need a good phone , E105 is probably a better choice .
 This phone is absolutely amazing , and if you do n't agree you 're a damned fool.Pros - Coolest looking phone out there . Rectangular and sleek , it 's incredibly stylish . It 's also so light that you can not feel it , and when in your pocket , nobody can see it . - The built-in camera takes pretty awesome pictures . If you do n't believe me , look at the website for the phone and check out the pictures . Pretty cool . - The keypad/joystick is easy to navigate , and the largely graphical interface is so easy a 3 year old could understand it.Cons - It is n't going to be a con for everyone , but it smudges easily , and I wipe it often with the Sony Ericsson cloth that I was provided with when I bought the phone.If you want the sleekest looking phone with WAP , Bluetooth , Infrared capabilities and takes cool picutres all on a large color screen , the T610 is the phone for you
 I do n't think there 's deliberate deception , but Amazon 's promotion is wrong . There is no speakerphone on the T610 or T616 . I emailed customer service , but have not received a response . A few days after my email the error remains on the product web page.The phone was for my husband , who wears hearing aids and uses a speaker to make phone calls , so this one has to go back.It 's otherwise a good product , we think .
 This is a great phone ; tons of functionality , a beautiful screen , good reception , long battery life . Very user-friendly and adjustable to your personal use preferences . Camera quality not so good , but what do you expect from a TINY phone that you can carry with you anywhere ! I love it !
 The T610 is a great phone overall - the free bluetooth headset works nicely , the infra-red connectivity and software provided on CD works flawlessly to transfer all Outlook contacts to the phone and the menus and features on the phone are all as advertised . Note
 Often times you 'll se on this board and others 5 stars or something similar given to just about everything . This really is not how a ratings system helps anyone make an informed choice . Instead reserve that 5th start for something groundbreaking or revolutionary , but a standard cell phone does not merit this.Having said that , with the Sony Ericsson T610 is an excellent 4 star phone and has nearly every feature you could need , in a standard cell phone.One feature of great importance is Bluetooth . -LRB- While the T610 currently uses version 1.1 , I think it is important to take some time with this feature . -RRB- This technology , now with version 1.2 , is a great breakthrough . With it , you can sync messages , send contacts , copy entire phonebooks , send encrypted files and more from a distance of about 330 feet -LRB- + or - 15 feet -RRB- . While this is now just available , it is important to embrace the technology and understand how to use it . It will be more important in our short term future.The T610 implements Bluetooth very well and is extremely easy to configure . I bought a Bluetooth headset for this phone which works perfectly , as well . -LRB- It was 28 dollars at ecost.com -RRB- But let 's move on to some other topics.The other features that it has shine as well : The call reception is superb ; I have not dropped a call.The clarity is excellent.The keys are some what small ; this could be good or bad depending upon your dexterity.IMPORTANT
 I 'm fascinated with the phone , it 's better than I thought . . The camera quality is not so good , but it exists and that 's fine for me : -RRB- The battery is powerful ! I 've charged my phone 3 days ago and the battery indicator is near 35 % ! -LRB- And I use it ALL the time ! -RRB- I 've experienced some lockups but I 've found in internet that it fixes with a firmware update , so if you have this problem , go to a sony ericsson service and ask for a firmware update . .
 I have had this phone since January and have used it an average of 1200 minutes per month . I have been very pleased with it other than it does not have as good of reception as my Motorola V300 . Battery life is good-I only charge it every other day . I have not had any problems with it freezing up . The pictures are good considering it is a phone . I 've had several people facinated by all the things it can do and it 's small size.I would rate T-Mobile 0 stars , however . I have had a problem on my bill every month since I started with them . Their customer service people are extremely nice when I call and fix the current problem , but the next month there is something else wrong . I am counting the months until my contract is up so that I can change providers . The cool phone is not worth the hassle .
 I have been using this phone for four months . I am still monkeying around with T610 . Here are the Pros and Cons I found so far ... Pros : -RRB- 1 . As Every body says it . . Great Display .2 . Very Compact ... fits a mid size hand perfectly well ! 3 . Ring tones are much better than those provided by Samsung et al ! 4 . I do n't feel there is any problem with Navigation with menu as described by other users .5 . The battery life is also good -LRB- close to 4hrs of talking time -RRB- 6 . Finally ... U have a music DJ ... hmmm ... May interest some ppl!I dropped my phone on a hard floor . . happy that it still functions properly ... -LRB- except for a few scratches :--LRB- -RRB- rugged uh!now to the Cons : -LRB- 1 . The volume control does n't work when you are in the main menu -LRB- the initial display screen -RRB- . It gives the profile of the phone instead -LRB- some times irritating -RRB- .2 . Ca n't control the brightness . Some time too bright in the dark .3 . No Speaker PhoneOther than these I am not able to find any negatives points for this piece.If ppl say that camera/pics are not of good qlty . . well go and buy yourself a digital camera and start shooting pics . This is just an added feature.Warning
 Let me get right to the point ... I really like this phone.PROS
 I was very hesitant in getting this phone because of the horror stories I have heard about T-Mobile 's service and coverage area . Being a Sprint customer for years , I love the quality of CDMA phones but crave all the flashy features that GSM phones offer at rock bottom prices.I purchased the phone locally at a T-Mobile store and they charged me only the tax -LRB- $ 32.00 -RRB- for the phone and offered me a $ 100.00 refund from T-Mobile . I have yet to receive the refund but the phone would end up costing me - $ 68.00 with only a one year commitment.I was able to use Bluetooth to browse for pictures I have taken with the phone and synchronize my contacts in Outlook via IrDA . I thought I could 've sync via Bluetooth but I guess I was mistaken . Please let me know if you can.The signal strength for T-Mobile is not as strong as Sprint . However , it was n't entirely terrible . I am able to receive and make calls without alot of dropped calls.The phone itself is a beauty . With that many functions , who can ask for anything more . Well , maybe a flash and a zoom feature on the camera . :-RRB- I would recommend this phone to anyone .
 I UNLOCK my phone and upgrade the firmware to the latest SonyEricsson firmware . It fixes a lot of problem , better reception , and menu is faster . Let me know if you want to UNLOCK/UPGRADE your phone -LRB- unlock_sonyericsson@hotmail.com -RRB- . I owned three SE T610 and loving it . This is a REAL worldphone because of the TRI band -LRB- 900,1800,1900 -RRB- . It will works everywhere in the world where GSM is the standard . About the reception , REMEMBER SonyEricsson T610 is using a LIVE meter so its constanly searching and display a TRUE meter not like other phones where they take a snapshot and only update every few minutes . I can still call on my T610 even the meter bar is only showing only 1 . Great phone for the money and the feature !!!
 This product is good . It has features and it is also good looking and elegant.Sure Nokia 3650 has more features than this . This can not take short movies and picture resolution is max 288x352 . But other features are good . It has irDA and Bluetooth . Talk and stand by time are also acceptable .
 I got this phone for - $ 200 about a year ago , so I was willing to forgive a lot of problems . It actually turned out to be a decent phone.Pros :1 . Bluetooth with wireless Jabra headset , syncs up nicely with my Mac . I 'll never go back to using a phone without the wireless headset .2 . Intruitive , computer-like interface3 . Good vibrate function4 . Nice long battery life5 . Works pretty much everywhere these days , including travel abroad . Reception started good and got better after a CSR fiddled with it at the mall .6 . Addictive mini golf game.Cons :1 . When it 's sunny outside , it can be VERY difficult to see the phone . You need to retreat into the shade or try to decipher the glare .2 . Certain functions are buried in menus . If you want to get rid of the envelope from a voice mail , you need to go through 8 menus to get there . I 'm also forgetting the 18 menus you need to set a speed dial , for example .3 . Reception certainly not as good as Verizon , for the most part , but they charge through the nose , too . It 's a trade-off .4 . Quiet ringer . I keep the ringer at maximum , but I still ca n't hear it if I 'm out of the room.Overall , it was a good choice , especially considering they bought me four months worth of service for the year .
 Awsome phone cool graphics . Nice camaraAnd most of all i love that its bluetoothcampatible !!
 I 've had this phone for about 6 months now , and it really works well for me . After reading so many bad reviews , I was a little apprehensive , but went with my first instinct . It turns out to be great - small enough to fit just about anywhere , intuitive and easy to use menu , easy to use camera w / black and white , sepia , and negative options , infrared , and great service from T-Mobile . I generally have little or no problems getting service , except when in museums and such . It has a different scale for service bars , so do n't compare it to Samsungs or Nokias . Also , the vibrate and ring at the same time feature is really very helpful , something I 've found that Samsungs do n't do . It 's never frozen on me and none of the keys have ever gotten stuck . I 've never had any problems with it at all , actually . Maybe I 'm just lucky , or maybe everyone else that had problems with it just got unlucky . Who knows?However , the phone does have a few flaws . First , the camera quality does leave quite a bit to be desired . It 's grainy , flash-less , and zoom-less . But hey , it 's a phone , not a digital camera ! And as long as you are somewhere with enough light , you can get a pretty good picture . Second , it scratches easily . For example , I put it in my jeans pocket to go somewhere and the next time I take it out , it has a new scratch on it . Oh well , better get a case for it ... Also , the memory space on the phone for pictures and ringtones really gets annoying . You can store up to about 30 pictures if you delete all the preloaded ones . Thankfully , the phone has a very good infrared port so you can load your pictures onto your laptop computer and keep clicking ! As for the bluetooth functions , I really do n't bother with them because of the cost of other bluetooth-capable items , but I still get along just fine.All in all , the phone is a very good deal and I 'd recommend it to just about anyone . It is very cute , very compact , and very usable .
 The T610 is relatively small , which personally I love , and it 's loud , which is awesome when you misplace it like I do everything . I adore this phone , but I have two major issues with it . First of all , the camera is not all that great . Unless there is a LOT of light , you wo n't be able to take any good pictures . Second , if it 's really sunny out , you will barely be able to see the screen . It gets annoying sometimes . Otherwise , this phone is pretty useful . The interface is easy to learn , and -LRB- my fave -RRB- the text messaging feature is also useful and convenient -LRB- except for the T9 thing -- you might wan na shut that off real quick -RRB- . I get a very strong signal almost everywhere , except when I 'm surrounded by cornfields in the middle of nowhere -LRB- understandable -RRB- , and the sound quality is very good . If you find a good deal on this phone , take it .
 I bought this phone recently to replace my Nokia 6610 phone . The Bluetooth was the selling point for me . However , the phone gets terrible reception in New York City where I live - I get garbled unintelligible calls where my Nokia -LRB- also T-Mobile -RRB- works fine . As previous reviewers have noted , expect 1-2 bars less reception with this phone.Interestingly the phone also has email capability , which does n't appear to be advertised like it is for other newer phones . I currently have my pager email forwarded to the phone , alowing me to carry one less device .
 I 've used T610 for just 3 months and started getting bored.I feel the features are great , but I 'm dissapointed that I can ` nt transfer the pictures taken by mobile to my PC using cable.I 've contacted the website but was unable to get the required software.It easily gets scratched with my fingertips.The tag to hang , provided is very long and ugly.The musicDJ provide is almost useless.When a tone is created using musicDJ it sounds less than the others.The recorded sound can ` nt be used as ringtone and not even clear.The camera is better than the other brands which come under same category -LRB- cost , features -RRB- . The screen is really big than the other brands.The display is good and I 'm able to use different images as wallpapers.The memory provided is ample and I can store many ringtones and pictures .
 I have owned this phone for over 5 months now , and am pretty happy about this . The reason I got it was because our family decided to get the family plan , and -LSB- some company -RSB- ended up giving us 4 of these phones for free + additional rebates ! Could n't complain about that!In terms of the sleek-ness of this phone
 Let me say that this phone is good . Let me clarify some of the complaints made by many people . . People say reception in this phone sucks . Actually its not true , I am saying this after doing a lot of research . Sony Ericsson measures reception differently ... So 3 bars in sony ericsson might equivalent to 5 bars of nokia or other brand . One great thing about T610 , is that it hardly drops calls . True that at some places , the 610 has only a bar while other phones might have 2-3 bars . But even at 1 bar , the voice quality is absolutely perfect , no distortion and calls dont get dropped even at one bar while other phones do . So if one says that reception of SE is not good just coz it shows less number of bars than other phones , then they are wrong . Also i feel this reception has to do quite a lot to do with the network . I travelled abroad and used this phone in 3 other countries and there wasnt ANY reception problem at all , whatsoever.It 's true that its kinda difficult to see the screen at daylight , but seriously speaking , its not that bad . I mean a person with normal eyesight can see the screen at daylight , though it may be bit hard , its not that bad , and thats no way a reason be negative about the phone.Camera , ya , there are better camera phones in the market . I personally , didnt go for the camera , so that wasnt a problem for me . If you are for the camera , then you can go for other phones.This phone camera , is not bad . . i mean ok.I mean there are worse camera phones in the market too . This camera when compared to all the camera phones , i would mark it as average.Sound quality is superb.I just love it . Some people may say that its difficult to hear . Actually that very much depends on the phone the person uses to speak to you . So dont blame your phone for it.Ya , the ringtone is increasing , but it increases veyr quickly , in the sense , after just a ring or so , its comes to its normal volume , so it is quite unlikely , one would drop calls.Shape looks really cool , elite , small , elegant ... latest technology , bluetooth ... its a really nice phone . I would definately give it a 5 star . Those giving low ratings on this phone , please read this review again and hopefully you 'll understand that the phone is not as bad as you thought .
 I 've had this phone for several months now , and it has incredible battery life , even with running Bluetooth almost constantly both my laptop and the Jabra hands free unit . The unit is also solid , as I can say I have dropped it a couple of times on a hard floor and have had little more than a scuff on the case . I am very impressed with the GSM reception despite the lack of an external antenna . The screen is bright and easy to read and this is a great phone for connectivity with a laptop and to the internet . Audio quality is awesome too . I have no complaint for this phone , and at the price , it really ca n't be beat .
 I have had this phone for about a year . It does NOT drop calls , it does NOT have terrible reception . Every gadget you ever own will give you problems once in a while , that is something it seems like every reviewer on amazon can not understand . I have had all kinds of cell phones -LRB- currently a motorola v600 -RRB- and this one has been as stable or better than any other . The menu is easy enough to use . Text messaging is easy to use . The bluetooth is very easy to use , and I use it ALL the time with my headset . Sound quality is fine , at least as good as I 've ever experienced . I also live in a basement apartment , so for me to get any reception down here -LRB- or any of my friends on any phone with any carrier -RRB- is amazing . If you are looking to save some money , and get a solid phone that does probably everything you need , get this phone . If you are looking for the phone god built , that does everything with no problems ever ... good luck . YAY for this phone !
 This phone is great because of its huge list of features . Data can be sent in so many ways by this phone that it can connect to almost any other device in someway . It has bluetooth , email capability AND infrared . Not to mention text messaging and wireless web . The camera does n't take high quality pictures but for quick snapshots it 's pretty good . The bad things I have found are that it is often difficult to see the display in direct sunlight , and the menus are sometimes slower that I 'd want them to be . Overall though , its inexpensive , has good battery life and is packed with features and I 'd recommend it .
 I 've had the T610 for a month now and the performance of this phone has exceeded my expectations .1 . The high-resolution screen is teriffic ! The 128x160 screen with 65,536 colors makes both images and pictures look accurate . The screen seems to portray images accurately and minimizes color nuances . This is a huge improvement over the Sprint phone I was using before .2 . The battery life is excellent ! I can talk for over 10 hours -LRB- the company says 13 , but I have n't counted -RRB- without a recharge ! I find myself recharging the phone just once a week with normal usage .3 . The camera on the phone works pretty well . The clarity is comparable to most camera phones available from Sprint , although there is no flash . The lack of a flash is made up for by a `` night mode '' setting on the phone . The night mode works OK , although there has to be adequate ambient lighting avaialbe . All in all , as long as the subject is withing a few feet , you can take a fairly clear picture , and the . One detractor is the camera can only hold about pictures before the -LRB- 2Mb -RRB- memory is full .4 . The bluetooth option is nice , if you have a bluetooth capable PDA or laptop . Transferring e-mails , files , pictures , etc. is pretty simple .5 . The speaker on the phone is clear and the ring tones sound better than most phones I 've used .6 . The games on this phone rock . Who can argue with having Q * bert on their phone?Bottomline , this is a great phone for the money -LRB- you can probably get it for $ 100 or less right now -RRB- , and you wo n't be disappointed .
 A great phone with great features . I bought a Bluetooth USB adapter for my computer and now transferring files to and from the phone and synchronizing the contacts is really fast and easy . Its amazingly small and light for all the goodies that it packs . Highly recommended . I only wish that it allowed storage of street addresses along with the telephone numbers .
 dnodelius , FYI :1 . To enter a pause
 The Phone Itself is a great . The Color Screen is fabulous and the service is quite good in NJ/NY . I like the calender and the different organizing tools . The Different themes and modes allow you to modify the way u feel or want to be . Onli disadvantages are the clock screensaver and the camera has no zoom . The camera also gets dirty fast . I suggest u get a cleaner of some sort .
 this is a great phone . good camera , good features , user friendly enough , reliable batt life , great sounds , good enough antenna . problems ? when you upload pictures , the quality diminishes . . nokia 3650 produces better pictures , memory is awfully low . . only a handful of large pictures and that 's it . reasons for buying it
 If you are looking for a really good phone , and do n't care about the bells and the whistles , then I would say this is the phone for you . My cell phone is my life line to my business , so having a long battery life is one of if not the best feature of this phone.The design is fabulous . It is very durable , but a little on the small and light side -LRB- I guess which is a plus -RRB- . I have dropped this so many times , and it still works like I just got it yesterday . The key pad is easy to navigate without looking , as is the menu.It is super easy retreiving missed calls , or calling back missed calls . Phone also offers name announcements , which you pre-record , as well as assigning special ring tones for different callers . Vibrate feature comes in handy ... it vibrates just enough that you can hear it without it disturbing or interfering what is going on around you at the office.The minor faults of this phone if you really care about these features are
 I bailed on At & t for Tmobile and this phone . I work in Burbank Ca and the reception is n't as good as my freebie Nokia was but in the rest of the area it seems ok . What 's up with the hard to find covers ?
 I LOVE this phone ! Its tiny but you can still hear wonderfully -LRB- and the other end can hear you clearly -RRB- . It has soo many features & I love the joystick which makes navigating through nebus so easy .
 Thought : This phone comes with great features !! Unlike other phones , the T610 comes with features you wouldnt able to do with other phones . It also comes with infrared which you can hook up to other phones w/infrared or computer ; with this feature you can send and recieve ringtones and pictures without being charged!Functions just like any other phone but more!The phone loads the menus very fast ! faster then the Sony Ericsson T226 and other younger versions ... The only problems is : Camera quality - yes , it does have poor camera quality , eventho the pictures you get from your computer or ordered are crystal clear , the camera is not clear . -LRB- strange how it supports over 63000 color but the camera is still weak -RRB- Voice Speaker - well this is not important to some people , i thought this cell phone has it all.Sound Recorder - it does what it does , but not high quality . When the recorded sound is played it is not loud enough . you got hold it up in your ear to hear some of it ... Ringer - ok , im not sure about this but it seems like when i get a call , the ringtones doent play loud enough . My sisters phone -LRB- Samsung & NOKIA -RRB- ringers are very loud compare to the t610.Note - There are times when the phone malfunctions , im not sure if its t-mobiles technical difficulties or the phone itself . USUALLY its because of T-MOBILEs problems . if there problems with your T610 then just TURN it OFF and back ON . There so much features on this phone , you just wan na do everything at the sametime ... Accessories : - the MP-10 , this is the flasher for the t610 . This flasher comes many features.-the Faceplates , change your look on the phone , it will look great.-the IrDA , the USB to infrared device for your computer , send and recieve pics , ringtones , games , and other information without being charged !!!! the 1 # thing i love most!these are worth buying ! BUY IT nOW !!!! OVERRALL
 This IS a wonderful phone . However , if u plan to use it outside the US or send it as a gift to someone who lives outside the US , do n't bother . T-Mobile will put you through hell to give you the SIM unlock code so that the phone can bu used with another carrier . Beware . I have a friend who is still trying to get the unlock code from T-Mobile since December 2003 . The phone itself is a good buy . Great features , menus are easy to navigate , stylish design , but could have had video .
 I am in the same boat with other owners . Excellent phone for the money but the software that comes with it is VERY old . You hear that TMobile !! Why you ship with an old software ??? Because they want you to pay $ $ $ to upgrade through their service center.Anyway , After reading some of the reviewers here and they recommend me to get the tool to unlock and upgrade the software easily and cheap . check it out for your self -LRB- unlockcellular.com -RRB- if you dont believe me , read the past reviews .
 I just love this phone . It has been with me for a year . The phone is small , tiny with good looking front screen . It has a bluetooth technology which simply is great . I have dropped down this phone like 4 times but it stills works - thats good . And the best is it has good colorful displays and ringtones .
 I think this is best phone becasue of its size , design , cost and bluetooth .
 OK REMEMBER THIS IS A PHONE NOT A CAMERA OR A COMPUTER . EXCELLENT FEATURES AND SERVICE ... WOULD RECOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE ... PACKED WITH FEATURES AND STYLE A MUST HAVE !!!!
 I have used the T 610 for about two months . Overall , my experience has been positive . I like the color screen , the megatones , the battery life and the size . The user interface is OK , too . At first it seems confusing but with time you get used to it . After all , the phone has quite a few functions so there have to be some compromises with usability vs. features.The phone seems poorly built , though . When I squeeze the sides of the phone , the parts rub against each other and squeek . But the phone does not disintegrate so I guess this is a ` feature ' not a defect . Also , the wide screen gets smudged quickly.My biggest complaint is about the phone freezing . I had an appointment scheduled in the Outlook calendar and the phone was on silent . When the reminder came on , the phone vibrated and froze when I wanted to see the details about the appointment . None of the buttons , including the On/Off button worked.To get out of that situation I had to call the phone from another telephone , and that is when T 610 came back to life.Overall , it is an excellent phone except for the Microsoft product in it . But then , what else do you expect ?
 I 've had this phone for about 2 months now and i havent had any major problems . The bad things are :1 . Too much screen glare when outdoors -LRB- almost impossible to use even with the default theme -LRB- impossible to use with the other themes provided -RRB- -RRB- 2 . It seems very slow to open programs such as games -LRB- the menu screens do n't come up fast enough which can get frustrating -RRB- 3 . The phone has frozen a few times when i 've cancelled GPRS while connecting .4 . You ca n't set recorded sounds as a Ringtone .5 . Memory too small -LRB- You cant have too many things -LRB- memory will run out -RRB- -RRB- 6 . No Mp3 player -LRB- memory card slot would have been real neat -RRB- 7 . I live in Australia and i 'm with Optus , the reception is less than perfect -LRB- sometimes ever outside -RRB- . But this might just be because of where i live.THE GOOD THINGS1.Size-One of the smallest phones on the market -LRB- i catch a bus and when i use the phone most people get amazed at it 's size -RRB- 2 . Easy to transfer pictures from my computer to the phone -LRB- But not back -RRB- 3 . Connecting to Bluetooth phones is easy as pressing the joystick -LRB- after going throug the menu -RRB- 4 . Very good Ringtones -LRB- Loud enough to hear the other side of the house -RRB- 5 . Very light to carry around , hard to notice it 's easy .6 . Shortcut buttons are real neat -LRB- apart from the GPRS Button -RRB- . When you need the camera , It 's just 1 click away .7 . Battery life is more than adequate for what i use it for.Overall , the good things beat the bad by quite a bit . But i would suggest Sony Ericsson to make a Non-Glare screen -LRB- the screen is almost Unusable -LRB- Outdoors -RRB- because it 's reflective -LRB- should n't have any glare on it.For someone looking to buy this phone , i 'd say look at all the other phones available and then decide on whether to buy it or not.I recommend you buy this phone .
 My husband and I found this phone online and got a GREAT deal , we actully got paid $ 350 to own two of them and set up Tmobile ! So , after we got the shipping confirmation we came to this site and read the reviews . We were horrified ! We thought we had made a huge mistake with this phone and thought we might have to sell them and get new ones . When they arrived we both cautiously unpacked them , making sure that everything stayed pristine so we could return them or sell them if we needed to . I was sure we would have a problem.Well , it has been 2 months now and we LOVE our phones . They are great !! We have great reception , the pictures are fun , blue tooth is cool etc etc. . What a relief ! Both phones work great , sound great and and look cool . I am so happy we got them . I think the other reviews are from people who wish they could afford a more expensive phone with all the extras , settle on this one , and are disappointed becuase they really wanted the grander versions of the high tech phone world.For us this is a great phone . The buttons are small , but not a problem for either one of us . The joystick is fun and the games entertaining . This is not the ultimate deluxe future phone with whipped cream and a cherry on top , but it is fun , higher tech than most phones and acutally does what a phone is supposed to do with a spunky lemon lime twist here and there . The reception is pretty good too and we live on an island in the San Juans near Seattle so I was not sure if it would work.There are some minor things that took adjusting to , the text message with every voicemail thing is pretty annoying , but all in all we are very happy . The camera is fun , not amazing , but a nice feature . We have a digital camera for pics we are more serious about . I recommend this phone for people who do n't want to make a serious investment -LRB- you can acutally get paid to take this phone ! -RRB- but want a phone with some fun , higher tech features . And best of all , it is NOT a sprint phone , cause as we all know sprint SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hi , I 've owned my SE T610 for 8 months now and it has NEVER frozen ! Originally bought in Norway , but using it in Australia now with different Networks down here I 've only good things to say about this phone ! The interface is different and slightly more advanced than the Nokia 's . But at the same time , the T610 is way more compatible with PCs and other phones than the Nokias . I.E
 I have this phone for about 2 weeks now . Actually , I had to order a second piece of the same phone as the bluetooth wo n't work in the first phone . I was a bit apprehensive about getting this phone and T-Mobile service . Firstly because I had read lot of bad reviews about T-Mobile and secondly because I was not sure how it will work with Amazon . But I was pleasantly surprised with the customer service that I received from Amazon . I did not find any customer service number on their website . I hesitantly contacted the customer service using the form provided on the website . I got response in about 3hrs . And I the replacement phone next day . Its working fine . Enough about Amazon , here are the Pros and Cons of the phonesPros -- Small , light weight , blue tooth , infrared , WAP enabled with GSM -LRB- so it should work throughout the world -RRB- - Free sync software comes with the phone . Easy to synchronize the outlook contacts with the phone . - Camera is easy to use . - The menu layout is easy to use and intutive . - My experience with T-Mobile customer service was very good.Cons -- Small buttons . - Some of the common menus -LRB- text messaging etc -RRB- need couple of clicks to get there . - Camera resolution is not good . - The software that comes with the phone is not easy to use . - T-Mobile reception is not necessarily good at all the places .
 I read a lot of reviews before getting this phone . Let me dispel some myths1 . Hard to see or read display in outdoors - Just decrease the contrast to -5 and you 'll be fine2 . Volume too low -- who says so ... its pretty good . The problem is that since its a small phone people tend to align the mic next to the mouth which means the speaker is not aligned to the ear . Just hold the phone so that the speaker is aligned to the ear and dont bother about the mic as the mic is exceptional and is designed to pick up your voice clearly even when not aligned with the mouth . Also the headset included with the phone for free by Sony ericsson is excellent .3 . The phone heats up - No way - I was on a two hour call yesterday and it warmed up marginally .4 . The phone smudges a lot - so what , just rub it against your shirt and its sparkling clean . Unlike other phones the smooth surface does not let any dust stick to it . One wipe and its clean .5 . Transferring pictures by IR is super quick6 . The only disadvantage I see is that the picture quality - indoor shots with night mode turn out to be excellent and crisp . Outdoor shots are hazy.This phone is great in all other respects and best of all its very very light and sleek
 I love this phone ! I ordered it from Amazon with the free Jabra Bluetooth headset . Even with activation , you can now end up getting paid -LRB- after rebate -RRB- to order this phone with T-Mobile service . I had Sprint before , but got dropped often -LRB- in Fairfield County , CT -RRB- . No problems yet with T-mobile ... and good coverage in the burbs even away from the highways . The fact that I can leave the phone in my bag and dial by voice via my cordless headset still amazes me . This is a no-brainer . The only problem is that you may have to wait a couple of weeks to get the phone as Amazon has been overwhelmed with orders for this phone .
 This is a great cellphone . Very sleek , and stylish to look at . I have T-mobile , and I am also very happy with the service . I am in the Puget Sound Area , and the network here is great . Overall , could not ask for anything more .
 Well where do I start . It is quite a good all round phone exept from the dodgy camera . It loooks great it has a lot of memory space and it is easy to live with . I think that the camera should have been scrapped because it is really bad . It comes up all blury and hard to see .
 This is a great phone . The cons are : -- No speaker phone . However , with Bluetooth , why do we need that ? - Poor picture quality . However , it 's a phone , not a camera .
 I 've been using this phone from the past one year . Like any other phone this phone is also not perfect , but hey I got all I wanted from my T610 , it never disappointed me.What I like :1 . Tri-Band :
 I have had this phone for over a year and have had no problems with it . The software on the phones really nice and its never died on me . It has a very intuitive interface and is very easy to use . The screen size is good and accommodates good amount of text . A very nice basic phone . The camera is good , but pictures are more or less average quality . Fairly sleek.The cons are small keys and average-reception at best .
 I have had my T610 for about 6 months and im really happy with it ! Its small and fits everywhere , the color screen is excellent , the camera takes decent pictures and the overall design is great ! The only problems would probably be small buttons , and the capability to only store about 12 pictures taken from the camera , but you can send your pictures to your e-mail for about a quarter , so overall , a good phone !
 OK , there 's been a lot of bad hype about this phone , but my personal experience does n't really agree with most of it . There are some annoyances and minor issues , but nothing that I think makes it completely worthless . Frankly , there 's a lot about the phone that 's really good - overall , it WORKS , even when I only have one signal bar . And getting paid $ 150 to take the phone was n't bad either - it was way better than the phone I paid $ 20 for through Cingular . Not only that , I 've dropped the phone about a million times -LRB- in the car , on the tile floor , on concrete , everywhere -RRB- and it just keeps going -LRB- not even a scratch on the screen to date -RRB- . Annoyances :1 . Every once in a great while a button will get stuck under the face plate . This is only really annoying the first few times it happens ; you get used to it and accept it as a flaw .2 . When you receive a voice mail , you 're notified via text message . This system is somewhat illogical , causing you to have to both listen to your voice message and deal with it and then go through the menu and delete the text message you received . But hey , at least I know when I have a voice mail , right ? 3 . I work in a bowling alley , and I 've found that the phone 's mic can pick up really high-pitched frequencies -LRB- such as those that eminate from our machines -RRB- and amplify them . This is n't so much annoying to me as it is to the poor folks that try to talk to me on the other end.Overall , if you 're a cheapo like me and you want to have an OK phone for a decent price , this is the way to go . T-Mobile is n't the best service provider -LRB- especially in terms of signal strength -RRB- , but it 's far from the worst , too .
 Great and easy to use cell phone -- with oodles of powerful options . Sony-Ericsson support for bluetooth PC synching was superb . This is a typical newer internal antenna Ericsson and a little weak with RF - use it in a strong coverage area - Go with a SAMSUNG if you often wander into the outlieing areas .
 Kudos to Sony/Ericss !!! The T610 does so many things well . The interface is well thought out . The camera software is fast and you can email the pic with a few pushes of a button . I see many others fumbling through many menus to send pics with other camera phones . You can also text or ` SMS ' people with intn ' l numbers at no additional cost -LRB- tmobile -RRB- . So you feel like a part of the world with this phone . And you are b/c it 's triband , so it 'll work in many countries . Wow , the T610 is packed with features in a tiny package . I feel as if there 's 75 % of my home computer in my hand , communication wise.My mom and two friends -LRB- various cities -RRB- bought this phone in the past few weeks , and they 're thrilled . We have a little T610 club just based on how functional and easy this phone is to use . We even send each other contacts right from our phone books , and the T610 saves it in the recipient 's phone book -LRB- emails and everything -RRB- . There 's a function that does that . Now how cool is that ?! And Tmobile 's GSM network is proving to be quite sturdy and fast for all of us LA , Chicago , NC . The ` porting ' numbers phenom must be killing AT&T. ; Cons
 So far I absolutely love this phone . It has decent battery life , looks very nice , and I have had almost no trouble with dropped calls or weak signals . I have yet to try out the Bluetooth features.In response to some of the complaints others have made , you do have to be careful with the charger . I had a Sony phone when I lived in France that had the same type of charger , and it is a bit different from other manufacturers ' chargers . Be SURE to read the instructions in the manual on how to insert and remove the charger . It is true that it will break or become loose if it is constantly removed improperly . If done correctly though , you should have no problems.Since I have had no problems with my signal , my guess is that the problems others have reported with weak signals probably have more to do with the service and not the phone .
 Got it yesterday and have been thrilled with it . Part of the excitement is also migrtating from a 4 line text display to a full colour one with ` stuff ' like SMS and mail etc. . But overall the phone is good value for money -LRB- free ? could it be better ? -RRB- and works well with the Jabra freespeak that came with it.The only gripe i have is that the new phones -LRB- or may be just this one -RRB- doesnt automatically switch across timezones . The ` auto timezone ' feature only flips between winter and Daylight savings in the current timezone . You also have to manually set the time in the machine as well -LRB- this is probably a service provider issue -RRB- !! That kinda sux cos I travel a lot and was used to that ` feature ' -LRB- ? -RRB- on the old cell.Other than that , its cool . Buy the right calling plan and you can do a lot with this fone . It is NOT the porche/lamborgini of phones so dont too many cool features like in the new P900 . But whatever it has , works well . Good for the casual user . If you intend to work with lots of documents etc on the cell , get a PDA!This is primarily a voice call cell phone with excellent text and picture messaging capabilities . The regular address book / organizer / settings are common across all phones . I still have to figure out how to have a personalized ring tone for my sweety but other than that , controls are intuitive -LRB- RTFM in case they arent for any reason ! -RRB- and its lighter than a lot of phones I have tried.Voice quality is good -LRB- even on the jabra freespeak -RRB- , but I have a wireless network at home and beyond 15 feet -LRB- and 2 walls -RRB- the bluetooth quality degrades gracefully . People in my workplace are surprised to see me ` talking to myself ' !! :-RRB- its cool . works , fashinable , light , right size and works well . Power users should buy a PDA but I recommend it to the regular user -LRB- primarily voice calls / SMS -RRB- .
 Great phone ! Why ? Because ... 1 . BT ... got Jabra headset - wireless is so much better ! 2 . beauty of a screen ... really ! 3 . Irda ... I have a Sony NX70 Clie and can beam addresses , pictures etc to it , even calendar appointments .4 . tiny .5 . it has a quality feel to it , not the cheap plastic feel .6 . quick access button for internet .7 . battery life - can go 2-3 days w/o recharge .8 . personalize it like you wish/pics/themes .9 . sound quality is very good .10 . if you need it , it has a voice recorder , notes etc.Misses
 The phone itself is fantastic , full color , pictures , voice dialing , voice recorder , themes , etc. . The only complaint I have is that in order to connect to the internet you have to turn the phone off and on again just before connecting . This is because the phone requires a `` fresh '' signal or will not connect -LRB- this info came stright from T-Mobile -RRB- . Not a major problem , but tedious nonetheless.I still rate it at a 4 -LRB- outside of the interent issue it is a 5 -RRB-
 I love this phone already ! -LRB- I received it yesterday -RRB- I have bluetooth in my Toyota Prius , -LRB- which I also love , but that 's another review ! -RRB- and it talks to it . I am in an area with marginal reception , according to the maps and it seems to be fine . I love all the features and the color screen . It talks to my Outlook contacts in my laptop and syncronizes ... I have n't gotten every feature figured out yet , but so far everything I have tried has been easy to use . I like the one hand operation . Very clear speaker and mike . The caller can hear me without me having to move the phone back and forth from my ear to the mouth when I talk . -LRB- Unlike the Kyocera I am giving up . -RRB- The camera is simple to use . I ca n't wait to get used to all the email features , etc. . It is almost like having a pda/camera / bluetooth phone all in one .
 Hi , I was looking for this great phone adn when Amazon offered it for FREE i grabbed it there are various reasons why i purchased this phone let me highlight few features :1 . Small and compact with great look from Sony2 . Built in camera3 . Bluetooth connectivity , this is awesome4 . Quick access to settings and emails5 . Various ringer tones6 . Games , DJ Music , wallpapers7 . Color screen , joy stick for navigatingNow let me share my experience after getting the best phone with T-mobile service which works the best in Chantilly , VA no other servic provider can give this.Got my connectivity wanted to checkout its features , clicked few pictures of my son and emailed it to my wife through t-zones -LRB- you got to have t-zones activated from T-mobile to send and recieve emails , messages it costs 2.99 $ per month -RRB- . If you want to upload the photo to your computer you can do using bluetooth or Infrared port , most of the computers have infrared port i used bluetooth of my Pocket PC and beamed to it within seconds the picture was there . . Now i also ordered Jabra bluetooth headset another 20 $ and it is worth it , handsfree you can recieve phone calls and make phone calls it has reception upto 10 feet -LRB- i had my friend walk little distance to check it out -RRB- . The device was recongnized and this helps me a lot while driving , i do recommend this after all it is 20 $ with this phone ... Now onto Cons of this phone , somehow i did n't like the volume of this phone the maximum output is so low compared to other phones and if you work in downtown or places where there is lot of noise then better set it to vibrator mode or u will miss all ur calls ... It is not a flip flop phone that means you have to lock and un-lock the keypad and that is something irritates me and was primary reason for me to switch new phone but after seeing all the features i gave away all my Cons and felt happier to have this hi-tech phone and my friends have started to think to get one ... I will tell you `` You just ca n't miss this deal '' Free phone with bluetooth headset for 20 $ it ca n't better , thanks to Amazon for a great deal and thanks to SonyEricsson for its phone and T-mobile for making yet another customer happy : -RRB-
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I been using this phone for a few months now and think it 's pretty good . The phone is not however without its faults.The Bad : On of the most annoying thing about this phone is that when you have it locked any key pressed will turn on the screen -LRB- at reduced brightness -RRB- . This means that back light spends a lot of time on reducing stand by time.Something that will bug many people is that this phone is not that fast . The user interface is easy to figure out and is faster then a Motorola T720i but slower then a Nokia 3560 , both of which I have owned before.Another annoying thing is that the buttons are very small . Which is the price you pay for such a sleeking looking phone I guess . In my opinion it 's worth it.Speaking of buttons , they are not reprogramable as with some Motorola phones that I have had in the past.This phone looks great but scratches easily . Also Sony Ericsson includes a soft terry cloth to clean it off because they know that this thing picks up fingerprints easily.The reception is one of the best features about this phone . I have used in the throughout the Los Angeles area and in New York City recently . In fact I got a call while on the subway in Brooklyn!The camera is a gimmick . It 's basically useless . But if your subject is about a foot away from the camera and very well light the picture may come out ok . The screen can display much better images then the camera can take . I 've used the infrared port to send high quality images to the phone and used them as wallpapers , and this works great.So for anyone considering this phone I would have to say that you probably could n't do any better , and at this price -LRB- ... -RRB- I know you could n't .
 What can I say that has n't already been said before about this phone . Simply put , it 's one of the best phones currently out there . Yeah , some people on Amazon have touted how much they love the Nokia 3650 -LRB- which I might add is simply too large a cell phone , IMHO , compared to others currently available like the T610 -RRB- . I thought long and hard about getting the T610 and compared it to the Nokia 3650 and I am so happy I went with the T610 . If you 're on the fence , do yourself a favor
 Good job SonyEricsson - T610 is a well thought upgrade to T68i.So about a year ago I wrote a review about Samsung S100 and Sony T68i . I opted for T68i for all the features it had to offer . You bet T68i was SLOW ! But 610 is much faster and slick ! For all those who have had T68i , you will love T610 and for those who are new to the Sony Ericsson world here is a detailed review for you.I 'll speak more from a usability point of view rather than feature listing - you can find features on various websites.Let 's start with Pros : - Its small , light and easy to carry -LRB- even in your shirt pocket -RRB- - Keys well lit / well spaced -LRB- important for small phones -RRB- - Large screen and pretty clear -LRB- some people complain about reading under direct sunlight - its not convenient under sun but is usable -RRB- - With phones entering the PDA/Camera/MP3 player market and having too many features , SE has done a good job of organizing all its features under 12 icons . -LRB- Pictures & Sounds and Profiles have overlaps and could be handled better -RRB- - T610 introduced a back button which can literally take you back to any previous screen ! - Bluetooth / Infrared makes life easier - easy integration with your windows networking and MS outlook - Very useful `` options/more '' button
 I replaced my Nokia 3650 with a SonyEricsson T610 after two 3650s up and died . I am delighted with the T610 . It 's ultra-small , ultra-sleek , and it works very , very well . I miss very few things about my disastrous 3650 ... Pros : - Tiny , compact , solidly built , beautiful - Loud earphone and good voice quality ; better ringtone volume than 3650 - Intuitive , attractive , and polished interface - Excellent organizer - E-mail client automatically connects at intervals - Syncs with Mac OS X and can control Mac computers via Romeo , Salling Clicker - Excellent Bluetooth implementation - Good RF * Cons : - So beautiful you 'll lament every smudge and scratch it accumulates during everyday living - Reception meter fluctuates wildly and does n't give a good representation of actual signal strength - Camera for fun only - Memory is limited - Poky Java performance - Message warnings are n't persistent enough * One of my main concerns in buying the T610 was that the reception would be worse than the 3650 's , as some people complain about the radio on SE phones . I have not found this to be the case ; the radio has the same range , dead spots , and clarity in various locations as my old 3650 , and even receives SMS and MMS messages in places my 3650 had no signal at all . The signal meter , however , is completely insane , and I 've learned to more or less ignore it . You ca n't compare signal strength by the bars the phone shows , since every manufacturer uses a different standard . In all , I 've found the T610 's RF to be very good and it holds on to weak signals better than my 3650 did.I recommend this phone over the 3650 . It 's MUCH smaller , has a better speaker , seems more solidly built , has an easier keypad , and a much better implementation of BT than the 3650 . Things I miss from the 3650
 Since I got lots of help from reviews , I felt I obliged to contribute some . I want to make it real simple and to be very objective . I got family plan of which my wife 's choice was Samsung V-205 . Everyone has their own crieteria to choose a phone . Mine is battery life , call quality , siginal quality , and other miscellanious . I am comparing both phones side by side in a same room .1 . Battery life
 It took me months to check this phone and T-mobile service -LRB- while I was waiting for my Sprint service to expire -RRB- and I read most of the reviews here before I bought this phone . At some point I was just about to change my mind not to buy it because of some consistent reviews on serious problems , however , I made my mind and got the service with t610 . I have not encountered any problems mentioned here except some shortfalls of the phone . Here are my experiences on the phone and the service :1 . T-mobile coverage is not as good as Sprint in my area .2 . My impression is that customer service is doing a good job .3 . I have not been charged more than $ 35 for activation fee -LRB- i just checked my bill again -RRB- 4 . 3 band GSM compatibility is great .5 . the phone has seemd to freeze once as was mentioned by many reviewers , however , one of the keys was stuck -LRB- thanks a lot for those reviewers who pointed this out -RRB- , I popped it out and the phone ran with no problem . no need to shut it off or take out the batteries . -LRB- it 's been 2 months and have not opened the case yet -RRB- 6 . yes its camera is no good , but u need a phone anyway .7 . bluetooth is great with Jabra freespeak -LRB- good deal -RRB- 8 . under sunlight , the screen is not that visible . this is true . still you can see it , screen doesnt disappear entirely . this may be problematic if you wan na use the camera too , u dont see what u r taking .9 . all the menu system is complicated -LRB- compared to nokia 's practicality -RRB- , however there are some shortcut keys you will discover , too . I totally agree not to buy this for your grandma . But again , the menus are not impossible , i did not need the manual to figure out how to input a contact info .10 . battery goes for about 4 days -LRB- obviously depending on usage time -RRB- and charges fast -LRB- about 2 hrs I guess -RRB- 11 . this phone is not as big as you might think , it is relatively small , but has a bigger screen than many cell phones -LRB- that 's why it looked big to me on the web -RRB- and joystick is very convenient .
 this is a great , feature-rich phone , in a very small and sleek package : pros : - great voice quality - folks i talk to using the t610 could n't tell i was using a mobile phone . - tri-band -LRB- GSM 850/1800/1900 -RRB- world phone . - very small and very light -LRB- you can put this in your jeans pocket and no one will know you 're carrying a phone -RRB- . - gorgeous 65k hi-res screen . - excellent battery life . - both the charger connection and the headset connection on the phone appear sturdy and built to last . much better than the samsungs i 've had before where the charger connection was flimsy and bent with normal use . - this phone has an intuitive interface but to really get the most out of this phone , a quick read-through of the owner 's manual will help . - has bluetooth which is really , really cool when coupled with a wireless headset . can also be used to sync and exchange files with your bluetooth enabled computer . - also has an infrared port . i used this to download my contacts from my -LRB- non-bluetooth -RRB- PDA . - wireless web ready . - built-in camera . - voice-activated dialing . - large color display , 65k colors . - supports MMS . - polyphonic ring tones.cons : - internal memory support up to 510 numbers - i could use more . - screen could be better in bright daylight . - do n't expect to take high quality still shots using this phone . - smudges easily . - only three games included -LRB- not a big deal for me -RRB- . - no built-in speakerphone . - headset connection is proprietary.bottom line
 First off , i had the phone on tmobile for roughly 9 months , i have gone from loving it to death , realizing it small faults -LRB- quirks -RRB- , to liking it , and then completly falling in love with it all over again . Tmobile service/Customer service has been excellent in NJ , only a few dead spots , but great coverage overall.Everyone here has mentioned the faults , i 'll just reinterrate what annoys me personally ... 1 . screen is basically useless in bright sunshine images are drowned out , but amazingly crisp in darkness .2 . No speakerphone3 . weak ringtone speaker , and increasing rings -LRB- cant shut off -RRB- easy to miss calls4 . Caller id , does not indicate names unless they have been manually added to phone book , also does n't display time of call if call was made any other day than the present .5 . Occasionally freezing , would say once every 40 days of continous use -LRB- must remove battery to reset -RRB- works fine after .6 . Signal meter is very conservative , competitive models show 5 bars for best signal , but SE 610 shows 1-2 bars if in the same location . reception quality is still excellent at 0-1 bars ... strange , also is the rarity of seeing 5 full bars .7 . Adding names to phone book is more complex than many other competing models , but calling contacts on the fly is so simple and quick .8 . Internet button can be pressed on accident while still in pocket , waisting minutes , thats assuming you did n't lock phone9 . Display lights up when an button is pressed while still in locked position .10 . camera is a gimmic , and is of no use to me , images are only ok to look at on the phone , not for prints.LIKEs ... 1 . the phone has an amazing following , and is customizable beyond any other phone i 've seen , case all the way to the themes , to the custom ring tones . Google it and see what i mean .2 . Phone can be used on any GSM network and is very popular in Europe , thus one of teh best phones for travelers , just be sure to unlock it first .3 . the clarity of the phone calls , far superior than any other cell i used4 . Durability , it has been sat on , dropped on countless occasions , thrown across rooms , and yet there is barely any marks , looks almost as new as the day i got it -LRB- light scratching on aluminum , but no dents , dings etc -RRB- . It feels solid , when held , and has a good weight for its size5 . BLUETOOTH , THIS IS WHAT MADE ME FALL IN LOVE WITH IT ALL OVER AGAIN . AFTER PURCHASING A BLUETOOTH ADAPTE FOR THE PC , I LEARNED ABOUT FLOAT MOBILE AGENT , A MUST HAVE FOR THE SE610 , IT SYNCS WITH THE PHONE , TRANSFERS ALL DATA ONTO PC AND VICEVERSA , WORKS GREAT WITH OUTLOOK . AND CAN CONTROL THE PHONE FROM TEH PC , EASILY SEND TEXT MSGES OR CONTACTS FROM PC TO PHONE , INSTANT OVER BLUETOOTH .6 . CAN OPERATE MY PC FROM 30 FEET AWAY WITH SE610 , USING FLOAT MOBILE AGENT . -LRB- OPEN POWERPOINT , WINAMP , OUTLOOK , DVD , MOUSE , YOU NAME IT , THE SUPPORT IS THERE -RRB- NEVER THOUGHT I 'D EVER USE MY PHONE TO CONTROL MY PC , AND WITH THE COMMUNITY SUPPORT FLOAT HAS BECOME EVEN MORE AMAZING WITH EVERY NEW RELEASE , TOTALLY FREE TOO .7 . small size , fits perfectly in any pocket8 . For the price , there 's no phone that i know that can compete with this phone when combined with float mobile agent .9 . Whatever everyone else said ... And finally would i get another Sony Ericson phone ? YESThe potential of this phone is beyond what i expected , thats why love it.Final rating : Without float mobile agent it would be a 4 outta 5 stars , with it , it easily becomes a 5 star phone.thanks for reading and good luck with your phone search .
 i was a little hesitant about getting this phone due to sony ericsson 's bad rep but once i got it , i was amazed by it 's performance . it fixed most of the problems of the previous ericsson models.the camera is ok and a little grainy but most camera phones are like that , it 's nothing to get excited about but when i uploaded the pics onto my powerbook via bluetooth , there was a HUGE difference in picture quality ... it looked alot better . the sound quality of the phone is a lot better compared to the nokia 3560 for AT&T TDMA . the sound was very clear where as my nokia had a lot of background noise that was very light but still there . the menu takes some getting use to compared to nokia 's super friendly one but it 's nothing too difficult.it picks up better signal than my motorola v60 did . even when there 's only 1 bar , my call is still clear and is n't choppy where as on my moto i hardly understood what the other person was saying.it 's a great phone for people who have other devices with bluetooth . the size is perfect ... it 's not to big and it 's not too small . the screen is a great size especially for viewing pictures because everything does n't come out all microscopic.T-mobile 's customer service is great compared to AT&T 's rude customer service . the only thing that bugs is having to clean the phone because it gets fingerprints on it soooo easily other than that i highly recommend this phone .
 hi guysI have this phone over a year now and I am truely satisfied with it.I never faced any problems with call dropping and it always served it master very well.Although camera is of poor Quality , if ppl are thinking pictures of mountains , football game i think they didnt get the real use of camera . Digital cameras are available outside.Bluetooth and infrared rocks . I am using Jabra BT250 with it and i have no doubts.Overall i would suggest this phone to people who are looking for bluetooth wireless technology , camera and who truely love SONY Products like me . others shouldnt buyThanks
 Hi i am 13 and i happen to own this phone it 's really great ! I love the size and it has really good connection . Even in a mall bathroom it is a great phone . the only thing is that the camera does not work great in the night or indoors but outside it takes beautiful pictures . When i take a picture with my phone outside it comes out great ! i would recommend this phone . I love the shape , size and weight . i have had three different phones in the last two years but this one is a keeper !
 to the people complaining about standby time , im willing to bet big money that you didnt charge properly . i already read that one guy charged for four hours . you get full time as listed by sony if you do not use it at all when you first get it and charge it for twelve hours . then you use the phone until the battery dies out completely , and only then do you recharge it to full capacity . this phone is not your standard phone , it runs with a sony operating system , do not expect all new advances in technology -LRB- ie . os -RRB- to be simple . dont be tech dumb and complain . take some time to play with the phone get to know and you 'll be able to access all the features blindfolded . dont tell me the first time you used windows and all other operating systems you were the super whiz . If you were , then you should be ashamed you cant handle this phone . with regard to buttons getting stuck and stupid crap like that , IT IS NOT A STANDARD . you either got stuck with a defective phone , or you did something to damage it . sony does not spend tens of millions for quality control to give you crap . overall its a good phone , most professional reviews praise it tremendously , most user critics have not made the effort to truly know the phone inside and out , a lack of knowledge makes for a lack of judgement .
 I purchased this phone about six months ago , and my experience with it has been overwhelmingly positive . The phone itself is tiny , especially compared to competitors like the Nokia 3600 series . Yet despite its size , it manages to offer just as many features as the Nokia , or for that matter just about any other phone on the market . Keep in mind that many of the T610 's competitors -LRB- e.g. the Nokia 6600 -RRB- were recently released . Despite being much older the Sony Ericsson outdoes it in many ways . -LRB- Note that the T630/T637 has been released , but it is almost exactly the same phone with a different look . My advice is to save a little money and go for the older model , which has a better keypad . -RRB- First of all , not many phones currently on the market offer Bluetooth , other than the T610/616 , the aforementioned Nokias , and the Siemens S55/56 -LRB- which does n't even have an integrated camera -RRB- . The Sony Ericsson offers just about every feature you could want in a phone . However , it lacks a speakerphone , something that should be included in all phones , high-end or not . It lacks the Symbian OS of the Nokias , but at least you wo n't have to worry about viruses for the forseeable future -LRB- unlike the Nokias -RRB- . Besides , the menu interface is top-notch , better than the Motorolas , Samsungs , LGs , and Nokias I 've used before.Other features in which this phone needs some catching up are :1 . The 65 thousand color display is very nice , but it is unreadable in direct sunlight . Some high-end phones have 256 thousand color displays now .2 . The black portion of the phone is susceptible to smudges , the silver portion is susceptible to scratches .3 . The joystick , while still a revelation to fans of cell phone games -LRB- the included games are excellent , by the way -RRB- , responds to horizontal and vertical movement -LRB- not diagonal -RRB- . This lessens the usability of the joystick - you ca n't jump from one place to another in Deep Abyss with the joystick , for example .4 . I have no idea what the number `` 08 '' is for , but even when the phone is locked it is too easy to accidentally dial this number in your pocket - if something presses against the zero key , the eight key right above it , and then pushes in the joystick , the phone will make an emergency call regardless of whether or not the keypad lock is activated .5 . 2 MB of storage space is simply not enough for all the pictures/ringtones/recorded voice memos you will have in this phone . The Nokias have expansion slots . It would be great to go from 2 MB to 64 MB just by putting in a Memory Stick Duo -LRB- SE will be including the slot in future high-end models -RRB- .6 . The camera could use some work in future versions of this phone . There are already 1 megapixel camera phones on the market . Again , this is not a fault of Sony Ericsson ; it was revolutionary to find a camera in an open-faced phone as small as the T610 when it was released.And that 's all , despite all these relatively minor qualms I still think this is one of the best phones on the market , especially at this price . The fact is a phone like this , aged as it is , can still compete with those $ 300 phones you see . There are some pretty exciting flip phones out there , but if you 're not a fan of those and you do n't want to spend a lot -LRB- actually , with this phone they 're actually giving you money to buy it -RRB- look no further .
 The Sony Ericsson T610 offers versatility with the traditional necessities sought after by the demanding entrepreneur , to the schoolchild . It is equipped with an integrated 0.1 mega pixel digital camera , ideal for taking snapshots of our beutiful world , access to the internet , ideal for keeping up to date when there is abscence of a computer , and a high-resolution 65k screen to top it all . The T610 is simply a must-have phone !
 I have used this phone over a year now . This is a great phone . The best part of this phone is that it has a GREAT battery life -- the longest I have used . The voice and reception is great . It is small . The bluetooth works well . No problems with the T-Mobile service . Camera is not that good but I use this as a phone and not as a camera .
 This is a great phone , with a great look and great functionality . The only downside is in direct and bright sunlight - the screen is very difficult to see . Other than that ; it has an outstanding battery life , huge memory , useful versitility , compact size , a nice screen , and a very stylish body .
 Works great and I always get good reception . Battery life is good and it has lots of features . Picture quality is horrible , but that is to be expected .
 this is my favorit handphone , i like because from side form and fitur
 I was totally impressed about this Cell Phone . This has the best features like integrated Camera , Sleek Model , Can be used in more than 100 countries and has bluetooth technology . I would suggest you to buy this Cell phone if want be with the next generation tech.Thanks
 I like this item B0000AGRYX very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
 well i like the product and it si strong seeing it alone u can say it is a nice phone that every living soul have to get he or she thanks
 THIS PHONE IS AWESOME . . that should sum it up and now it is free with after rebate how can you beat that ... BLUETOOTH WORKS flawless with the jabra freespeak headset ... and the service is good everywhere in atlanta so this is a great deal dont let it pass you by . .
 I 've had my T610 + Tmobile for about a month now -LRB- So no word on the rebates yet -RRB- but as for the phone and service ... I 've been pretty satisfied . I get pretty good reception everywhere ... The phone is small and comfortable and everything seems to work on it without a hitch . The camera is good enough for a cell phone ... and the phone was more pleasing after I got a few new games/themes/ringtones on it via the infrared port . The phone does n't have all that much memory but I deleted all the predefined themes/songs/graphics -LRB- or at least all the ones it lets you -RRB- , and that gave me more than enough . It has n't frozen on me yet -LRB- and mine came with the oldest firmware -RRB- . I heard upgrading the firmware resolves freezing issues , increases the quality/compression of the pictures , and overall makes the phone more useable ... but I none of these things have affected me like others , so I have n't looked into how to upgrade it . Unfortunately , you cant just update the firmware yourself ... Two of my friends also have the same package and are pretty happy with it . I think most the reviews on here are just people who 've had negative experiences ...
 I had this phone for more than a week and explored almost all of its features except for voice command and text messaging . It has some good personalized features and is easy to use when you are familiar with the phone . But it falls short of some common sense . I will start with the Cons.Cons * Poor alarm setting options . Although it has recurring alarms , T610 only allows you to set one alarm . If you want an alarm to go off at 7:20 and another one at 7:45 , you will not be able to do that with T610 . Go for Samsung phones if you need more alarm options . * There 's no key you can press that will bring you back to the default starting screen . When you finished adding contacts and you want to go back to the default starting screen , you will have to constantly press the `` back '' key and go one level at a time . I found that very annoying . * Entering contacts information takes some time because the engineers designed some unnecessary steps in adding/modifying contacts . For example , when the `` Home Phone '' field is highlighted , you can not key in the number right away . You 'll still have to click the `` Add '' key to bring up the next screen for entering information . * Small number display . They could have made the numbers bigger when you are dialing or receiving a call . The numbers are hard to see when you are using your phone outdoors during day time.Pros * Good sound quality . I 'm not talking about reception here . With normal signal strength , T610 gives you a smoother and milder voice than my old Nokia 3560 , which makes you feel like you are talking to a robot . Even if with only one bar , the sound from T610 is pretty good too . * Good display resolution . * Nice personal settings such as wallpapers , themes and screensavers . * Easy file transfer using Bluetooth or Infrared . I use my computers to download free ring tones , themes and pictures from the internet -LRB- www.myt610.net -RRB- and then use Infrared to transfer them to my T610 . I was surprised to find how easy it is . Once the Infrared port is enabled in BIOS , the computer will automatically detect T610 within a certain range and pops up the file transfer dialogue window and you can start transferring . If you use T610 to download files from the Internet directly , you will have to pay $ 4.99 per month . -LRB- You might need to get some support for your computer for `` enabling Infrared '' if the Infrared port is not enabled by default . -RRB- * Good `` Shortcut '' features . * Good call management solutions . Call lists are integrated . You can view dialed numbers , received calls and missed calls all in one screen . The phone uses arrows in different shapes and colors to help you distinguish if it is a missed call or a received call . The highlighted number will toggle between phone number and call time automatically and save you several clicks . * Easy to grab . I have dropped my Nokia 3560 numerous times . But the surface material and the inward-curving side panels of T610 makes it easy to grab.By the way , T-Mobile has good signal performance in St Louis area .
 Its an excellent phone . I am loving it . As someone told that good thing comes in small package , this works for this phone . However the cam . resolution is not good at night but it works fine in day.Overall an Amazing phone selling at Amazon.com .
 I think there are T-Mobile towers around the area that I live in . My phone always have max reception -LRB- or at least 4 -RRB- when I use it at home . The camera is kinda weak though . It gives poor and dark pictures . But the only problem I have with the phone is that the screen attracts to much grease from your face . You always have to clean the screen , which is not a nice thing to do after a while . Overall , this phone is not that bad !
 I 've owned this phone for about a year now before this I had had Motorola , Nokia and Sony Ericsson previous models , but this phone is the best of all . Phone has a very stylish design and many features that helps user to check new messages , SMS -LRB- text messages -RRB- , use joystick for shortcuts and voice-dialing -LRB- ! -RRB- - this feature beats all . Using voice-dialing user can setup up a contact plus 5 different ways to dial -LRB- home , cell phone , work , fax , other -RRB- , and this is not all . Features like Calendar will help you to set up an appointment , schedule a phone call , add reminder and will ask you to change profile when this event starts like Meeting - transfer all you calls to another phone or your exam class - put on silent mode.I would not recommend this phone to people who do n't care for features at all and just need to dial a contact and two buttons Call and Cancel.This phone does have one problem - screen is difficult to `` read '' on a very bright sun . Hopefully the next generation of these phones will `` solve '' this issue.If you decide to buy this phone you will not be disappointed .
 I purchased the T610 little over two months ago , and I should say that , this is a beautiful phone , looking as sharp as it is ! Its sleek and elegantly solid design is distinguishing it well above all the competition . It is visually powerful in every detail.Apart from its design features I need to say that it has some shortfalls and details needing improvement . It had never crashed on me , yet , and has proven its reliability . The network connections are up to T Mobile , and depend also on the region in which is being used . But , do n't forget that it is a `` world '' phone , designed for , and available all around the world . The battery life is the one that needs most improvement , and the `` joystick '' is too sensitive . Its interface may not be the most user friendly , but the Bluetooth technology is quite useful especially when is accompanied by free Jabra headset ! By the way , its original headset is not up to the standarts of this particular phone , since its a cheap carry over from previous models . It does not have built in FM stereo , but there is a mini FM attachment available on the market . The color display is probably one of the best in the market , but the camera capabilities are almost useless , unless there is an `` emergency '' . Talking about comparison with other phones on the market , and after owning and using Nokias , Siemens , and others , I reckon that each set has its ups and downs , and is designed with specific goals , for particular market . And the idea of a `` perfect '' cell phone , could hardly be conceived and accomplished.Overall it is an excellent phone that is already quite popular everywhere , and has proven the partnership between Sony and Ericsson , as a succesful one !
 After using about a dozen cell phones in the past 5 years I have found a phone I love to use . I get great reception -LRB- but it may be from switching from ATT Wireless to TMobile -RRB- and love the color display . My only two negatives about the phone is the keypad is a little small for my fat fingers -LRB- you should see me type on a full - size keyboard ! -RRB- . The other downside is the address book is a little hard to navigate -LRB- but that might be a learning curve on my part -RRB- . I would feel very comfortable recommending this phone to a friend .
 The T610 is well designed with good menues . The battery time is excellent . Ericsson phones have always had good batteries and this phone leaves the competition far behind . The screen is nice and clear . The biggest down side to the phone is the camera which is n't very good . Would be nice with a zoom . Do n't think you can take any pictures at a party because lighting has to be very good . It also scratches extremly easy and there are no cover to buy to replace the scratched area . In other words put your keys in another pocket and do n't drop it like you could with the older Ericsson phones .
 I like this phone a lot . It has everything and samll . Easy to carry around and has strong antena .
 Just received my T610 , although I am 1 year behind on the model , this phone is still packed with features . Mainly bluetooth and IR . Simple to use menu . Took sometime to get used to the joystick/softkey . Problem free unlock process with Tmobile.Not only I get the phone for free , I make $ 175 . -LSB- ... -RSB- Good Luck .
 First off take any bad reviews here with a grain of salt , All of the this phone is garbage reviews on here almost detered me from buying this phone . And what a difference when it comes to connectivity with this phone over my S105 . One thing I do give the S105 is it does seem like it has better all around sound more on par with a regular home phone where as the T610 sounds a bit shallow to me , but thats all just prefrence and it is very clear . Back to being able to connect up over bluetooth to your PC and file sharing between the PC and the T610 . Set it up and all works good . My S105 just wasnt up to snuff when it came to connecting to a pc -LRB- nothing but trouble -RRB- . Anyways at this point I recommend this phone although I guess we will see how well it holds up.A.Z.I just received this phone as well and reading your view I hadnt tried my phone card input as well so I tried , Had no trouble at all entering a 12 digit code . Worked fine first time . I tend to think you either have a bad phone or your service is going in and out.Revision 1 : I will take back the reception being better than my samsung S105 at this point as well . This phone has dropped on me the last 2 days of use in places that my S105 did not . In fact my S105 didnt drop hardly ever . Im kind of in the middle of the road on this phone now . Love the features of it but the sound and reception quality could be better Im feeling now.Revision 2 . After having this phone for about 2 weeks now there is nothing really wrong with this phone other than I dont care for the sound on my end of the line . People I have called say this phone sounds better than the samsung S105 I had before it . The bluetooth and easy connection to the phone to my computer is a big plus for this phone . Samsung I had was not worth the time when it came to this . Not a bad phone for +175 !
 I have a T610 with T-Mobile here in South Florida , The 1st phone I got had the Freeze for no reason problem 3x in 3 weeks . It also failed to charge on at least 1 occasion . I returned the phone and got another one and it has been great . Reception is hit and miss in building -LRB- good ole faraday effect -RRB- . The camera is nice but all I use it for is a pic of my cat at this time . Sound quality is good on calls but the Increasing ring is annoying because it does n't disable even when you set it to off . Screen quality is good but do n't bother trying in direct sunlight . The only problem I have is finding a good game for the phone . Anybody know a good morphun game site for this phone ? T-Mobile does n't have any apps available .
 the handset sony ericsson t 610 is an awesome piece but the only problem i am facing is that i am not able to receive the signal properly because of lack of signal strength of the service provider
 This is my second phone , and I really enjoy it . It has a lot of cool functionality for a geek girl like me ... you can synch up your Outlook calendar , use bluetooth to send pics and rings and such to other bluetooth phones , play games on it , etc. . The screen is really big and colorful , and the navigation is fairly easy with the joystick . I really got it because of the joystick - it 's something you just do n't see on other phones . The games it comes with are kind of lame , but that 's just me - all I want is Tetris . You can set it up so when someone calls , first it says their name -LRB- you prerecord this and associate it with their contact list entry -RRB- and shows their picture -LRB- same deal -RRB- , then you can have a custome ring tone too ... so it 's nice , you do n't even have to look at the phone to know who 's calling.It does occationally freeze up , my only gripe - but that 's what happens when your phone is more of a PDA than a phone . Starting it up again is cake . I do wish it had a little more memory . Overall though , it 's lots of fun . : -RRB-
 Although the phone did n't live up to my initial expectations , still I will rate this phone as 4 star . The phone is very sleek , very light , good resolution and very nice features.One problem which I found is common with this phone is that it gets stuck in the middle if you try to open 2 applications very quickly . You have to be little patient with this phone . Also , the user interface is only 30 % effective when compared to Nokia . But a bluetooth and triband phone with a camera option at this price is what you get if you can live with all these problems .
 Well , I 've owned this phone for a month now , and I think it 's safe to say that it 's quite good . Personally , I think the phone performs great , and I 've managed to squeeze up to 4 days out of one charge . And while the signal bars often only stays between 2-4 bars , calls are still surprisingly clear . My only complaints are that the phone 's camera is n't as good as other phones , and that it does n't ship with a connectivity cable . Otherwise , this phone is one of the best phones I 've ever used .
 The phone is great , just do n't believe the `` available in 24 hours '' status provided by Amazon . Even if the actual shipping estimate is 3 weeks off for those who have already purchased the phone , Amazon continues to display `` 24 hours '' on the product page . It is sad . I normally love Amazon . Why they do this , I have no idea , but consider yourself warned !
 ProsSmall , very nice camera , voice calling feature , bluetooth capabilities.ConsScreen is nearly impossible to see in sunlight . Bluetooth can be quirky , failing to connect sometimes . Phone occassionally `` locks '' requiring you to take out the battery to reset it . Battery life is good .
 This phone is certainly one of the best phones offered by Tmobile . Everything from its capabilities to its rf quality is very top notch . One great advantage this phone has over other Bluetooth enabled phones offered by Tmobile is the size as well as more user friendly menus.Pros : Relatively small and lightGreat menu setupFast moving menusBluetooth syncLoud ear pieceCons : Very high maintanence -LRB- smudges easily -RRB- No speakerphoneSome of the complaints about this phone have been on the issue of the RF being low . This was a major problem on early models which were made a while back and have recently been fixed by a new firmware . The phone actually shows RF fluctations more than other phones , resulting in people thinking it has bad RF.Overall this is a great purchase and is great phone . If someone were to be looking for more than JUST a phone , please look into the Nokia 3650 , which is based on symbian OS and can have programs built for series60 be used on it .
 I think its an amazing deal . I got $ 175 to buy this phone . the catch is that you have to sign up for a 1 year contract with tmobile which has average coverage , but its the best service if you use international SMS or even use text messaging a lot . It takes some time to get use to the phones menu , but after a while you get use to it . For all the people reporting problems about `` not loud enough ringers '' there is an option in `` settings / sounds & alerts / Increasing Ring '' which makes the ringer loud enough . What i found most useful are the reminder notes , send picture messages option , making voice notes and the stop watch . Ok now what I dont like about the phone is the camera , the photos are really bad , not what you would expect from a sony phone . But I would strongly recommend the phone to anyone because you ACUTALLY END UP MAKING $ 175 by purchasing the phone .
 Been using this T610 for a while and I learn more about it everyday . This is not a perfect phone but if you want to spend sometime on it , its a perfect phone for the money.BAD :1 . Signal meter fluctuates a lot2 . Bad reception3 . LCD hard to see in daylightGOOD :1 . Signal meter actually represent a REAL TIME signal . Other phones represent a snapshot . You can call when the signal bar is only 1.2 . Bad reception can be fixed by firmware . For some reason TMOBILE released this phone with an older firmware . The included firmware is R1S001 , the latest one is R6B004 . Go figure ! 3 . Easy to unlock so you can use other SIMs card in it and it becomes a TRUE WORLD PHONE.What you need to do all that is a TERMINATOR DONGLE . It will UNLOCK/FLASH/UPGRADE your SE phone . With the dongle you can CHANGE THE LANGUAGE too . You can buy the kit from http://sonyericsson.indoatlanta.com -LRB- cheaper -RRB- or get one from ebay . Just search TERMINATOR DONGLE in EBAY.Good luck and Have fun !!
 I was a little hesitant about buying this phone after the reviews I read . But after seeing it at a store , I purchased it on amazon and have n't regretted it ! I 've had it for about 2 months now , and I 've never had a problem with the phone freezing . Reception is also great , here in nyc and also whenever I 've traveled elsewhere.The camera feature is fun , but I do n't really use it all that much . I do have pictures of some friends and it shows up on the screen when they call , so that 's a nice feature.What I do love is the bluetooth capabilities which lets me use a jabra wireless headset . I LOVE THAT ! I can go about cooking , or whatever else , while talking on the phone . Highly recommend this ! The wonders of technology!The small size of this phone is also a plus . It 's very sleek and has a ton of features.The only slight negative is the battery life . It 's not horrible but it 's not the best either . This is probably due to the features like camera , color screen , and bluetooth capability which drain the battery . I would n't switch all those features for a longer-lasting battery though . I charge my phone every day or every other day depending on how much I use it so it 's not that bad.All in all , I highly recommend this phone . I know some reviewers have had a problem but I have nothing to complain about !
 I 've had this phone for just over three months , and I 'm pretty happy with it . The phone 's features have been discussed here and elsewhere in great details , and I wo n't spend too much time talking about them . It has n't frozen on me once , and performed well overall . I would have given T610 5 stars if not for the following :1 . Screen is barely usable in bright light . Scratch that . It is not usable in bright light at all ! 2 . Synch . software bundled with the phone screwed up my Outlook installation
 I 've had ~ 10 cell phones in the last 8 years , and this by far my favorite.INTERFACE
 Im gon na be kind and rank the phone @ 4 stars for the following : - It has the full color screen-All the features work as expected-The camera isnt the best quality , but is what you 'd expect-Saves lots of numbers , and organizes them wellReasons it didnt get 5 : - Screen gets scratched easily-Ring is soft -LRB- im kinda deaf anyways -RRB- - Little hard/annoying to navigate even for a techieAll around I 'd get the phone again . Watch out though , Amazon almost charged me for the free headset , but I had the invoice saved so It turned out alright . Also if Amazon messes up the order it takes forever to get it organized out straight . But the phone is great .
 This phone is basically the perfect phone . The only feature I miss is a flip style on it . The screen can be difficult to read , but no impossible in direct sunlight . The camera is average , but it 's a cell phone not a camera ! Good call quality . All in all , very happy with my purchase !
 Easy to use , nice screen , cheesy camera , bluetooth , IR , its got a good beat , I 'll give it a 92 , Dick.I have had this phone for about 1 week . I had read that the menus were hard to use but they are not . The sound quality is fabulous . The battery life is ok but not fabulous . The phone is very light . The camera is fun . I take pictures of my friends USING THEIR PHONE and then attach their picture to their entry in the address book -LRB- easily done -RRB- . When they call their picture appears on the color screen.I always lock my SIM so that if someone steals my phone -LRB- or I lose it -RRB- then someone can not put my SIM into their phone and call anywhere in the world . To lock my SIM took the help of T-Mobile support and a PUK code after we had no idea what the existing SIM code was.I wish it had more games built in . And although I understand the phone and can generally make it do anything it can do , I can not change the ring notification for Appointments . Hmmm . I want to make it ring and ring and ring for a long time so I do n't miss an appointment !!! Trying to figure this one out . -- Star
 Great phone . Liked the IR part the most . I could get my 150 odd contacts into my cellphone in a few seconds . I braced for protocol compatibility issues , but there were none . To me , that alone is good enough to buy this phone.Minuses I can corroborate ... ring volume takes a ring or two to ramp up even when increasing ring is turned off , screen not very visible in bright light , no speakerphone , screen is ultra sensitive to dirt , you have to accept a dirty screen instead of trying to compulsively clean it.I have not been disappointed with T-mobile service or anything . Actually I now get service at work which I never got with AT&T wireless . In fact , get this , the ONLY provider that works at my workplace is t-mobile . At home , AT&T wireless used to be better , but I dont really mind.Sim unlocking . . for people who are eager to use another sim card -LRB- eg . while travelling abroad -RRB- , here 's a bit of a semi-surprise ... even though t-mobile allows sim unlocking -LRB- as opposed to any other gsm provider I know of -RRB- , your account needs to be atleast 3 months old . I 've never understood the fuss about sim unlocking . You 've already got me on a contract for crying out loud ! What difference does it make if I PAY for your service and use somebody else 's ?? Somebody here said something about timed profile not being a feature on this phone . I 've never had this feature before , but coming to think of it , it 'd be quite useful .
 I 've been using 3650 for over an year and changed to T610 for obvious reason - `` right '' size . This is my first few daysPros :1 . Right Size2 . Auto-lock feature3 . Ringtone composition - I dont know if I can do this4 . Downkey automaticaly brings the entries from address book5 . IR , BT & triple-band - all for FREE - Priceless !!! Same with 3650 too ... 6 . Ergonomically - very meticulously - designed7 . Intuitive menu8 . When you exit WAP browser , the connection to internet is automatically closed .9 . Quicker menu response10 . WAP browser and navigation is also faster11 . Came with a CD to sync with PC . I guess I need to buy the cable.Cons :1 . No memory card as in 36502 . Poor screen resolution - 3650 is just great3 . Poor battery life - it just sucks the power . I 've turned off my BT & IR . With 3650 , BT was always on and it still did very good.I would recommend this for any free phone shoppers.Mahesh
 Pros : - Compact , though large enough to use even if you have big hands like me - Looks very nice , black and chrome - Excellent screen colour and resolution - Reception seems good . I live in a particularly bad area and I 've not had trouble getting a signal outdoors . - Bluetooth is very well integrated , easily controlled and works with all the other BT devices I have -LRB- Tungsten T , iBook with D-Link adaptor -RRB- - Menu system and interface generally very easy to use - Calendar , phonebook , email/messaging , all present and work well - Sound is clear - Java and Mophun . I 'd not tried Mophun games before but they 're good . Keypad is a bit too small for serious arcade action.Cons : - Low memory . Delete the themes , games , images and sounds you 're not using and you will have room for taking pictures . This is the most annoying feature if you download a lot or like to take pictures . - Screen is a little hard to read in direct sunlight -LRB- I have not found this much of a problem -RRB- - Camera not particularly good -LRB- I moved from a Nokia 3650 which had a far better camera -RRB- and seems to encode JPEGs rather inefficiently . - No XHTML browser , if that matters to you . - Prone to getting fingerprints all over it . You 'll need to wipe it down occasionally.Conclusion : I 'd recommend the T610 to anyone . It 's perhaps a little overpowered for the really casual user who just wants to make a few voice calls , but even for that sort of person it has all the features they 'd want . For a power user who does n't want a big smartphone like the 3650 it is ideal - particularly if you use Bluetooth.You might want to wait for the Z600 to be available in the US , which is apparently even better .
 Good sleek design , big display , really like the joystick . This phone is really superb but its software sucks . Phone freezes frequently and in many cases you will need to take the battery out to switch it off -LRB- because the power switch does not work when it freezes -RRB- . Another issue is that it wo n't connect to internet -LRB- t-zones in T-Mobile -RRB- again without restarting the phone . It appears that the software which controls this phone has some issues . Despite these issues I am very happy with the phone . Like to mention that T-Mobile provides `` the best '' customer service .
 This mobile is really good . It is a lot faster in operation of the menus than my previous phones -LRB- Siemens , Nokia -RRB- The memory is a bit small , but you only run into problems if you take too many photos . I was disapointed that you have to pay for t-zones to send photos to email addresses , but instead you can always transfer the photo via IR to your computer and attach it manually . The little joystick nub thingy takes a little getting used to , but it really makes things easy to navigate . I do n't know how to switch between networks manually on the phone but that is n't such a big deal as there is coverage most everywhere I go .
 I enjoy the phone a lot . It 's small , good battery life , syncs contacts and calendar with my computer , has a built-in camera , etc. . The only 2 complaints I have with the T610 is : - Only OK reception - Not enough memory to really enjoy the camera or recordingsT-mobile 's service and plans have been great to me , but the network has been dodgy . Some places get outstanding reception , some places terrible . The real kicker is that sometimes the distance between 5-bars and 0-bars is only a couple of feet . While driving you especially notice , as often calls will get dropped .
 i got this phone mainly as a poorman 's pda -LRB- contact and calender manager -RRB- . i got the TRENDware bluetooth USB adapter along with it . it syncs up great w / software from trendware as well as the software from sony ericson after some early pitfalls setting up the software . reception on the phone is like any other phone i 'd used before.like others i experienced issues where the phone will just hang and the only way i can get out of that state is to pull the battery . this kinda sucks and i hope there is a fix out there . but all in all i 'm happy with my phone because of the price and bluetooth : -RRB-
 Hi The defects with this phone : Cant see the screen clearly in daylight ... Gets smudgy very quickly ... Keypad is little bit small for people who have thick fingers like me.But I have gotten exceptionally thick thumbs ... Phone is little bit slow with commands ... but i guess that is ok with all the software and memory into it.Technology has not yet advanced so much ... i have to turn off the phone and turn it back on to get the signal sometimes ... i dont know whether that is a normal procedure with other phones.A little bit smaller screenphone gets locked sometimes and wont respond to the power off button.so i have to take the battery out and put it back in to power it one again.happens once in a while ... phone asked for unlock code all of a suddent ... tmobile cust serv helped me out ... strange , , , , The advantages of this phone : Exceptionally good reception . Great color screenVery good camera for a cameraphoneUnique feature is that u can set voice automated profiles ... Like I walk into a meeting , , , , i say ` MEETING ' and the phone goes into a silent mode ... i say ` outdoors ' and it goes into a different modeVery good service with TMobile for me in the bay area.I mountain bike and ski a lot and take the phone up lot of remote woods and hills ... reception is still good up at all these places.Very good reception up DOnner summit too !!!! Check that out !!! Phone came with a hands free for me ... FYITmobile cust service is the best i have ever seen.very cordial and Lightning fast service ... Reception is very poor in milpitas -LRB- near great mall -RRB- at my buddy 's place ... beware . . on the whole , the phone is a VERY VERY GOOD buy ... I recommend buying it from Amazon as they have some good pricing with cash backs and patient customer service .
 This is the best phone I 've purchased since a long time , Its looks , its reception and with all other features make it a great buy . There are many good features in this phone like Jog Dial , Camera , Organizer , Password-Protect , Infrared , Bluetooth and the most important one is GPRS . with right plan , you can check all your mails on the go . The installation is a breeze and it even easily synchronises with my Clie TG-50 . Also , you get free ringtones , wallpapers , themes from Sony Ericsson website . What more do you want !
 hey yo all , this is one slick fone ! I need me a sugar daddy to git me some stuff from this website . This fone looks fantastic . Somebody know how to make cool stuff .
 I had to switch from an old Ericsson R278 when its antennae broke off . I was n't sure if I wanted another Ericsson because I had been very , very dissatisfied with the R278 . The signal was lousy , and it constantly dropped calls on the AT&T Wireless network . The phone itself was bulky and never clipped right on my belt . However I have been pleasantly surprised with the T610 . This phone is great . It has a compact size and fits perfectly in any pocket . It can get a signal from my house . Do n't use the camera as much as I 'd like , but it 's a nice feature . With the great rebates and the Bluetooth , it 's well worth it . And switching to T-Mobile has been great as well .
 Now that I have used the SE T610 phone for almost 2 months with my Palm Zire 72 and HP IPAQ 4155 , I must give it 5 stars for the following reasons :1 -RRB- The Camera is great . The pictures come out real clear and beautiful after you send it via Email . Please do n't judge the quality of the pictures by what you see on the T610 . I admit that the pictures look a little fuzzy on the T610 . But with only 2MB of memory the purpose of taking pictures is to upload them or send them via Email to others . The quality of the pictures improves dramatically once they are sent and viewed via one 's PC .2 -RRB- The Bluetooth features on this phone are outrageous . I have paired my SE T610 using T-Mobile 's unlimited VPN GPRS Data Service with my Palm Zire 72 , HP IPAQ 4155 , and Logitech Mobile Wireless Bluetooth Headset and Performance is Great . If you got a Bluetooth enabled Palm or Pocket PC , then this is the phone for you . Sony Ericsson was in on the ground floor on this Bluetooth Revolution . I send data via my Pocket PC and Palm to my SE T610 via Bluetooth in a flash . Moreover , web surfing is much faster than I thought via Bluetooth .3 -RRB- I have absolutely NO problem with signal strength or clarity of voice calls in NYC where I primarily use this phone . Where I go in the boroughs of Queens , Bronx , Manhatten , Brooklyn and Nassau County -LRB- with the exception of Garden City -RRB- is great.People need to realize that T-Mobile does not have the extensive network that Verizon or even Sprint has . So , if you are looking to buy this phone to use with the T-Mobile Network , I can enthusiastically recommend it if you live in most of NYC -LRB- outside of Staten Island -RRB- . However , you need to do your own due diligence and check out in advance whether this phone will perform well with your service provider in the area where you live .
 I was first drawn to this phone because of its appearance , but it 's got a lot more to offer than just that . I live in Omaha , and the only time I have problems with reception is when I 'm in a basement or something . It has one button access to the internet , where you can download games , ringtones , check e-mail , etc. . It comes with voice recognition , `` joystick '' controller , and one button access to the built-in camera . The only negative I have found is the somewhat grainy photographs , which may turn out better when enlarged . It also comes with an organizer , several games -LRB- minigolf and a few others -RRB- , and easy text messaging . The battery life is VERY good . I find that I only have to charge mine every five days or so with light use , and it charges fully in a little over an hour . It 's lightweight and easy to travel with . I highly recommend this phone , and would have given it 41/2 stars if I could have .
 This is an excellent phone with plenty of features . The only bad part is that when the key gets stuck , the entire OS needs to be rebooted for it to function well . Simply remove the battery and place it back in a few seconds . Outdoors , you may need to hold the phone at an awkward angle or change the contract to view the screen . Besides these two problems , this phone has been providing excellent service over the past 6 months .
 I came into the game late , waiting for a good phone -LRB- but not necessarily a PDA . -RRB- This phone has every feature I could anticipate for the next few years , including bluetooth and IR connectivity . It can also be unlocked and used in Canada or Europe with their local SIM cards . T-Mobile gets mixed reviews but I 've had no problems with them ... they have excellent coverage of the West and East Coasts of the US . They 're also the only GSM network in the US -LRB- other than Cingular , which does suck -RRB- that I know of , so for me it 's a no-brainer .
 I just love this phone for its great connectivity and how much it helps me staying organized and connected . I use a laptop and all my appointments and contacts are stored on Outlook . After I got this phone , I was so pleased to see that I can just point my cell phone at the IR port of my laptop and voila I have all my info on my cell phone . The cell phone reminds me my meetings and schedules . It is just so usefulAlso , I travel a lot and I was happy to discover that now I can connect to my Univ 's dial up server while I am on the go through my cell phone at full 56kbps badnwidth . I used to spend $ 10 for connecting at each airport . It is so convinient to be able to check your e-mail from anywhere without paying any extra money , besides using your minutes . The phone has GPRS , hence this decently high speed connection . I did this dial up through IR port of my laptop , so no extra cables or hardware to buy.The camera is of course low quality , wish it were VGA -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- , instead of QVGA -LRB- 352x288 -RRB- . But , in any case , the best part is , you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR , or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone . I have a nice piture uploaded from my laptop to the phone and set as the background.All in all , I love this phone . The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face . I would strongly recommend this phone to anyone who does n't really care for the camera but likes to have a full featured phone . The signal reception is a bit weaker , as shown by the number of bards . However , the quality of voice has always been as good as I have had with other cell phones.What a difference this phone has made in my life being organized , with all my contacts and schedules right on my phone , without my having to laboriously entering them on the phone 's keypad .
 6 months ago I was looking for a light and camera phone.Since then I recomanded it to all my family members and friends.It is very light , pocket phone elegant with its double color dress , silver and black - I recommend it for a buisness use too.The bluetooth let me synchronize to my office computer in a sec.I upload pictures , data -LRB- calendar , appointments -RRB- voice notes etc. . . and you can hook it to your PDA or laptop for an internet connection . One word
 This is a really good phone . Easy menu operation , nice screen , good frame.The one problem I had , and reading the reviews I can see other poeple had , is that the phone freezes a lot . I had this happen twice on my first phone so I called t-mobile and they sent another . That phone froze on me as well . The entire phone locks up and there is nothing you can do to get it to work until ... I DISCOVERED THE PROBLEM ! The phone does n't actually freeze , it 's the buttons on the keypad that get stuck ! If you have this happen , look closley at the keypad , you will see that a number -LRB- mine was 7 -RRB- on the keypad pushed in too far . Just flick it back out with a finger nail and the phone will work agian . It seems that if a key gets stuck , the phone wo n't be able to do anything until you pop it back up . Other than that it is a good phone .
 I just bought this phone and I 'm pretty happy with it . I was n't going to get it because I really did n't want a camera . But since it was free after rebates ... you ca n't beat that since it also came with a free bluetooth headset which works great.Just have to keep an eye on the pictures you take because it only has 2MB of space and it fills quick . Do n't download ringtones or wallpapers from t-mobile . At 99 cents a pop , it 's expensive for what you get . Get a bluetooth usb adapter for your pc or use the IR feature that notebooks have . Using that you can send wallpapers and MIDI files to your phone for free . Do a Yahoo search for `` midi files '' and you 'll find collections that people have . I just downloaded a bunch of TV sounds like `` Looney Tunes . '' My only complaint is not with the phone , but with T-Mobile . I used them when I lived in Germany and like GSM however over here the coverage is n't as good as my old service Verizon . The signal is n't as strong at home and I do n't get a signal at all at my friends . Verizon is a bit more pricey and they do n't have a good selection of phones . T-Mobile is cheaper , has better phones you can use the phone in Europe . Hopefully T-Mobile with expand their GSM coverage . I guess each company has it pluses and minuses . The T610 Phone gets 5 stars , T-Mobile gets 4 only for lack of coverage . I 'd give Verizon 4 starts because of the costs -LRB- they get you with the fees -RRB- and poor selection of cool phones . Good luck .
 First , the most amazing thing about the phone is its size ! This is the smallest phone I have ever seen , and the fact that it includes a camera , bluetooth , and pda functionality is simply stunning . Reception was awesome with T-Mobile . Even in my apartment where Sprint and AT&T barely work , everything was solid during an hour long conversation and the person could hear me loud and clear . They could even hear me putting away dishes ! I really liked the joystick-based navigation , which made browsing through menus easy and precise . The camera was average , about the same as Sanyo 8100 . There are a few negatives that keep this phone just short of a 5 star rating . Probably the biggest is lack of speakerphone , which I found surprising for a $ 200 phone . I guess they 're assuming you 'll go for the wireless headset , but for me , speakerphone is a convenience I just ca n't do without . I felt the phone was almost too small at first , difficult to keep in your hand and easy to press the wrong buttons , but was able to adjust in a few days . The biggest problem for me though was the lack of the standard `` call '' and `` end '' keys . Placing and ending calls was easy enough to figure out , but getting out of the internet requires bringing up the `` more '' menu and selecting exit . I kept having to remind myself of this procedure . I should note I did n't get to work with the pda features much or try syncing with my computer , as installing the software required Microsoft Outlook , which I do n't have.All and all , a great little phone . If you want something small and light and do n't mind not having a speakerphone , I would definately recommend .
 I have had a lot of phones over 3 years -LRB- from nokia 3390 , 3395 , siemens , samsun ngh625 and lastly T616 -RRB- and now i just recently bought two 610 's . They are a piece of art . I have never loved any phone this much . And for the price -LRB- 100 dollars back in pocket -RRB- there is no comparison.The ring tones are amazing , the contacts manager is just great . I love the bluetooth and sync it with my laptop all the time with my outlook . I love the feature of associating photos taken from the camera with the contacts so that when you get a call the photo pops up.Sound quality and reception has been comparable to most phones i had -LRB- i was on cingular and just moved to tmobile -RRB- . The buttons might be a little small for someone with huge hands but they are fine.The gprs also works great to surf and email from the phone or surf the web from your bluetooth pc.The IRDA also works well but why use the slow connection when you have faster bluetooth.I have tried syncing between phones , pc , pda and everything works great.A must have if this is your first or the 50th
 I bought this phone almost exactly a year ago . I decided to write a review after seeing some negative reviews that seem unfounded . First off , if your phone does n't work from the get-go , then you have a defective unit and should purchase another . But let 's move on ... Pros :1 . The sound quality of the phone is great -LRB- not the best -RRB- 2 . Terrific connectivity options - I use the bluetooth so that I can browse the web w / my PDA . Oh , and despite the fact that is phone is WAP enabled , you still must purchase the WAP from your provider -LRB- as one reviewer failed to see , just because a computer comes ready to connect to the internet does n't mean that they provide you internet service for free -RRB- . Also , the irDA port can be used the same way . Plus you can get a bluetooth headset and just throw your phone in a bag/pocket and use the voice commands .3 . The themes and games are fun and nice way to personalize the phone . You can get more games from the internet to send to your phone .4 . Built-in camera . This is definitely not a great camera , but it will suffice for an impromptu photo-op when you would n't normally have a camera handy . Plus , add the pictures I take of my friends to their numbers so that when they call their picture shows up .5 . Very long battery life . This phones battery has outperformed any that I have ever had .6 . Price . Especially if you buy from Amazon.com , enough said .7 . The menu is very intuitive and you can add shortcuts to your favorite items like alarm or calculator , etc. . Plus the menu stick can be programmed to bring certain things up depending on which way you push it from the default screen.And now on to the CONS ... 1 . The screen is VERY hard to see in sunlight . Not impossible , but very annoying .2 . I find the phone 's volume to be satisfactory on the highest setting when on a busy street , but not as loud as I would have hoped .3 . Ring volume . The ring needs to be LOUDER . I have missed calls because of this . It ca n't compare to some of the motorola and samsung phones that I have seen .4 . Signal strength . This phone does have good signal strength , but it seems like most newer phones are better . So if that is MOST important to you , you should see what it is like in your area . In the DC metro , I have great coverage except in some large buildings , whereas my wife 's phone does a little better . So basically the quality degrades more quickly , but the sound is still good at low signal strength.That 's pretty much it . I think it 's a great phone , but I wish the screen was more visible in sunlight and that it was louder . I do recommend this phone , especially if you have the `` toys '' to take advantage of all of its features -LRB- bluetooth headset , laptop or PDA -RRB-
 I 've only owned this phone for 2 days . I bought the T610 primarily for the Bluetooth . The Bluetooth setup on my Ipaq 4155 was real simple . It just took me literally 60 seconds to set it up . However , when I clicked `` save password '' on the Bluetooth setup screen on my Ipaq 24 hours later , I began to have trouble connecting . So , I had to delete the whole setup and set it up from scratch again . Now it 's fine . I found T-Mobile to be completely clueless on how to setup Bluetooth . When I talk to their customer service reps , I `` get '' less not `` more '' . Now I just let the username and password screen come up empty every time I connect to Bluetooth and click OK and then I connect right away . Strange.The phone works fine here in all the places I went to in Manhatten and Queens in NYC . Reception was fine . The first day I had the phone I surfed the web for 4 hours using the Bluetooth and made about 45 minutes in calls . I had to recharge it . The battery was acceptable for it being on all day and for the way I used it.I had to call Ericcsson technical support to find out that holding down the ' 7 ' key creates a pause for my other landline telephone codes and brokerage accounts . The manual never mentioned this.I 'm a Super Geek and I found it a little difficult to set this whole phone up . I 'm giving it 4 stars because I like the features . The joystick is cool . But the menus ' are not very intuitive.I have n't tried the camera yet . But I did n't buy this phone for the camera . I bought it for the Bluetooth . After using Sprint for over 6 years , I just find it a little wierd that I have to copy my data to a Sim Card in order to get my contacts positioned in the speed dial slots I want on the phone.There are just lots of menus here . If the Bluetooth continues to work out , it will be worth it .
 This handset is awesome . There is no problem with the reception also . It just works great . To test the reception , I changed my SIM to another phone that I had -LRB- earlier t-mobil handset -RRB- and the signal strength is the same . Apart from sleek looks and good batttery life this handset just rocks out of box . It has bluetooth and infra red connectivity other than tons of other features packed in this powerfull handset . I can connect my laptop to internet through the infrared connectivity of the cellphone -LRB- no additional stuff needed -RRB- . It would have been better with few navigational shortcuts specially like entering a number in addressbook but I have seen no problem in using it . This phone has all the technology available in market except taking videos or listening to mp3 but for it 's price , it simply rocks . Features to personalize -LRB- ring tones/types , pictures , shortcuts , browsing , alarm , organizer , voice memo , messaging/email , games , camera etc -RRB- are very cool . Reception is not a problem though I feel it 's fine per t-mobile network . There are other carriers with wider netword but frankly speaking , in 98 % of the times , that 's not needed . I had been using Sprint for 3 years and have now switched to t-mobile family plan -LRB- my wife was using t-mobile for 2 years without a problem -RRB- . This phone is GSM tri-band and works in most of the countries . Got for it and enjoy !!
 I received this phone yesterday . Intially , I ordered the other model T616 with AT&T . There was nothing wrong with phone but my phone came with long distance number from my home area . AT&T could not resolve this issue in timely manner plus lately , AT&T customer service is at worst as their systems are down most of the time and the wait time to reach customer service is way to long -LRB- 45 minutes to an hour OR sometime they dont answer the call at all -RRB- . So , I ordered T610 with T-Mobile and so far everything is great . Sorry , AT&T as I lost faith in your services . This phone has lots of neat features . I used to have Nokia 8210 model which was small enough to fit in my pocket . T610 is almost the same size and I am hoping that , it will last for long time as my Nokia 8210 did . This phone is very well designed . I am pleased with this phone . Now , Nokia has tough competition now .
 I like this item B0000AGRYX very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
 I dont have one but my coach does , and when i have to call for a ride , it is the highlight of my day , well other than practice . Anyway , this is so fun , so many features . What are you guys whining about ? This is a awesome phone . If you dont like it , you could write letters or some thinng dumb or pointless .
 LA VERDAD EL SONY ERICSSON EN UN GRAN TELEFONO MOVIL YO HE TENIDO MAS DE CINCO TELEFONOS ERICSSON Y ESTE ME HA SALIDO MUY BUENO TAMTO LOS OTROS
 I want to buy it and tell me the procedure that I can but it in Quetta , Pakistanif you have any solution about this kindly mail it or can call me +92-300-3824727
 The phone looks great and works nicely but occasionally it will freeze up -- then you 'd have to remove and reinsert the battery . That is the only glicth I 've encountered . I bought it using a coupon from UnderTag.com , so it was a real bargain .
 I just got a bluetooth headset for this phone , and the Voice-Control features of this phone are simply amazing . Was driving a few hundred miles last weekend and made two dozen calls on the way without every touching the phone . I customize the wallpaper and ringtones from muwap.com , so my phone is `` totally me '' now .
 You want one of the best cell phones in the market , this is what you 're looking for ! great size , lots of great functions , very complete . The digital camera it is n't that geat though , but it can be very funny .
 I get a new phone every year . This is the best one yet . The Bluetooth handsfree is a MUST HAVE .
 This Phone has all usefull featurs that you need . Just go for it , specially when Amazon has a good deal on this phone now .
 phone is very good with all advanced features
 This is the sixth phone i have used in the past two years and the only phone that I deemed fit to hold on to for an year now . Come this christmas , this phone would celebrate its first and sadly last anniversary with me.In the past i have used Siemens A56 , Nokia 3595 , nokia 6340i , a sony ericsson t326 and a motorola v66 . This is by far the best phone I have had.Reception
 Oh its a good phone but im writing this review to see others reviews
 HI ! i 'm not telling you my name but i will tell you that i bought your cellphone . it ; s the best one i 've had so far , but it could do better . your probably thinking what does she know about cellphones !? But i make them and so therefore i most probably know more about them than you do . So there ! it 's pretty good though !
 This phone speaks to me . . it advises me on the right diet , the right women , proper attire , what 's right and wrong . It reads me to sleep -LRB- it even lets me pick the book , usually ` Goodnight , Moon ' -RRB- and wakes me up and enourages me that my hair really does look good.It 's even my own private detective , it told me my girlfriend was cheating on me and it even shown me the pictures on it 's beautiful crisp digital screen . The answers to life lie within this creation . -LRB- `` Mr. Ericsson , I 'll be right there I 'm writing a review . Oh , ok lets go to the park . You know it is raining , you 're so spoiled . '' -RRB-
 I Want To Buy this phone at the given Price i.e. $ 125How do u Deliver itSend me E Mail on urvinay00@yahoo.com
 I have owned this phone for over a year now . It is a tri-band phone so I have used it mostly in US and in Europe for a couple of months.In general , I like it because it is a small phone with a large , hi-res screen . It has a bluetooth chip , so I can sync it with my computer and use a wireless headset . I dropped it on hard surfaces more than a couple of times , it is quite sturdy but the aluminium cover have some scratches on it , which I do n't mind.The reception is good in Chicago with T-Mobile . I guess the reception depends on where you live not on the phone . So I do n't really agree with people complaining about bad reception . The battery life is acceptable , after a year it still lasts about 50 hours with a single charge and an hour of talk daily . I did not have any trouble with the buttons or the screen.Some shortcomings
 OK so this phone is great ! I 've had it for a little under a year and i have almost no regrets ! The camera is pretty decent , but thats not the main point here ... the phone has pretty good reception , except for that one time where i went on vacation in wisconsin -LRB- i live in chicago -RRB- and i lost all signal for two weeks ! that was pretty bad ... cause wisconsin isnt that far away ! So if you live in chicago and you go on vacation a lot , dont get a t-mobile phone ! My friend has an LG phone and it picks up all the way in colorado and georgia ! So thats a flaw . The buttons are pretty good , they dont get jammed/stuck , ` cept for that one time that my friend spilled some of her frapuccino on my phone , but it still works ! The screen has great color and e-mailing your photos to your e-mail only costs about a quarter , so thats pretty good , concidering you can only store 12 or 15 photo 's . The design is small and compact which is good and its great for text messaging . I have had it freeze maybe once or twice , but it isnt so bad because all you have to do is take out the battery from the back and start it up again , its really a minor flaw . However , i think the biggest problem is the fact that it does not have an antena , because then its signal would be a lot stronger , concidering when im in my friends basement , i have no signal at all , and my phone says `` no network '' instead of saying `` t-mobile '' . But thats only certain areas , so , all in all , the phone is great !
 I really have n't had any problems with my phone , bad service at times but thats not the phones fault i belive it is the carrier . The one thing i do n't like about my phone is that the camara does n't take very good pictures . They are very fuzzy ! But overall it is a good phone and it has been good to me !
 First of all , I 've used Sony Ericsson T610 with both Cingular and T-Mobile service and found them comparable in Los Angeles -LRB- Verizon is best here -RRB- . From comparing all three phones -LRB- Nokia 6230 , Sony Ericsson T610 , and Motorola V551 -RRB- with Cingular service , I 've discovered that there is a * BIG * difference in phone reception quality.Phone reception quality is as follows
 I 'd held off purchasing a mobile phone til one came out that did n't look like crap . I was never a fan of the cheap plasticky phones that most everyone had.This phone reminds me of the Audi TT . Compact , but with a solid , almost Germanic , feel and look . And while it is a very good looking phone it 's in a rather understated , utilitarian way . It attracts attention , but it does n't look like it 's trying to.I 've toyed with the idea of buying some new face plates for it , but after nearly a year , I find the jet black on brushed ` aluminium ' is still aesthetically pleasing . It 's made of plastic , but it is so well done you could be forgiven for thinking it was brushed aluminium.The camera is nothing special to shout about . Has a timer which is nice . No zoom though . Should someone prang your car it 'll do a decent job of providing photo evidence of what happened.I would recommend it . I 've been on the look out for a new phone to replace it with , but have yet to find one that looks or feels better than this .
 This phone is ultimately sexy ! It 's so slim and feels perfect in your hand . Fast keypad for texting . And It has great storage space . Well T-mobile is n't the greatest service , but hey if I had to choose between a sexy phone or good reception , I 'd definately go with the great celly . If you 're yet undecided with your purchase , I would strongly advise you to buy this little puppy .
 I ca n't give it 5 stars , because that would mean there 's nothing that can be improved , and that 's just ridiculous ... I have read a lot of reviews on here , and it seems that more people complain about T-Mo 's service than the phone they 're supposed to be reviewing . NO MOBILE CARRIER IS PERFECT!That being said ... this phone is terrific ! Very easy to use - I skimmed the manual and was breezing thru everything the phone could do . Reception is fine for most cases . The only exception is when I 'm at school , in the middle of nowhere , inside the building . Go outside , and all 's good . Even with 1 bar reception , sound quality is good . The joystick is a bit tough to manage if you have larger hands , but that too was learned quick enough , and it 's a nice feature instead of constant button-clicking to navigate menus . Bluetooth , voice commands , and picture call-ID were all very easy to set-up . To the majority of the complaints I have seen on here , I have to say : * It 's a PHONE - having a camera in it is a bonus . * T-Mo 's service - try Cing * lar and tell me you do n't have billing problems . * Easily scratched/smudged - so 's a new car , but I 'm not gon na run out and buy a rustbucket to avoid it !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Using the app , I was able to upload/download ringtones , themes , backup my address book , delete unwanted files on the phone , etc , straight from my computer keyboard , without having to touch all those tiny buttons on the phone . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and those tiny phone buttons are a pain for me sometimes , but I 'll live with it , as the rebates are giving me free phone service for 5 months . Plus , T-mobile will let get you the 1000 minute plan for 40 bucks , how cool is that ? Pretty good , you do n't get rollover yet , but I 'm sure they 'll get something comparible to Cingular soon . Like all cell phones , your reception is dependent on the phone and the towers in your area . I have only one bar reception at my house , and I 'm able to have decent converations all the time with only a few dropouts . I recommend this phone and service .
 This phone is very good and the reception problem posted by folks is not a phone problem but network problem . try comparing it with another devide and you will know the answer . I think there is 14 days to return in case it 's not upto your liking !?
 This phone has tons of features . I 've only had it for a few days and did a little searching and found sites with free ringtones , games , and wallpapers . I bought a usb bluetooth adapter and now I can transfer files back and forth from my phone . I did a bit more searching and found out how to control winamp from my phone . The reception could be better , but its not terrible , I 've had 1 bar on the phone and still had good reception.Pros : Many FeaturesGreat LookingGreat PriceCons : Smudges easilynot enough memoryThere are better phones out there , but for a phone that your getting money back , ya ca n't really complain too much . As for T-mobile service , have n't had any problems , but I 've only had the phone a few days . One complaint
 I love this phone ! My only complaints are it needs more ram and there is noticable flicker on the display . 2mb does n't cut it for a camera phone . Even when the signal meter is in the red I can make crystal clear calls and have not had any dropped . T-mobiles customer service is a nice change coming from Nextel !
 I got one of theas phone back in October and i thought it was cooler than sliced bread . However i soon learnd that it just did ` nt have the internal memory to preform all of it 's functions smothly and is prone to crash or lock up . Cool phone lots of extras like blue tooth and camera but might be a little ahead of it 's time .
 I ordered the sony t610 + T-mobile on the 24th of dec on amazon since a two hundred dollar rebate on the hundred dollar phone phone was quite irrestible . I had my reservations though and I went over the return policy of both amazon and t-mobile very carefully.Even though I ordered it with super-saver free shipping , it reached me on the 29th -LRB- just 2 working days -RRB- . I am in love with this phone ever since.Pros :1 . Reception/Clarity
 I have this phone for about 2 weeks now . Actually , I had to order a second piece of the same phone as the bluetooth wo n't work in the first phone . I was a bit apprehensive about getting this phone and T-Mobile service . Firstly because I had read lot of bad reviews about T-Mobile and secondly because I was not sure how it will work with Amazon . But I was pleasantly surprised with the customer service that I received from Amazon . I did not find any customer service number on their website . I hesitantly contacted the customer service using the form provided on the website . I got response in about 3hrs . And I the replacement phone next day . Its working fine . Enough about Amazon , here are the Pros and Cons of the phonesPros -- Small , light weight , blue tooth , infrared , WAP enabled with GSM -LRB- so it should work throughout the world -RRB- - Free sync software comes with the phone . Easy to synchronize the outlook contacts with the phone . - Camera is easy to use . - The menu layout is easy to use and intutive . - My experience with T-Mobile customer service was very good.Cons -- Small buttons . - Some of the common menus -LRB- text messaging etc -RRB- need couple of clicks to get there . - Camera resolution is not good . - The software that comes with the phone is not easy to use . - T-Mobile reception is not necessarily good at all the places .
 Seriously . Stop expecting so much from a phone that you were PAID to take . In fact , if you do order this phone , expect it to be a piece of junk . Then , when you get it , and you may or may not find that it is n't , you wo n't be disappointed either way.I am quite disgusted by anyone who rated this phone less than 4 stars . Take the value of this deal into consideration , not just how well the phone works . If someone paid me $ 150 to take something , I would n't care HOW bad it was.And if it turns out that you truly hate this phone and can not live with it - then you do n't have to . All you have to do is get a phone that you LIKE off ebay or amazon marketplace . -LRB- Make sure it is a gsm phone that can be used with T-Mobile - gsm 1900 mhz . -RRB- A Nokia 3595 or 6010 will be just fine for someone who just wants to call and send text messages , and they cost less than $ 50 . Feature-filled phones will obviously cost more . Once you get the phone , take your sim out of your t610 and pop it in the other one . Now you can sell your t610 on ebay . In fact , you might end up making even more money . -LRB- Example
 From the Bluetooth capabilities to the faster interface , this phone is where it 's at . If you are looking for a full featured phone with a compact size , check no further . The only qualm I had with the phone was the limited choices of carrying cases offered by Sony Ericsson , and the battery life when used heavily with a bluetooth headset . I was able to find a leather sleave carrier at my local T-Mobile store . If you use the bluetooth feature alot , be sure to get a car charger with the phone !
 this is a brilliant phone i would recommemd to not anyone but everyone . you 'll love taking pictures & sending them to you mates with this high resollution colour screen . also great games are available from java . all at a resonable price !
 When I went shopping for a camera phone , it came down to the T610/T616 or the Nokia 3650 . The menuing system on the T610 is great . It 's only counter intuitive in a few places . One small problem is that I organize my address book in levels -LRB- i.e. by name , and then I drill down into the name to get the numbers -RRB- . When organized this way , the voice dialing only lets you assign a voice-tag to the primary phone number of any particular name . That means if I want to assign a voice-tag to my friends cell phone AND home phone , I have to break-out his information into 2 seperate entries in my address book.One of the main reasons I got it , was for the Bluetooth functionality , which works great . I got a free Jabra BT-200 Bluetooth headset in a package deal from Amazon , and it works flawlessly with the phone . Connecting to my laptop via Bluetooth and dialing out to the internet works very well.The screen looks great , and at 65k colors , it beats out the Nokia 3650 's 4k significantly . It 's not TFT , so it 's somewhat difficult to see during the day.The polyphonic ringtones sound great , though it 's difficult to get just the correct volume . I always think mine is too loud.I had reception problems in my area using AT&T ; -LRB- T616 -RRB- , but everything is great with T-Mobile -LRB- T610 -RRB- . Other than some OEM menu customization , the phones are identical.The one drawback is the camera . I did n't get into this expecting great pictures , but the picture quality is pretty bad . The Nokia 3650 has VGA -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- quality pictures and an upgradable 16MB storage chip . The LARGE pics on the T610 are 288x352 , which might account for the non-upgradable 2MB of storage space that 's available . You must have near perfect conditions to take a picture that 's not blurry . Plenty of bright light and a steady hand . There is a ` Night Mode ' for low-light picture taking , but it does n't seem to help much.When it comes down to it , I picked the T610 over the 3650 for it 's size ... it 's significantly smaller than the Nokia . I do n't want a brick in my pocket , and I 'll gladly sacrafice a little quality for convenience and portability .
 Can I say that the only thing that sucks about this phone is the fact that I 'm addicted to it ??! It 's unbelievable . Color screen is very very good , and the features are endless . I 'm still finding all sorts of communication tools on the phone that blow me away . A buddy of mine down the hall has a Nokia 3650 . I told him to switch the Bluetooth on , and so now I 've been sending him ringtones , data , pictures . . anything . Amazing stuff . Another girl I know just an infrared port , but I 've been sending her all sorts of multimedia stuff through that as well . Okay so that 's the part that 's new to me . Beyond that , the quality of the phone is exceptional ... I really like the look of the phone ... seems like Sony is going to back to its older days but incorporating amazing technology in a timeless design . The phone is light , feels very solid , and is beautiful to look at . The sound quality is perfect , the voice commands are endless . I just ca n't say enough about the phone . You will NOT be sorry you bought this , especially if you 're a gadget geek like myself . Enjoy it !
 Trust me everyone , you go out and buy a flip phone you will be SORRY ! This Sony T610 has fallen from my hands on the cement like 10 times and it has not yet been broken . The scratches are barely visible on the black faceplate . This phone has been made to be really durable.Now , this phone is also compact and extremely light . Another pro . Personally I do not like flip phones because they break in an instant if you drop them.If you take care of this T610 it will take care of your needs . If you do n't like the games , no problem , either buy a data cable and transfer or jsut download them from your service provider 's internet service.T-mobile is great for me so far , its service is great in L.A.TRUST ME EVERYBODY , YOU SHOULD BUY THIS PHONE ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Overall , I think that it 's a safe investment in a mobile phone . One sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly , there 's always a race to have the best.Right now , this phone is one of the best , without the 300 + pricetag . If you 're paying 300 for it , you are n't getting a good deal.Clear reception , included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the R225 Samsung.Great display . Only downside is the wiping it off thing . Oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface . Very clear pictures and nice graphics.I give it a 10 out of 10 .
 I was scared to get this phone cuz of some of the negetive reviews that I saw but im happy that I got this phone . it is true that its hard to see the screen in the bright day light and I always have to wipe the screen of cuz it gets dirty , but my biggest concern is the reception of the phone . sometimes I dont have any reception but all I have to do is to look at the phone for few seconds and it would work , I still have not gotten the full reception in my whole area yet but it works just fine . I read a reviwe that says a bar in sonny ericsson phone means two bars in other phone and I am starting to believe that .
 I got this phone for Christmas expecting the Nokia 3650 , but was still very pleased . Comparing this phone to my friend 's Nokia 3650 I found a few pros and cons between themBut focusing on the T616 , this ia great phone and easy to use . Although I have n't taken advantage of the personal ring tones , pictures , and email I still am very entertained and it has the largest availability of games to download -LRB- for 2 dollars -RRB- . I did n't receieve this phone from Amazon though so I have no complaints about the service . The only complaints I have is the resolution of the pictures -LRB- I know it is only a phone but compared to all the other camera phones on the market right now it is very poor -RRB- , and the small amount of memory storage for saving pictures -LRB- after only 17 pictures I ran out of memory and had to delete some of the pictures that came with the phone . All-in-all the voice commands are a huge breeze and wireless internet can let you keep up to date on current stocks , news , and wheather reports .
 I 've had mine for almost two months now and I 'm happy with all aspects of this wonderful powerful phone . Will definitely buy another S-E phone again in the future . I still do n't like T-Mobile 's coverage and especially service support , but this phone is a star . Some may find teh buttons a bit too small , but they are well-spaced so fine for my large hands . Voice clarity is superb for me , and the quality/durability is great .
 I really am enjoying this phone.The good
 This is great phone to tell your friends where you are . you can do this with its high resollution colour screen and camera . the games that are available from java are the best around . this camera is great for bragging to your friends as they will be really jealous if you have this phone !
 Well , ever since I saw the T-610 for the first time , I knew that it had to be mine , so finally I got it and I must say that I was really pleased with it , it fulfilled all of my expectations , it 's classy design makes it look great , and it has a wide reception area so it 's nice.Cons , there are always cons :1 . The phone scratches way too easily , and that can get a bit annoying after a while .2 . The camera ai n't that good , but it gets the job done , after all , it 's a cellphone camera , not a 700 MegaPixels , so nevermind .3 . The increasing ring can get a bit annoying 'cause you ca n't listen the phone ringing and may lose a call.But that 's about it , now the pros .1 . The phone scratches easily , but Sony Ericsson includes a little towel thing to clean it up .2 . Bluetooth . It 's bluetooth conectivity makes up a big pro on having this phone , I 've been playing games against friends using the Bluetooth device , plus if you have a USB Bluetooth adapter for your computer , you can download stuff and then send it to your phone , and viceversa , you can get online using your cellphone .3 . Infrared . Another great conectivity thingie , which makes up for a phone that can send and receive stuff with other devices that have infrared or bluetooth -LRB- handhelds , PCs , laptops , other cellphones , etc -RRB- . I could keep on going with good comments about the T610 , but if you want a good looking , and good working cellphone , the Sony Ericsson T610 is the best choice , you wo n't be disappointed
 I just got this phone last week and I can not stop talking about how great it is . It 's small , lightweight and it has a camera ! The camera is n't the best I 've seen on phones , but it 's pretty good for taking quick snapshots of things you want to remember . The screen is large and easy to see , and the backlight is very bright . The best thing is the reception on this phone . My house is in a bit of a dead spot , and on my old phone , the people I 'd call would complain about not being able to hear me , but with the new phone , I do n't have that problem .
 I 've been using my T610 from T-Mobile for 3 months . I needed a phone , that would have a camera , color display and support bluetooth technology and internet access . I found one.T610 has a camera and bluetooth - I like both these features very much . For example , bluetooth is very convenient to have an access to the phones pictures , melodies and themes from anything supports bluetooth technology . I use my desktop , my notebook and my iPAQ as well . Besides I can use a wireless headset , and I use it even when I do n't drive . And of course I use my T610 when I surf the Internet of check my e-mail from the PDA -LRB- iPAQ h4155 -RRB- . The camera is not so perfect , but you can take small pictures in a moment you want . So T610 is the camera , that is always with me.And if we talk about phones with a color display , internet capabilities , a camera and bluetooth , there 's the only one competitor for T610 in the USA - Nokia 3650 . Well , I like Nokia phones . I 've been having three Nokias before
 I 've had this phone for about a month now and it really has n't given me any problems . The menus are well laid out and everything seems readily accessible . Also , the battery life is great . I can go 3 or 4 days without needing to recharge it . The phone is small and seems to be pretty durable . I carry it around in my pocket without any protection and it has n't become scratched or damaged . My only complaint is that the signal is n't that great . Though , it has n't really been a problem.The phone has stalled a couple of times , but nothing that took more than a few minutes to resolve . Also , I 've noticed that the only times it stalls is when I use a peripheral devices really quickly -LRB- like , going in to record a sound and immediately exiting , etc -RRB- . So as long as you take your time using the peripherals , you should be fine.If I had to pay anything for the phone , I would probably give it 4 stars . However , if you can get it for free with rebates , it 's a perfectly good phone , worthy of 5 stars .
 The phone is pretty good.Very light weight.The display is good , it has several themes . Well ... the camera is not that great ! if you compare with motorola V600 or Nokia6600 but for me Camera is something good to have in a Mobile but not an essential feature.Battery life is incredible.Its a world phone -LRB- Works in India :--RRB- -RRB- . It has some PDA functionalities like organiser , calender , tasks list , reminders.Has Bluetooth , its pretty cool.Doesnt have many interesting games though !
 1 I dont understand why companies insist on using the arcaic copper strips under the phones anymore . A real headset jack 2.5 '' is the best and most space conscious design , plus it does not stop working 3 months latter due to dirty contacts ! The headset jack is much smaller , less cluncky attachments , less prone to breakage , less prone to dirty contacts , a far superior design that has been out for 20 + years and is very universal use it please ! 2 Same issue with the power plug , use the standard circular power plug please ! Same benefits as above!I love this phone but the headset is totally useless now because of flaky connections as is the power connector . I hate plugging in the phone overnight to find out , yes it was hookedup but no the battery is still not charged . Or being in the car with the headset and I can hear people but they cant hear me . VERY ANNOYING ! Beyond this great phone . Oh yeah and the camera is useless but that is not that important to me so no prob .
 I got this phone around 2 weeks ago as a present . I 've had the T-Mobile plan with it , and it 's been working ok for me . There 's a lot of `` downspots '' where i get little to no service . It has it 's ups and downs though , i didnt have a service in the middle of a church but yet i had 3 bars or service 10 miles away from any land . The phone is great . It 's very light-weight and tough . When i was running to my riends house it slipped out of my pocket and fell about 2 or 3 feet onto the road ... the only thing that happened to it was some minor scratches and a little dent that i was able to bend out . The phone comes with 25 ring-tones , most of them are pretty kid oriented . There 's also an option to make ringtones on your phone , they give you some pre-programmed peices and you can put them together to create your own ring-tone ... and it 's all free . There 's also a built in camera , it 's a nice feature but kind of a joke because unless theres light it comes out very weird . There 's a night-mode feature that will get more details out of a picture without light , but it barely does anythinng . The color screen is nice , but like all other color screens it 's very hard to see outdoors in the light . It has voice activated dialing , answering -LRB- only works with handsfree set -RRB- , profile switching , and voice redialing . Another nice feature of this phone is that you can make and select profiles . The profiles are autimaticly set `` phone options '' . For example if you select the `` meeting '' profile it will change your phone to that profile and will have features that would fit in a meeting , like the ringtones are off , and it will vibrate . Really the only thing i do n't like about this phone is that it does n't have shortcuts that you can access by hitting a button , you have to go to the main menu and select shortcuts , to see all yours that you set . The games it comes with are n't that great , they only have four games that get very boring . The buttons are spced out enough that i can dial with my thumb and not hit other keys . It also has a design that makes it hard for buttons to get pressed when your carring it in your pocket . The voice dialing is n't that big of a deal because you have to hold a button down for a second before you say the name you programmed . Overall the phone itself is great with a few small problems and the service is generally good .
 This has been the best cell phone/service combination I have had in my 5 + years of cell phone ownership . I use about 2500 minutes a month and I could n't be happier . The phone is durable , has good reception , and is very advanced . I will never be able to go without Bluetooth again . Get the Jabra headset !
 I got Sony T610 5 months ago and I am satisfied with its performance so far . Battery talk time is quite reasonable . Blue tooth feature is very helpful in connecting to the computer . There are very few games on this cell phone . Overall it is a good deal .
 I have had this phone for 3 months now . Bought it on Amazon.com on Dec 29th 2003 . Let me tell you a feature if you are planning to take a family plan using the amazon.com deal . You can still do it with T-Mobile . Buy 2 or 3 phones individually with 3 separate plans -LRB- cheapo 19.99 plan -RRB- . As soon as you get it go to a T-Mobile store near your home/office and fill out a COR -LRB- Change of responsiblity -RRB- and pool it under one person in the family willing to accept the responsibility for the plan . The process takes about 2-3 days -LRB- or just 24hrs -RRB- . Once you get the confirmation that the phones have been pooled under a family plan -LRB- give them your email address and tell them to notify you when it is complete -RRB- only then start using the phones . Note
 This phone is a great buy ! The bluetooth works great with the Jabra headset . While the built-in camera does not take Photo quality pics , it does allow for some fantastic candid shots on the go . Battery life has not been an issue so far .
 Just a not
 I just bought phone and find it easy to use , easy to setup and also connect to other bluetooth devices.I only wish I could change fonts to larger size
 I ordered the phone 1/29/2004 and received it 2/2/2004 . I was nervous based on everyone 's experiences with delays . I 'll let you know about my phone review after I use it some . I hope the rebate is as fast .
 This phone offers everything you need . It 's like a secretary . The features include a calendar , internet , camera -LRB- etc. -RRB- . The camera is the best part because once someone in your phonebook has a picture , that picture shows up when they call or text you . The camera also comes with effects -LRB- B&W , Sepia or Negative -RRB- . For the games you get minigolf -LRB- pretty good -RRB- , deep abyss -LRB- like mario in a volcano -RRB- , and five stones -LRB- basically tic-tac-toe -RRB- . Any other questions just e-mail me .
 I decided to jump ship , and port my number from Sprint PCS to T-Mobile . This phone , with Bluetooth , the free Jabra Bluetooth headset , and - $ 100 price , won me over . I 've had it for one week now , and here are my thoughts on some of the debated items : RECEPTION
 Its simply awesome . What else to say ?
 I 've had my T610 for about 3 months now and I 'm still in love with it . I highly recommend getting a bluetooth adapter for your computer to take advantage of customizing this baby . I 've downloaded Midi files , games and photos off the web and copied them to the T610 for FREE ! No SMS charges or web site fees . It 's everything I wanted in a new cell phone . Camera , color display , fully customizable . It 's great . Battery life is still good . Standby about 3 to 4 days , talk about 3 to 5 hours , maybe more . The down side ... Color display hard to see in bright daylight -LRB- but not impossible -RRB- , it has frozen on me a few times , mostly with internet . Internal antenna may not be as strong as an external , but I usually get great reception even with only 1 bar showing -LRB- inside bldgs -RRB- . Highly recommend , might want to look into the T626 or T630 for better color display . Go get it !
 It 's a great little phone . Awesome downloadable ring tones , and the camera is useful enough for you to take quick pictures on the go . T mobile seems to have really good customer service reps. Amazon service reps kind of sucked though , so do n't anticipate much help from amazon .
 I have this phone for over a week now . No problem with reception quality as reported by some reviews . Best feature is that you can sync with outlook -LRB- over IR or USB -RRB- calender , tasks , address book !! Its a good looking phone ... better than Nokia , Motorola etc
 The scroller button in the middle is used for both moving around the screen and to click enter . Sometimes when you try to go up and down , it registers as pressing enter and it does get frustrating . Other than that , its a great buy .
 its a good phone , very compact and handy ... looks good.signalwise is ok ... but too many people have it . . very common phone . blue tooth is good . . only disadvantage is doesnt have speaker phone.difficult to see the screen in sunlight .
 Yep , its true ! This Sony Ericsson phone has everything . Text messaging , camera games , ringtones -LRB- downloadable -RRB- , and everything else . I got this phone and i love it . If you want something that can help you make a statment with out over doing it then this is the phone . Its not to big wear you cant put it in your pocket r purse and its not to small where you push every button on the phone trying to push one . Its perfect ! It doesnt weigh too much or too less . Its truly a good phone . So , when you buy it dont think you spent your money for nothing . Its a purchase well worth it and it last a really long time ! So , do whats best and get the phone really youll love yourself in the end .
 It maybe just one of the nice GSM phones in the world of GSM . However , it 's the best cell phone available in the US !
 I have n't had this phone for very long , but I think it 's so cool . It 's small enough to fit anywhere and the color screen is great . The best thing though , is the bluetooth . It lets me sync my PDA and my phone so I do n't have to constantly update my phone book in the phone . The bluetooth also lets me share pictures with friends if they have bluetooth . It 's so great !
 PRO :1 . Bluetooth = no more cables !! 2 . Compact and good battery life3 . Price = The best value4 . GSM TRI BAND 900/1800/1900 , unlock the phone and you got your self a WORLD PHONE . Use any SIM card !! 5 . Hackable = if you have then unlock kit , you can change the language to eg
 I 've had it for 9 months and still love it . It 's solid , gorgeous , and very user friendly . Reception is great when I have a signal . On T-Mobile I get fewer dead zones than I did with AT&T -LRB- in Washington , DC . -RRB- The Bluetooth feature is killer . I use it to synchronize my contacts and to control iTunes on my computer while I 'm playing poker in the next room . The camera pretty much sucks but it 's a cute novelty . I did n't buy the phone to take photos , I bought it for the compact size , beauty , and user friendliness . I get about 3 days of battery life on mine , which is better than I ever got with my Nokia 8260 . The email and web access work fine , albeit extremely slowly . Sure , there are a couple mildly annoying things here and there but every other phone I tried last year had a bunch of extremely annoying problems ; by comparison , this phone is a dream .
 I absolutely love this phone . Until now , I 've never been satisfied with any cameraphone . If you want to see the image quality click http://snapnpost.com/joshe/ to see some pics that my friend put up from his T610
 Pros
 The Sony Ericssion T610 is one of the best phones I have ever owned.Everything about the phone is good . The only thing that bothers me is that I have not been able to get a holder for the phone and I dont like it when it stays in my jean pocket , coz I always assume that its gon na break.I also got the Jabra Headset for 20 bucks ... . amazing deal and a must buy accessory for this phone , specially konwing that it gets dirty too quickly.The photo quality is not bad for a cellphone.Overall I am very pleased with the phone .
 After 3 years of outstanding service , I 'm sorry to have to let my phone go . It needs a new battery , so it 's more cost efficient to buy a new phone instead of a new battery since the joystick is starting to not respond when pressed to the down position.Overall this phone is beautiful , durable , and easy to use . The 2 main draw backs are that it does n't have speakerphone and it is impossible to see the screen in sunlight . I 'm on to a beautiful blue motorizr z3 . Farewell my faithful SE T610 !
 This Phone Is Great But only one problem is that this phone goes slow sometimes when you just turned it on but other than that this phone is fit for anyone and I got a logictech HS02 you 'll like both . .
 I have had this phone for over a year with no problems at all . I love it and it still looks like new -LRB- no scratches ! -RRB- and I do n't baby it . It does n't even have a case , I just throw it in my overloaded purse . I live in Southern California and T-Mobile 's reception is excellent and their prices are better than any competetor I 've seen . My contract ended in December , but I have n't changed anything because `` if ai n't broke do n't fix it . ''
 I have had this for about two years now . Here are my likes and dislikes.Likes : - Excellent sound quality . - Reception on par with other phones , even though it does not have a protruding antenna . - One can compose one 's own ring tone . I 's not that difficult to learn it . - Battery life is good . - Small size , so it fits everywhere.Dislikes : - Buttons are too small . - Buttons are too hard to press . - Gets a lot of scrathces . - Picture quality is so-so . It 's not so bad as many people say , if you can get one at a deeply discounted price .
 I am very very pleased with this phone . Great sound quality . Way better than any newer Samsung or Motorola .
 Some of the features that i have liked on this phone1 . Small size - much smaller than Nokia 36502 . Nice ring choices . I dont go for the fancy tones so the old phone tune is a good addition3 . Syncs with my outlook contacts , calendar etc very well and reminder can be set to vibration only4 . Decent memory size5 . really like the golf game on the phone6 . Last but not least - calling card dialing feature is very good as i buy lots of calling cards for international callsSome small negatives1 . Camera is useless which i think is the same for most phones out there . Get a digital camera if you want to take good photos2 . THe menu is a little difficult to traverse . Its not as intuitive as one would like it to be.Overall a good phone and a good buy
 It & iexcl ; s been now 15-20 days I m using this gadget and there is not a single day i didn & iexcl ; t found something amazingly new in this phone ! I will definitely agree that the reception quality of this phone is bit less than others but if you are living in a metro city and not planning to go to country area too frequently u don & iexcl ; t need to worry much.Let & iexcl ; s start with some - ves first becs list of + ve is longer-aluminum body gets scratches and dents very easily -LRB- then why they make so many different skins ? Or leather pouch for your phone -RRB- - menu is little bit complicated than others spll & iexcl ; y the distribution of feature is not proper -LRB- but if you will learn how to use shortcuts this wont be a problem :-RRB- -RRB- - picture quality is not so good -LRB- not even too bad !! remember you are getting 50 $ back from T mobile for buying this phone !! -RRB- - Display is not bright enough -LRB- t610 has larger display than other if they would have used bright display I think the battery life would be a problem -RRB- That & iexcl ; s it with & iexcl ; Vve now start the + ve-good battery life -LRB- at least better than my t300 I was having last year -RRB- - Smooth key control easy to use.-excellent looks -LRB- different from all others in market -RRB- - camera feature which provide various effect option like Sophia , negative , b/w , rotate I wish the would continued ZOOM feature -RRB- - this phone has good memory capacity to store more pictures and other JUNK -LRB- but as 40 GB hard disk on my desk top is not big enough how can 2mb flash can be -RRB- - calendar option is excellent -LRB- but I do miss simple to use & iexcl ; event & iexcl ; feature from my t300 -RRB- - Infrared Port enables u to share contacts , pictures , tune with your friends -LRB- this feature is excellent when you want to move all your data from your old phone to new phone I moved contacts , tunes and pictures in just 5 min !! - graphic quality is excellent I compared it with all phones I have in my group -LRB- sl56 , Nokia 6610 , Nokia 3800 , SE t300 , Motorola t360 -RRB- but none of them are as sharp as t610-Bluetooth capability enables me to save all my data on my computer and move it to my phone when ever I need . So I down load all teams , games , pictures and tune to my PC and move it to my phone by BT . -LRB- it is faster than down loading through your phone and do not need t-zone -RRB- - java and morphen games enables you to down load verity of games from down load -LRB- I downloaded tatris and battle city games from web which were one of my favorite when I was child and playing Atari or Samurai video games -RRB- - most of the phones display the picture of caller when he/she calls you but this phone displays the picture with Text messages also -LRB- I can see my GF few more time -RRB- - there are software available on internet to create your own themes and wall peppers to personalize your phone your way . -LRB- www.myt610.net -RRB- is one of the best sites I have found so far for all the free JUNK for t610-voice dial , voice redial and voice caller Id are good features FOR THOSE WHO DRIVES , AND WHO DRIVES A LOT-NOTES feature helps you to make a quick note like address , phone number etc when you forget to take your pen with you or cant find pepper around you easily-code memo feature helps you to store some personal Info -LRB- like credit card pin or web site password -RRB- - stop watch feature is also a nice one -LRB- though I am not gon na use it -RRB- - t610 allows you to add or edit single contact on your sim card -LRB- previously you need to copy all the contacts from your phone to sim card and it over right all your old contacts on your sim card -RRB- - tri band phone enables you to take it virtually ne-where in the world-from internet I came to know you can change the firmware on this phone to get better performance and features -LRB- I am searching for that -RRB- - Music DJ feature allows you to creates your own midi files -LRB- this feature works on the same concept professional musicians uses , just with less capability . I still wondering how SE packed so many features in such a small piece of electronics -RRB- - It also has a paint like feature which allows you to draw your own picture in color or black and white -LRB- I though I never used it-but it is quite interesting if you what it send some smiley to your friends via SMS -RRB- - this phone displays alarm time on the main display which helps you to make sure that you set the alarm for next morning or not !! -LRB- IF I WOULD FIND SOME MORE I WILL UPDATE THIS REVIEW -RRB-
 This phone has a very convenient automatic lock feature : after 25 seconds of inactivity it locks the keypad -LRB- in response to some of the previous posting -RRB- . Secondly , you can turn off ringer by holding C button for 1 second or so -LRB- again , in response to ... -RRB- I like this phone a lot . It is small , light , very smart menu choices and a screen is handsome . The only reason I got this phone is negative price - I would never pay for s cellphone and this phone is more than free.The included hands free ear piece is convenient and produces decent sound quality in reasonably quite environment.I am not going to list all the features - read the manual from Sony Ericsson website if you want to know more . But it is a international phone - I have traveled few times to Europe and having a cellphone would have been very useful . This cellphone is locked for T-Mobile Service but it can be unlocked for reasonable fee which I am going to do once I have to travel again.Sound quality is very reasonable with T-Mobile in Austin , Texas - much better than my previous Sprint service -LRB- I expect that Sprint would be purchased by Verizon eventually since they both employ CDMA but Verizon is bigger and richer -RRB- . Also call forwarding is free with T-Mobile -LRB- Sprint is 10 cents a minute -RRB- and the phone can forward calls only when the phone is off network . My office is deep inside the building and I have no signal in the office - but then I can forward my calls to the office phone!One problem - after 7 days I am still waiting to have my old number ported from Sprint but it could be Sprint network problem.Try this phone in the local T-Mobile store and you would see that it is a good phone for a price !
 Goto Google and search for T630 , it looks AMAZING compared to this phone ! It 's all `` I-Mac '' ` ed out ! The design is incredible!I 'll touch on the major improvements : -65 k color TFT Active Matrix LCD screen , this is much an improvement over the 65k color Passive Matrix LCD screen . The T610 's screen IS NOT visible during the day , so this improvement alone is worth waiting for.-Updated FIRMWARE . I just bought my T610 over 03 Xmas season and it 's still running OLD firmware . The old firmware has problems with files being stored on the phone . For example , a jpg image of 9kb will take up about 45kb on the phone , in the T630 , this is fixed . Search HowardForums on Google for more firmware improvements.-FASTER GAMES ! The T610 runs Java/Mophun games benchmarked at ~ 400 . The T630 benchmarks clear 650 + consistently ! This means faster menu response and , more importantly ;-RRB- , faster games ! - ahhh , finally , a button for IM ! - larger numeric buttons , as you can see from pics of the T630 , much easier to dial for us with big fat fingers.-much improved RF signal . One of the T610 's weaknesses has been it 's RF signal but this has been improved in the T630 ! - improved bluetooth connectivity ! No more intermittent crackling sounds thru your headset!It 'll be out in about 3-4wks , so if you can wait , I would advise that you do . If you ca n't , the T610 is still a great phone !
 A friend of mine is a software for Sony Ericsson and gave me this phone , so the price was right . If I were buying a phone today I would shop other models available but might consider this again.Pros : - large screen is addictive . It 's hard to return to a `` normal '' cellphone screen after using this one . - The menu system is decent -LRB- better than many , for sure -RRB- , but it 's not a Nokia -LRB- I 'm a well-established Nokia user -RRB- - The battery performance is the best I 've ever owned -LRB- a tad better than my Nokia 6310i -RRB- - 500 Phone memory slots - small enough to carry in a pocket comfortably.Cons : - case shows damage from every little drop . - if the phone is dropped -LRB- even in the leather belt pouch onto carpet -RRB- it often `` dislodges '' the SIM and the phone wo n't receive calls until you remove & replace the SIM - Clock screensaver is virtually useless - ca n't hardly see the screen in the sunlight - Difficult to find original Sony Accy . locallyI 'm tired of writing now . : - -RRB- This phone definitely has more pros than cons . I think I 'd give it an 80-85 out of 100 ... in my opinion .
 I 'm not sure why that previous reviewer was having problems with his phone crashing . I 've had mine for more than 6 months and it has n't crashed once . In fact , I do n't think I 've turned it off in more than a month , let alone had to take the battery/SIM card out , so I would say it 's solid as a rock . On the other hand the first Sony phone I had , a T68i , was pretty buggy and I did experience the occasional lockup . Eventually it died , I replaced it with another T68i I bought used on eBay , and that one worked perfectly and still does . I guess the lesson would be
 The price was right -LRB- -100.00 !! -RRB- , the phone is easy to use , and the number transfer from at & t was painless , although not very quick -LRB- it took a week -RRB- . Reception and sound quality have been good.The only issues I have with the phone so far are :1 . The placement of the `` back '' button . It is to the left of the joystick , where as every other phone I have owned it has been to the right .2 . The T-Mobile button on the right hand side needs to be able to be changed to do something else .3 . The transfer of contacts from Outlook was easy , although it was n't quick via IR .
 I simply love this phone , not only because of a ton of very useful features but the fact they are practical and can be customized . I think both sony and ericsson has done a exceelent job . This phone does not get hot in the ear piece after extended use which alot of phones do as they get more and more fancy and colourful and tiny.The only thing i do n't like is that when you put the phone to vibrate , its not that strong , but thats not a big deal .
 Love this phone but it does has some weakness that can be address with unlocking and upgrading the firmware . Unlock will allow you to change carrier or use foreign SIM card . Upgrade firmware will fix software bugs and enhance your phone.PRO : SmallBluetoothLIVE SIGNAL/RF METERCONS : LIVE SIGNAL/RF METER -LRB- they flactuate a lot -RRB- Phone comes with OLD and BUGGY firmware -LRB- R1S -RRB- and the latest is R6B . Use your cursor to check firmware > * < < * < * For more info to to unlock and upgrade firmware go to sonyericsson.indoatlanta.com or email me unlock_sonyericsson@hotmail.com .
 I had a T68i before this and like the camera , flash accessory and text messaging . I had a code for a while where you can get free internet access using the t610 as a modem wirelessly with the powerbook 's bluetooth connection ... pretty cool . I have the bluetooth connected to the PowerBook with Salling Clicker software , I can control iTunes wirelessly -LRB- which is playing wirelessly over Airport Express -RRB- , it is easy to send any midi file to the phone to use as a ringtone . The text messaging is fast and easy , although the whole interface for SE phones is n't lightning fast , but it works well . Mini golf is great , the other games kind of suck . The flash accessory does n't actually `` flash , '' but does add light , so you can take pictures in bars again -LRB- that 's why we all got camera phones , right ? -RRB- . Get the Krussel case , it opens in the back to use the camera , my t610 would have been toast over a year ago if I did n't get one ... . drop it all the time . Good case . Good iSync compatibility with Apple 's iCal program , you can sync all contacts and calendars , although taking the phone to a different time zone can be hazardous for all of your already scheduled calendar events , they will be offset and not corrected sometimes upon returning to your home 's timezone . Not sure how to fix that yet , but it 's still pretty cool . I paid * full * price for this phone when it came out and it 's been worth it and a way better choice than the t300 that was being offered at the time . The picture resolution is very low , though . They look OK on email . Make sure and get the next model up on this phone , because now the screen is easier to read in daylight -LRB- can be very hard with the t610 -RRB- . If I get another phone , it 'll have to be of similar caliber and functionality with this one , and it wo n't be until this one bites the dust -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- .
 I Got this cell phone about 6 months ago , and i love it . It looks cool and has a lot of functions , but sometimes my joystick stick gives me problems . its hard to access the menu because you have to press the stick and it often interprets it as moving it down which accesses the phone book . i usually have to try 2 or 3 times before i can get to the menu . the joystick can also stick at times . the phone can also be really slow . things take a while to open and im not very patient . and i wish it were easier to change the volume , my old phone had buttons specifically for the volume , with this one you have to go to the menu/settings to change the volume , but easy access to vibrate - vibrate is only two buttons . last thing
 i can see that this phone is very spectacular and i always like to make and receive my calls on it .
 I got this phone over Nokia 3650 after reading all reviews -LRB- some negative , most positive -RRB- . I just love this phone !! Its sleek , compact and packed with features.Pros : -- 1 -RRB- Great looks , small size .2 -RRB- Powerful battery , needs charging once in 3-4 days .3 -RRB- Bluetooth and Infrared work like a charm .4 -RRB- WAP support is neat to have .5 -RRB- Tons of downloads from the web - themes , ringtones , games etc. 6 -RRB- Great reception - no problems with T-Mobile service . Never drops a call .7 -RRB- Organizer is a good feature .8 -RRB- Screen resolution of 64K makes a lot of difference - it shows !! Cons : -- 1 -RRB- Camera resolution is not good .2 -RRB- Need to keep wiping the screen , since its black when sleeping and shows anything deposited on it immediately.Overall comments : ---------------- I would recommend this phone over any Nokia phone any day ! Its a piece of art . SonyEricsson has done a great job of not only designing this phone , but also packing it with so many cool features . Go for it !!!!!!!!!
 Compared with other sonyericsson products such as z600 or z1010 , this guy is significantly cheaper , and , looks even a lot more sexier . What 's more , its blue teeth technology is kind of predominant over next-generation sonyericsson stuff .
 fact is it 's liable to have more features than you need . yes there are a few things that cell phone gui afficionados quible about , like the dark clock in sleep mode , but , do n't you wear a watch , too ? no matter , i found plenty of resources about this phone online such as Howards Forums , do a search for it . i recently dropped the phone in the kitchen sink while doing dishes -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . I was PEEVED ! I nearly spoiled my pants i was so angry . it looked like a little pocket-sized aquarium with no light ... so i laid it out on the patio in the sun for a few , then the next day i lit it up and it worked , though the lcd screen was tweeked . so i went on ebay and bought a `` sony-ericsson t610 lcd screen '' for $ 31 and installed it with photo directions on the forum and a Torx-6 screwdriver . Up and running again , connected to my Apple with a USB-Bluetooth adapter , and i kid you not , i 'm not going back ... . good choice .
 I love this phone . The best feature in my opinion is the neck strap holes , primarily because other phones do n't do this . A neck strap is not included though.I have the t-mobile service and even though it is n't the greatest it does n't matter because t-nobile lets you roam on any other network for free . So even though I 'm a tmobile customer I smile when I see that Cingular/AT & T ; are improving their network .
 My girlfriend gave this cell phone to me as a birthday present and I was thrilled about it . I read some of the other reviews where people said they had poor reception with this phone but I think it 's cause of the service -LRB- T-Mobile -RRB- not because of this phone . I have AT&T wireless and so far I have never had a reception problem unlike my old Nokia phone -LRB- also with AT&T wireless -RRB- . The really cool thing about this phone is that it is Bluetooth enabled . I can transfer ring tones and pictures to and from my laptop wirelessly and use a wireless Bluetooth earpiece to make calls when I am driving . Battery life could have been a little better but it 's not that bad considering it has a big , bring color display . The camera also could have been a little better . Over all , this is not a bad phone .
 I 've had the T610 for two weeks now , and it is everything it 's advertised to be . The user interface is nearly flawless , the buttons work `` bigger '' then they are , even with large fingers , and the clarity are stunning . I have only dropped one call , and that was in downtown Dallas , among the large buildings.Now for my one issue ... the power-down feature . After 30 seconds or so of no activity , the screen goes power-down black , like a PC . This in itself is great , it conserves battery power . The problem is that it does this after ANY activity ! If you miss a call , or receive a message or a page , the screen displays a nicely designed message stating `` missed call '' ... and then the screen goes black . The basic situation is that , if you 're away from your phone for more then a minute , the screen is black regardless of any and all activity on the phone . And until you touch a button to re-activate the screen , you will not know ! This is a very irriating situation , and can be disasterous if your business or personal life means that you ca n't afford to miss calls ! It seems a rather large oversight on the part of Sony Ericcson 's engineering design team ... an almost total disregard to the user , and how we use our phones .
 Pro
 Before I get into the T-mobile drama , let me start by saying that I really like this phone . It is so cute ! The color display makes me so happy . It definitely appeals to my girlyness . It fits perfectly in my handbag or clutch . If I want to go without a purse , it fits in my pocket . However , it is so small that I do have to pay attention to my keypad presses because I have made a few dialing mistakes.The sound quality is very good . I like the camera it is good for impromptu pictures with my friends and co-workers . Also , the schedule feature takes the place of my Palm . Also , the Bluetooth technology is a great feature because I can use the Jabra wireless connector OR use it to connect to the integrated phone in my car.Now for the drama....T-Mobile does n't have it together . I understand that the number portability thing has been in effect for less than a month , but it seems like NOBODY knows what in the world they are doing . The first customer service rep said that because I purchased the phone online that there would be difficulties transferring my old number to the sim card . The new number would have to be deleted from the sim card and replaced with the transferred number . I was transferred to another customer service rep who said the EXACT OPPOSITE . I was then transferred to someone else who told me that the number was approved for processing . Go figure!Another caveat...T-Mobile activates your account as soon as they receive your credit information from Amazon . So my account was activated a week before I received the phone . So , be sure to call `` customer service hell '' and make sure that they credit your account for the days that the phone was in delivery .
 I was shocked at the price of this phone ! After the mail-in rebates , I paid absolutely nothing and receive free money in return ! The reception is comprarable to any other phone -- so I 've had the `` typical '' cell phone complaints . Its so tiny and compact , I can just stick it in my purse and go ! The camera feature , colors , graphics and special ` tricks are hot -- and I use them all of the time ! Although blue tooth technology is typically a ` working professionals ' feature -LRB- maybe because the devices needed to support and use it are a little pricy -RRB- I would recommend this phone for a younger audience because its cute , fast and pretty reliable .
 Cool phone . Excellent battery stand by time . Little complicated to access and operate the phone menu . Very good signal when compared to the audiovox phone -LRB- verizon carrier -RRB- .
 Pros :1 . It has all the cool features such as Java , Bluetooth , Camera , Infra red , WAP Browser .2 . Light weight3 . It has auto key lock , so although it is not clam shell design pressing keys in your pocket is not an issue4 . I can download free MIDI from web to my laptop and upload via IR to the phone . Do n't have to pay for ring tones .5 . You can upload animated gifs for screen saver .6 . It is 3 band GSM . Works all over the World . -LRB- where GSM is available . -RRB- 7 . I can even transfer files from my pocket pc -LRB- infrared -RRB- to the phone .8 . Operationg system is skinable . I found nice free themes and installed them on the fly.Cons :1 . Camera is joke . Quality sucks . Forget about taking pictures in not so bright areas . Camera feature is not more than a cheap toy .2 . Bluetooth file transfer sometimes crashes the operating system . I had to remove the battery to reset the system .3 . It is complicated to use . Not for people who only want a simple phone . I would n't recommend this to my GrandmaConclusion : If it breaks , I will buy the sameone again .
 So far , this has been a great little phone . I travelled to London and southern U.K. and it worked like a charm receiving and making calls to the U.S. . The calls were just as clear as calls in my hometown . I would give this product 5 stars , but the battery usage is n't as good as other products I 've used -LRB- much better than Nokia and Samsung but not as good as Sanyo -RRB- . Also , setting the phone up is n't as intuitive as a Sanyo , but once you give the manual a quick review , it makes sense . Overall an excellent product and T-Mobile is a very professional and service-oriented carrier . P.S. . You can get this product cheaper thru Amazon.com than T-mobile employees can !!
 I got this phone over Nokia 3650 after reading all reviews -LRB- some negative , most positive -RRB- . I just love this phone !! Its sleek , compact and packed with features.Pros : -- 1 -RRB- Great looks , small size .2 -RRB- Powerful battery , needs charging once in 3-4 days .3 -RRB- Bluetooth and Infrared work like a charm .4 -RRB- WAP support is neat to have .5 -RRB- Tons of downloads from the web - themes , ringtones , games etc. 6 -RRB- Great reception - no problems with T-Mobile service . Never drops a call .7 -RRB- Organizer is a good feature .8 -RRB- Screen resolution of 64K makes a lot of difference - it shows !! Cons : -- 1 -RRB- Camera resolution is not good .2 -RRB- Need to keep wiping the screen , since its black when sleeping and shows anything deposited on it immediately.Overall comments : ---------------- I would recommend this phone over any Nokia phone any day ! Its a piece of art . SonyEricsson has done a great job of not only designing this phone , but also packing it with so many cool features . Go for it !!!!!!!!!
 I have been using this phone for last 6 months now and I 'm pretty satisfied with the different features and quality of voice.I 'm not going to write the list of features , but just my experiences with those and other observations which I 've made.First , the positives : + World phone , means tri-band , means will work in all the areas in the world
 Personally , I love this phone.I 've had this phone for 3 months now , and I 'm very happy with it . T-Mobile does n't have the greatest service , but the phone does a pretty good job of picking up a signal . I 've never let more than 3 days go by without charging it , but I 'd still say it would get about 4-5 days of standby with low usage . Now , let me state the flaws so I can get to the good stuff.WEAKNESSES :1 -RRB- The screen becomes washed out in sunlight2 -RRB- Without a case , the screen gets many scratches -LRB- but they are only visible when the screen is off or you 're in sunlight -RRB- 3 -RRB- The menu 's can be a bit more complicated than necessary4 -RRB- No dedicated pickup/hangup buttons5 -RRB- Rarely the phone will freeze and has to be restarted6 -RRB- The camera 's not so hot , but hey , its a phone.In my mind , these flaws are fairly minor , so I will get to the good stuff.STRENGTHS :1 -RRB- 65,000 color screen that will automatically go off when not in use2 -RRB- Bluetooth and Infrared connectivity3 -RRB- Camera , picture messaging , photo-callerID4 -RRB- Tons of cool accessories -LRB- but they 're pretty expensive -RRB- 5 -RRB- Small and lightweight , yet sturdy6 -RRB- Voice memos , record a phonecall7 -RRB- Cool design8 -RRB- Calendar/Alarm that can alert you even when you 've turned off the phone .
 I got the t610 through T-mobile and bought on amazon ... therefore I will recieve cash back for buying it . a lot , apparently . so , ca n't beat that ... Others have truly criticized some things about this phone . some of those criticisms are valid and others are just kind of silly . Here is my own list.good things : -- bluetooth is indeed flawless with a Mac -LRB- OSX -RRB- and I assume with windows too . I had to buy a $ 40 usb-bluetooth adapter for my older powerbook . I make full use of the Syncing of my address book and iCalendar -LRB- I use both applications intensively and recommend them . -RRB- you might need to fiddle with what time zone you tell your phone you are in , or whether you tell the phone it 's daylight savings time -- sometimes appointments get translated to the other device one hour off . -- physical design is sharp and the large screen is great and impressive . the user interface is just very crisp and impressive , like you 're looking at a recent computer OS . I wish some of the downloadable Themes i find on the net were as good as two of the ones built in -LRB- `` T-mobile '' and `` magma glow . '' -RRB- -- having bluetooth and infra red is cool -- I was able to beam pictures to the photo printing kiosk at my locan drug store using IR . -- camera is cool ... yes , it 's only limited size and not incredible resolution , it 's for FUN , not art . -- the user interface makes up for some of its frustrating slow aspects by having a `` shortcuts '' menu on the home menu that you can customize , bringing almost any feature to 3 clicks from the home . -- some cool games to download . Townsmen -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- is fun , like a mini simCity ... but the backgammon game I bought is slow and absurdly graphical ... god , anything for a bare bones backgammon game like on the nokia!bad things -- reception for me -LRB- T-mobile in washington DC -RRB- is sometimes disappointing . granted , I live in a cellar . but I think there 's a chance that other phones on T-mobile , using different frequencies than this one , will be better . -- the user interface is not as crisp and hyper-smart as on my nokia phones . sending a text message can be a ridiculous experience until you learn to use various short cuts . Even if you are sending an sms to someone already in your phone book , it COULD be click-down-click-click-click-type message-click-click-click-scroll to address entry-click-click-click . Absurd -- some of those clicks are in effect telling it , for instance , that you want to scroll through your address book entries in the phone , not the ones stored on your SIM chip . they could make that a default . Fortunately , unless you are un-techie , you learn shortcuts . -LRB- 1 -RRB- hitting left on the joystick from the start takes you to a blank sms screen . or -LRB- 2 -RRB- you can program stuff into your `` shortcuts '' menu . -LRB- 3 -RRB- they thankfully , like in nokias , attach numerical values to all menus , so you can just tap your way through common choices . -- yes , it is a drag that you can not turn off the ascending ring feature ... fortunately for me , I prefer that setting . -- god , I wish it would simply automatically erase old entries in your recieved and sent SMS messages folders . it does n't , so every once in a while you must manually clean them out . Nokias are better that way . -- it is true that reading the screen in the bright outdoors is hard . bummer , but fortunately not THAT common a problem . the T630 -LRB- the next version -RRB- is supposed to fix that .
 You have a supper communication and beyond machine.you may not know what you have in this product.You have the world best . Ilove this product .
 This is a good device and everything is very easy to see and everything is easy to push . This phone will make you look very smart and very serious . I think everyone should have one of these phones . They will make most of your friends , enemys , and associates jealous . It will keep your looking very important and you and your phone and be the catch of the day . This phone also shows colors and has a built in camera so that you will never forget anything . You will also be able to prove something to your friends without any questions or quotes .
 The best phone I ever own ... and besides that got it for $ 100.00 with $ 100.00 rebate !!!!!! So it 's considered free ... from an independent dealer inside Sam 's Club . . Then go grab itguys ...
 I received the phone just before Turkey 's day , and what I regret is that I should get 3 instead of 2 . .
 woohh ... it is a nice phone ... it can be used by all ...
 There is no better leather holster . This was the best price I found anywhere .
 This item is exactly what I wanted and I received it when they said it would arrive .
 Great product . Just like original . I am very satisfied with both the quick delivery and the quality of the holster .
 great cover easy to wear but metal name plate falls off over time . . add glue : -RRB-
 I bought this as a replacement holster -LRB- my original one was damaged beyond repair at the airport -RRB- . It looks almost exactly like the OEM one that came with my phone.This holster was not available at any of the local stores , and no locally available holster was made to make my keyboard lock as soon as the phone is secured within it , just as this one does . The auto-lock feature is priceless , since it makes sure that you do n't accidently call someone when you do n't intend to . I can clip it on a tote , my computer bag , or on my waistband . It is easy to use , but if you have a skin on your phone , it will be a little tougher to insert . I recommend this holster .
 The was purchased for my husband . This works great for my husbands Black Berry phone .
 This was an exact replacement for the holster issued to me at work . Beware because it is possible to break the clip off the back of these , but it stands up very well to any reasonable usage . I 'm a klutz .
 I have looked for along time to find ther right holster for my Blackberry 8800 . I was reluctant to buy one with a belt clip because I useually distroy them in a few weeks . This clip is very durable . Many of the holsters I tried did not have good magnets to shut the keyboard off when it is holstered . I made a lot of acidental calls . That has ended . The holster also protects the trackball with a special grove . This is an important feature . All-in-all it is a great companion product to a great PDA phone.RIM Blackberry 8800 , 8830 PDA Permium OEM Original Lambskin Black Leather Swivel Holster Case with Belt Clip -13143 -001
 I lost my orig holster and as you know , only BB holsters offer the ability to turn the phones off when you put the phone in them . Well , at least , that 's what I have been told . At any rate , THIS IS THE ORIG HOLSTER !!! It 's the exact same holster that came with the phone . It has a swivel clip that allows you to lock the phone into several different positions . Unlike clips of of the past where the phone would freely swing.If you need a replacement or merely want and 2nd one as a back up , do yourself a favor and order this holster !!!
 This is the perfect case for your BB Curve ! Designed with a sturdy belt clip , a protective groove for the trackball , and a magnet to put the Curve to sleep . The leather feels a little thin , but then again what does something like this need thick leather for ?
 Since my original Holster snapped after using it for a week or so i went around looking for this item , and it was nowhere to be found . Luckily i thought of amazon.com and what do you know , there it was for way less money than any other place . So overall , great buy , great deal .
 The clip on my original case snapped within two weeks of receiving my 8830 Blackberry.I bought two replacements . They are a the exact same size and function . I am completely satisfied .
 I had lost my original holster , and bought this one to replace it , and its fabulous with a decent price .
 The case that came with my Blackberry broke within 3 weeks of owning it . When I went to the Blackberry store , they wanted $ 30 for the case . When I found this one , I was suspect . But , because of the low price , I bought 2 of them thinking that it was still better than the `` original '' . This one is great . The leather is softer than the original and it , actually , feels like better quality . The stitching down the middle is slightly different than the original , but , otherwise you 'd never know it . Great value . Highly recommended . I 've had the case for longer than the original and would recommend without hesitation .
 identical to original holster for this model blackberry . nice product , however design of this one as with the original design ... leaves the fold over flap vulnerable to cracking and breaking after about 12 months of frequent use . this is my third holster in for this balckberry in 3 years time . what is nice , is that this is priced right , so buying as a replacement is not spendy . i do like the product and would/will buy it again .
 I was a bit worried that it would be a cheapo model because I could n't make out the picture that well . But it 's the real McCoy . Could n't be happier .
 The company where I work has people that abuse and break theirs leather cases . People get careless and lean on the swivel clip too much and they break them off the case . The other probelm is the leather flap gets weak over time and cracks and eventually will tear . But theses replacement cases are originals from Blackberry and they worked just fine . The price from AT&T is $ 30 each . I bought these for about $ 8 including shipping here on Amazon . So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money . Especially considering so many people break their cases here at my company .
 I 've used it every day for a month and it is holding up well . The blackberry slides in nicely and seems to be held in securely . The magnet that shuts off the screen is a little weak compared to the one I tried in Best Buy - you have to be sure to push your phone all the way down for the screen to go off . Still , I 'm glad to have it for the inexpensive price .
 The holster arrived in good condition . This is my second such holster and it 's very functional . The sleep mode on myy BB gets triggered when I use the holster preserving the battery life . The holster provides adequate protection too . I got to test this when I dropped my phone on the pavement and it survived . Only the exposed edge got a few nicks but I expected my BB to fall apart considering the impact .
 My original Holster had broken the very second day and i was looking for a new one.I got this for 10 dollars including shipping and its been 1 month , and i like it.Fits well on my belt and looks good
 Nice OEM BlackBerry case . It was a good replacement for my broken 8820 case . Functions as expected . Hopefully this one stands the test of time .
 Product arrived to Virginia from California in about 4 business days via USPS . The item is exactly as advertised and OUTSTANDING for the price , including shipping charges . It has the look and feel of soft lambskin leather . Once you holster the BB , the BB goes into hibernation and locks itself . This is a great safety feature and prevents the BB from doing strange things .
 Product is of good quality and more importantly , when there was an issue to the delivery -LRB- a bit late -RRB- , the seller was very accommodating .
 This was available for about 1/4 of the price of purchasing it from Blackberry and it is the exact same OEM holster . My original one broke and I liked it so much I bought this one . Shipping was also very fast .
 As the 8800 is a bit older model , I did n't have much luck finding a replacement holster . I tried one from a retailer and it was completely useless . I finally found it on Amazon and was willing to pay 3X more than the asking price . Quality and craftmanship are outstanding - you can not go wrong with this purchase .
 I was very pleased with the product and the process . The product was sent quickly and better than expected !
 I 've just received my order for this from Amazon and its really good . The auto shut-off of phone feature when the phone is inserted works as the Original and is extremely user friendly . Highly recommend this item .
 Took a chance on buying this item to replace the one that came with the BB . I did not want to spend $ 33.00 buying from the OEM . I have not been disappointed.Do Not Fear The Low Price !
 My original case got snagged and tore ... found this and it is exactly like the original ... Could not imagine having a 8800 BB without one of these!Great item !
 The product I received was the official blackberry case , just like the one that comes with the phone . The first one I got had a manufacturing flaw and the entire side of the case fell apart . After e-mailing the seller , they sent a replacement ASAP and helped ease the return of the defective case . The second case is perfect . Although the process took some time , I am willing to wait for good service . Thanks !
 Excellent product . Genuine OEM case that put you BB to sleep when in case . Price is unbelievable . Highly recommend .
 The low price made me skeptical of the quality . But , when it arrived in a few days I was pleasantly surprised . It works just fine . At this price I wish I had bought two .
 This product was exactly as shown and works beautifully with his blackberry . I would definitely recommend this product and the company .
 It was great to find an inexpensive replacement for my worn out holster . Customer service was also excellent . Thanks again !
 It is exactly what I wanted at a great price . After trying different store items at higher prices , none compares to the original design . There is nothing more to say !
 Fast shipping , great price , as expected , holding up better than the original one i received with the phone .
 For those of you who like the original equipment manufacturer -LRB- OEM -RRB- holster for your Blackberry 8830 , this item , which I purchased last week from A1 Accessories , is a very close replacement . The only difference I found was the the little silver emblem that says `` Blackberry '' was removed from the item before it shipped , presumably to avoid a Trademark dispute with RIM . If you have your original case , you can just pop the silver emblem off the old one and glue it onto the new one . Good as new !
 This item came exactly as described ! Perfect condition ! Could not expect any more than what I got ! Great seller !
 This is the SAME Holster that came with the Blackberry ... It 's definately the best value out there !
 The original and an expensive replacement broke as I was exiting the passenger seat of a car . This replacement product is terrific . Looks exactly like the original but I challenge anyone to find a less expensive alternative of this quality , I bought two just for backup . If you have an 8800 series Blackberry the clip is going to break eventually . Here is a more than adequate replacement at a great price . Delivery was prompt . Yes , the flap is magnetic just like the original one .
 The swivel clip of my original broke after 3 months , wanted the same one but the OEM version was $ 20 . Got this for $ 7 . Ended up buying 3 more , since my wife has the same phone and in case I break mine again . For that cheap , its worth it .
 Item is made for the Blackberry . The magnet in the holder makes the Blackberry screen power off to save battery life.My old one had broken . This was delivered on time , and very reasonably priced . Thanks !
 My Blackberry 8800 holster was delivered quickly and turned out to be every bit the good quality advertised . I thought the price was very reasonable for a replacement holster and would recommend it to anyone who has borken or lost the original .
 great product ... much better and functional that the one that comes with the phone . Seller - CCMACCESSORIES ws very easy to deal with and shipped quickly ... slight problem taken care of right away .
 I broke my case for my blackberry and went to AT&T for replacement . I can get a replacement for $ 35 !!! Very happy to find it on Amazon for almost 1/3 the price . Same quality .
 I had my original blackberry belt clip broken . This one that i ordered from Amazon is a original product from RIM and works exaclty the way the case that comes with the box . The shipment was fast and received my product in 2 days time after placing the order . I would recomend this t0 anyone who is in search for original BlackBerry 8800 case .
 Got a great deal on 2 blackberry holsters , and they were delivered on time and in excellent condition .
 I lost my original holster that came with my Blackberry , so when I looked for a replacement I was shocked at the cost . Thirty bucks at every retail outlet I went to ... yikes . Amazon 's price blows everyone else away.It 's a good product , even if it is n't flashy .
 I had bought Cingular FamilyTalk + Pantech C300 Phone , The plan on 3/25/07 , we can share 700 minutes per month in the day time . My friends and me , five people to share these time . It is great , as you know , not every one has too much telephone call to use in every month , you can use other people 's time , and need not to pay much money.The Pantech C300 Phone is great , very small , sliver color . I like it , it do n't occupy too much space in you pocket . It is convenient to handle , and the buttons are not too small . The color screen is wonderful ; I can play game in my cell phone .
 Yes , I 'm on my third one now.The first one I simply wore out . I 'm rough on them so it was just a matter of time . The second one lasted longer because I was more attentive shoving it into pants pockets , messenger bag pockets and such . The last one went down courtesy of a new puppy who apparently found it very tasty and satisfying.Obviously I 'm quite happy with this headset . The noise reduction and canceling feature work very well - and with the addition of the foam boom cover that can be bought separately I 've even used it successfully while driving down the interstate with the passenger window down . So the operation and sound quality is superior to any other headset I 've tried.For ease of use I 'd have to rate it as average . Nothing negative here , it simply does what you need it to do . The ` dial last number ' is accomplished easily in-ear by pressing the control button twice . Answering in-ear is by pressing the control button twice . Pairing is just a matter of holding the control button and ` volume up ' at the same time . This setts it into pairing mode and you just follow the instruction on your specific phone from there . It does n't do anything with a `` wow '' factor , but it does everything reliably every time.Battery life is a little better than average , I charge mine every other day and use the phone at least a couple of hours every day . Charging time is fast , too . The package says that it takes 3 hours to charge from completely drained . I 've found it to be closer to two hours.For fit it ca n't be beat . It 's larger and more utilitarian in design ; it 's not vogue stylish or discreet . If you 're wanting your headset to be a fashion accessory , this one is n't for you . The body is the earloop , and the boom mic is adjustable in a wide range to allow the headset to fit on either ear . It comes with three ear pieces that allow in-ear fit or -LRB- with the largest ear piece -RRB- resting against the ear canal . I 've worn it both ways and have never had any trouble . No falling off , feeling wobbly or loose . It may feel a tiny bit heavy at first , but the fit is so comfortable that you forget it 's on your ear after a while . I also frequently wear it while also wearing glasses and a baseball cap and there 's never been in issue there either.It supports voice dialing and does it as well as any other headset I 've used . Again , no `` wow ' factor ; it just works . It also does multi-phone paring ; for example if you have a bluetooth house or work phone you can pair it up to that one and answer both phones with the one headset . However , I 've never used this feature , so I can not comment on it.The only negative feature -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- is the volume control . It 's a rocker-switch type where you press one side to increase and roll your finger to the other side to decrease the volume . It 's contoured to aid finding it while trying to adjust the volume while wearing it ; therein is the problem . It 's not easy to adjust the volume without rolling the headset forward or backward over the ear . After a few times of pushing the headset off my ear I quit trying to adjust the volume that way . My solution is to leave the headset volume maxed out and do volume adjustments from the phone itself.In short , if you want a reliable headset that works every time you need it , you can not go wrong with the Voyager 510 . If something happens to # 3 , you can bet there will be a # 4 for me .
 I bought this item so that I could use our companies VoIP system . The headset and USB dongle worked very well and also allowed me to switch between the VoIP system and my cell phone -LRB- Palm Centro -RRB- . I also tried to use this with my iPhone 4 , but the sound quality is not as good . I do n't attribute this to the headset though .
 Needed a headset to switch between Skype and cell -- it does that very well and the sound quality is very good . It handles wind better than Jawbone , but does not handle coffee shop noise quite as well .
 This is my first bluetooth so I do n't have anything to compare it too.I could not get it to work right away . I called tech support who quickly determined the USB adaptor was malfunctioning & they offered to send me a replacement . I eventually recieved it & it seems to work fine . I 've only had it for about 3 days though.I do a lot of teleconferencing using WebEx . I assumed it would be compatible with Webex , but I can not get it to work with it . I bought it believing it would do anything my plug-in computer headset would do , but I guess that was my interpretation . Maybe should have researched that further before purchasing.Some people seem to comment that this unit is large , but I do n't find that to be a problem.Pro 's : It paired right up with my HTC EVO cell phoneIt works well on my computer using Google Voice . This is the biggest reason I bought it & am glad it is compatible.Has both USB & plug-in charger so I can keep one at my desk & one in my laptop bag.Sound quality seems fine.Con ` sAs stated , first adaptor did n't work.Not compatible with WebEx.At times people have said I cut out . I ca n't say if thats due to the bluetooth or my computer though .
 I bought this after using one at my office for Skype and Google Calls . Setup was very easy and the sound on this is very good . Always a little awkward putting this over the ear but once there it 's fine . It 's a good bluetooth headset for the money with just about every feature I could want.I like that it comes with a wall charger and USB charger and little carrying case if I need to take it on the road . Also has 3 sizes of earbuds to find best fit to your own ear.Have had no problems with this one or the one at my office .
 After reading the reviews I was skeptical , but Plantronics makes great products so I gave it a try . I think it works great . The previous reviews about the speakers for you computer not woking if you use the headset are not true IF you change your settings . I use google chat and changed the settings in chat and everything works perfectly . I would have rated it a 5 but it always needs to be `` refreshed '' on my iPhone . Well worth the money .
 It 's taken me several years to finally come upon a bluetooth device that works well . I was looking for a headset that could be used for both computer gaming and cellular phone . It 's a little tricky to switch it from one to the other -LRB- for instance i turn the cellular phone off whenever I link it to my computer -RRB- . But other than that small inconvenience , this is a great piece of gear . I like it so much that I 'm going to buy another headset -LRB- the cheaper one without USB -RRB- to be used exclusively with my cellular phone .
 I am not a technie by any means and was concerned that I would n't be able to figure this product out . I use an iBook G4 . I wanted the Voyager for Skyping with people in East Africa -LRB- My computer to their cell-phones -RRB- , and the setup was easy and the quality is really great.Even better , I did n't understand fully the importance of the USB part of this product . Now I realize how great it is -- my computer doesnt have Bluetooth on it , but I can plug in the USB thing to my computer and the Bluetooth works between my headset and this USB dongle -- so my computer thinks I am using a regular USB headset , but the headset knows it is using Bluetooth with the USB dongle . Brilliant ! So I dont need to worry about not having Bluetooth internally on my computer . And the set-up is easier than if I had to figure out how to use bluetooth with another external dongle on my computer -LRB- even if you had Bluetooth internally , you wouldnt need to use it beccause you have the USB receiver in this package -RRB-
 I love this product , the setup and use of the device is very easy , it also has superior battery life and the volume and fit are awesome as well .
 I got the Plantronics 910 a few months ago and it was the best headset I 've ever had -LRB- I had a nokia and a motorola headset before -RRB- . It had excellent battery life and was the clearest and loudest among the units I 've owned -LRB- my hearing is not as good as it used to be -RRB- . I use the headset everywhere and not only for telecons . I use it to listen to audio books everywhere - in the gym , waiting for the train and when bored somewhere and I forgot to bring a book . I 'd even fall asleep wearing the headset listening to my favorite podcasts . I think that 's why after half a year , I wore mine down.I called up Plantronics and they promptly replaced it with a new one after I described the problem . The customer service answers promptly and are very helpful and intelligent.I recommend these to all my realtor friends who do extensive telemarketing and they 're happy with this as well as with the other Plantronic products ! Go buy one !
 During the last 2 years , I have gone through about 5 bluetooth headsets . This is by far the most comforatable and light weight one there is , and people I talk with through it can hear me clearly .
 this headset is very good , easy to use and everything that was promised . I would definitely buy it again ... oh yeah , the price at Amazon was a deal ... very satisfied ... js
 the deliver was super fast i was amaze when i got it next day in perfect condition
 The product works well . Well balanced and not too bulky .
 Voyager 510 Wrls Bluetooth Headset with USB DockGreat price came quickly and works great
 Several cell phone savy folks recommended Plantronics versus the Motorolas - so I trialed * 3 * Plantronics against my old H850 . They are models
 I bought this for video conferencing with my family who are in England . The inbuilt microphone on my webcam was too sensitive , and I was getting a lot of feedback . I could n't seem to adjust the volume/mic levels so that there was no feedback and I was still audible , so I decided to purchase a separate microphone . I bought a cheap CyberAcoustics desktop microphone which was useless for my purposes . The wire was too short -LRB- long enough if you 're sitting right next to the computer , but I had my laptop connected to my TV and I was sitting on the sofa -RRB- and it barely picked up any sound unless your mouth was within centimeters of the mic . Still trying to get away with a cheap microphone , I purchased a CyberAcoustics headset -LRB- similar in style to the platronics headset -RRB- . The wire was even shorter for this microphone and it was near impossible to get it attached to your ear in a stable configuration . The volume level and quality was fine , but I do n't know how anyone could get comfortable with that contraption . I then decided to purchase a wireless headset as a last attempt to buy a decent micropone and I bought a Platronics Voyager . It suited my needs perfectly . The volume level was perfect , and the sound quality was very good . The unit is very comfortable to use , so comfortable infact , that on occasion I have accidentally left it on for several minutes after a video call has ended . You can easily switch sound output from the PC speakers to the Platronics headset and vice versa , and the wireless range was very impressive -LRB- and if you do n't have bluetooth built in your PC there is a USB device for the wireless connection included -RRB- . It comes packaged with a small circular base for charging the headset which I found to be convenient . I 've also used the headset for my phone -LRB- a Nokia -RRB- and have never had any problems . Overall an excellent headset at a reasonable price that I would strongly recommend .
 I first bought the Moto H500 USB because it 's cute , comes in bubble gum pink or lime green , its blurb says it 's for VOIP , it is very tiny ; and Plantronics ' web site was selling this Voyager 510 USB for $ 200 . Well , the moto thing did n't have Windows compatible drivers and crashed my PC about 5 times before I gave up . This was after having to research the Skype site for help . Surprising for Moto that they were obviously trying to sell it as a consumer product but did n't bother to make installation and activation easy.The Plantronics web site said this thing will work with named enterprise IP phone applications so I felt a little more confident than if they just said `` VOIP . '' Apparently , vendors think ` VOIP ' means Skype , Vonage , Yahoo ... and they have to use a different word for enterprise VOIP applications.I had no problem installing the Plantronics drivers and they seemed to work well with Windows XP . No need to pair with the USB dongle -LRB- already paired at the factory -RRB- . Pairing with my cell phone took 5 seconds.The sound quality can be better ; had to turn to maximum the audio on my IP phone , but the ease of use was worth it .
 Although it worked fine with Windows 7 and paired as per instructions and I could change the sound applet to use it easily . I had to install their personacall software for it to work with Office 2007 Communicator VOIP.It comes with a USB adapter , which is n't needed for normal Bluetooth pairing , but does seem to be required for VOIP . One advantage to using the adapter is that it allows you to pair a single headset concurrently with a cell phone and the laptop . That means that I can use the headset if I walk away from my desk with my cell phone without having to pair it separately with the cell phone , and then back again to the laptop.Given you can have communicator direct calls to your cell phone over the cellphone network , and to your laptop over the VOIP network , this is a big deal ... It comes with a small desk adapter/charger which can be powered by USB or 110v outlet . When you place the headset in the adapter it puts it into suspend mode allowing for faster charging , when a call rings and you lift the headset out of the adapter it goes back into active mode and you can answer via a button on the side of the headset . Etc. .
 I will have to admit , this is my first headset to own and use . I researched a lot to find a headset that would be comfortable on my ear and have quality audio on both sides of the conversation . The Voyager 510 has all of this . It is however larger than most , if not all of the bluetooth headsets out on the current market . So if you do n't mind a little larger headset , this is a great buy . It has great battery life and has a large radius to reach your bluetooth device . It currently works seamlessly with both my computer and Razer cell phone . To keep it protected , I got an old Altoids metal box , padded the inside , and I keep my headset in there when I am mobile .
 I ordered this based on reading other reviews and googling numerous tech blogs , many of which recommended it highly . I bought it to use with Skype in my apartment . Easy to set up and works like a charm , I 've never experienced any problems with it . As an added bonus , the battery life is great - I 've used it for days without having to re-charge .
 This is a great product for using with SKYPE and with your cell phone . It cuts down on outside noise and the microphone is great .
 bought the item really cheap , under $ 4 and it works perfectly on my moto Q.BryanDeptford , NJ
 This charger works great with my Sprint Mogul -LRB- HTC PPC6800 -RRB- and a Holux M-1000 bluetooth GPS . At $ 1.99 , I bought 3 . But , there is one problem - the phone connector is a flimsy , snap together plastic shell ; one of mine came apart in a few weeks . I tried the following trick on the other 2 to -LRB- hopefully -RRB- make them last longer : - Get some 1/2 '' heat shink tubing . I used Gardner Bender tubing from Home Depot -LRB- 1 pkg - $ 1.95 - is enough to for 24 chargers -RRB- - Cut 1/2 '' off the tubing , slip over the body of the phone connector and heat with a lighter or match.This should hold the 2 halves of the shell together and keep it from coming apart .
 This product appears to be well constructed and works great with the RAZR V3 . I purchased a different adapter earlier this year and I could tell right away that the mini-USB connector was flimsy and would not last . After a few months it stopped working . This product is much higher quality and I think it will last a while . For the price , you can not beat this adapter .
 This product works great . For some reason it 's a pretty tight fit in the lighter thing in my car but it works . I just leave it plugged in and when I get in the car to go somewhere I plug my phone in . Great product for a good price .
 I bought these glasses and love them they are cumfy like any other oakley glasses , plus you get a bluetooth headset cliped to your glasses it is easy to use just a good pair of glasses .
 Bluetooth RAZRWIRE OAKLEY SUNGLASSES MERCURY , everything perfect , works great comfortable , only wish other lenses were available , polarized , lighter for night . They are very comfortable , earpiece adjusts and the voulume is great .
 I love my Razrwire sunglasses with bluetooth . . They are awesome and easy to use . I wish they had interchangeable lenses so you could wear them at night too ... . Totally great product !
 I 've been using Nokia phones exclusively since 1998 or so , and ca n't say enough about their usability and solid interface design . Though this model was a bit fragile , the compact functionality and value were unbeatable.Dos : - get a wired earbud -LRB- Nokia , not aftermarket -RRB- , or 2 , or 3 , and keep them at home , in your bag , in your car . - get extra chargers . - Get a case that protects the phone and allows the wired earbud to connect.Don ` ts : - Do n't let the battery run all the way down , it will shorten its lifetime . - Do n't throw the phone around . Used the wired earbud to voice dial and talk while the phone stays safe in your purse or pocket . - Do n't hesitate to get spare covers , they 're cheap and easy to swap out.If you 're new to Nokia , give it time to learn your way around the menus . Once you do , you 'll be able to pick up almost any Nokia and use it . I promise .
 Everything is fine . . shipping absolutely fast well its expedit or expidte.or whatever ... the infrared part wasnt good . . LOL . . but i never used infrared . . the rest s fine ! still working great . . I WAS SMILING OPENING THE PACKAGE AND I CHARGE IMMEDIATELY AND IM STILL SMILING , , COZ I HAVE IT NOW ... I HOPE MORE TO COME OLD PHONES FROM NOKIA . . i do n't know the rest of the phones ... NOKIA IS MY FAV . . since year 1999 OR 2000 lol . . keep it up ! i know lots of complain with this kind of phone but it depends whos using it . XD
 I purchased this combo for $ .01 and paid $ 4.95 in S&H . To purchase these from my wireless carrier would run about $ 50 . Both the car charger and data cable work wonderfully with my RAZR V3xx .
 Both items work , have n't used the car charger to fully recharge my Z3 , however it works .
 Accessories did everything I wanted them to do and the shipping of the item was fast .
 I saw a bad review for this product , but needed one quickly , and did n't want to pay $ 40 , which seemed to be what the phone store was asking . Got it quick , and have n't had any problem with it in the two months since .
 I use this charger not only to charge my Apple Ipod Shuffle but also for my Buletooth Headset . This 5 volt USB charger can work on device that needs to be charged by USB . Do n't have to turn on my computer any more !
 This works fine to charge my phone and it was a fraction of the price I would have paid at the cell phone store .
 I am pleased with this product . It feels sturdy and well made , as compared to the Motorola car charger I received for another cell phone , where it was light , felt flimsy , and the tip came unscrewed and fell off , while it was in the cig lighter.I would buy it again if I had the same need .
 Nothing too exciting to say about this charger except it works . I have been using it about 6 months now without issue .
 Basically it does what it 's supposed to do . I got a much better price for it on amazon than the phone stores . Good price and fast delivery and it works .
 I ordered this and was pleasantly surprised . It 's an Samsung OEM charger made for Samsung mobile phones that can use it . It 's a coiled cable so it stays out of the way and has a clip on it to make it even more organized . It fits great into my Maxell 1 to 2 car power adapter . No complaints , works great and the seller here has the best price I 've seen on the Internet for these units . Great purchase once again on Amazon .
 This car charger is worth the price I paid and made my life a bit easier , as most of the time , I end up with low battery when I am about to leave the house and I dont have enough time to charge the phone . This piece of equipment is good and serves its purpose .
 Looking at the cheap price , I was a bit apprehensive whether it would be original or not . I checked on ebay . But this deal , even with high shipping was cheaper than the cheapest i was getting anywhere else . The charger came in its original packing and has been doing its job perfectly eversince .
 I am very satisfied with the car charger - came in its original packaging and was a great price !
 I own a Samsung SGH-D900 cell phone . This charger is the one to get for this model . Its the original Samsung charger that you need .
 I purchased 3 units and they work as advertised . The phone store wanted $ 29.95 for -LRB- one -RRB- of the exact same OEM chargers . Great deal .
 I received this very quickly . I could n't believe I could get the actual namebrand at such a great price . Very pleased !
 once again thanks to amazon for this.great product at great price.moreover very reliable ...
 The original Plantronics Discovery 665 sent was defective and would not hold a charge . The seller sent another free of charge .
 The earpiece can have a bit of trouble staying in your ear , and the sound is so-so ... but the reason I gave it four stars in the convience factor of the charging unit . I use it infrequently , so previous Bluetooth headsets I 've used were either dead or at home on the charger when I wanted to use them.The charger on this unit is just dandy ! -LRB- did I just say `` dandy ? '' -RRB- It keeps it fully charged and within easy reach at all times . I have two power sockets at my disposal in my Suburban , so I could afford to lose a socket to have it charging all the time.One negative about the charging unit ... it 's always blinking when it 's in there , so you 'll need to not be the type to be bothered by that blinking off in the corner of your vision at night .
 Very light and comfortable . Easier to place and stay in my ear than 900 series .
 I got this for < $ 20 as a gold box deal . It is a good -LRB- not great -RRB- headset , but for the price , it is dang near unbeatable .
 I 've tried other bluetooth headsets and the biggest problem I 've had is not being able to hear others from my car with all the road noise . The Plantronics 665 is great . In fact I actually had to turn down the volume a bit . I also noticed it connects instantly to the phone where my old Motorolla had a slight delay . I would have given this 5 stars except a lot of background noise is picked up by those on the other end of the line . Overall a very clean design . Other than the road noise , people on the other end did n't know I was using a wireless headset . Nice small design fit my ear well . The DC charging station/dock for the car is great . Charges as well from your PC USB . I 'm using this with my Palm Treo 755p .
 The earpieces do n't go as far into the ear as my etymotic earlpugs , so I have to use the wire hook it came with to stabalize it . I wish the in-ear part gripped my ear a little better . Also , the hook falls off easily when it 's in my pocket . I wish there was a more permanent way to attach it . Also , there are some CRAZY big ear gels in there . I have big ears -LRB- har har -RRB- and I use the smallest one . WHOS ears are big enough for the large attachments?Having said that , the headset is a winner . It 's LOUD ! I actually have to turn it down . Reception is good and it pairs with my L2 quickly and easily . No problems hearing other people or them hearing me.Last thing ... it pairs up with my Mac G4 no problems . System sounds go through it and that 's pretty cool!I give it a 4 out of 5 .
 First impression is that it is so light and small that it ca n't possibly work well . It seems that it does work well . The volume is plenty loud so I generally keep it turned nearly all the way down . I thought it was broken at first because pushing the call button did nothing but a high beep . I finally figured out that I had to hold the call button until it made a 2nd lower beep to activate the voice activated dialing . The button has a click or snap to it that pops quite loud in my ear when pushing it . They could get rid of the click and make it activate the voice dialing instantly.It seems to have a weak bluetooth signal . If my phone is in my left pocket and the 665 is on my right ear I hear crackling . I hear a little crackling if it is in a pocket at all.It does not come with a wall charger , but it does come with a charger station that can be connected to a cig lighter in a car or a provided USB cord to charge off the computer . The headset itself easily slides right into the charger and will not turn off when connected to the charger . So you can easily pull it out the moment you want to use it.Plantronics support seems quick and on the ball as well and they are located in the US!The verdict is still out on background noise reduction , but the sound quality to me is great - I hear others quite clearly . Overall I give it 4 stars .
 This headset is the best I 've ever had . People actually hear me , and I hear them better when I 'm using the headset than when I 'm on the handset . What more can I say it 's great ! Even the people that use to complain and tell me to stop using my BT , have stopped nagging me . Very pleased with this one , finally a good BT headset .
 I am no expert on these headsets , this is the first one I have ever bought . That being said , I think this one is great . I have a Samsung phone and I was never really pleased with the way the mic picked up my voice and often people would complain of not being able to hear me but with this made my voice clear and understandable . I was worried of the background noise by the nature of the bluetooth but the AudioIQ seems to do an excellent job keeping the noise out , not sure how . It is simple to set up as well . Overall I am really pleased with this . Highly Recommended !
 I really like this head set now . When I first got it , not so much . I had to remember to turn the darned thing off because I was used to the Motorola head sets where you just flip it closed . The buttons are tiny but you get used to it.On the plus side
 This is the only Bluetoothe handsfree that works great with my new Iphone 3G . People tell me that it sounds as if I have the phone up to my mouth , and it does not drop calls.I ca n't believe I was able to buy it for such a low price ! Awesome !
 Does what it is supposed to ... WORK!Paired easily with my Blackjack II , sounds great , good noise reduction , no echo.Came with ear hook but I do n't need it fits perfectly with the medium ear gel -LRB- comes with 3 -RRB- . Great charging options ! Charge from AC , USB or AAA battery right out of the box , car charger is available.Attention audiophiles , if your looking for good music response walk away this is designed for voice.That being said , I was surprised at the bass response it did have and works fine for occasional listening.The charging system is my favorite part of this headset you can charge from anything.Attention engineers . . thanks for the foresight in giving the user the options to disable the flashy blue lights.There is no reason to have flashing status lights on a device I CA N'T SEE!To disable the status/online lights press and hold the volume up when powering on the device . Repeat the same steps to turn the lights back on . This is a comfortable well engineered product that works great for what it was designed for TALKING.Attention designers ... enough with the flashy blue lights . If you are going to use blue LED 's please tone down the intensity or give me the option to disable them . Only con I have is that the buttons are very stiff to press but that helps prevent inadvertent presses . Hopefully the buttons will `` break in '' over time .
 I am very impressed with this product from Plantronics . The device is very sleek and fits nice . It comes with 3 size ear buds -LRB- small , medium and large -RRB- which is great and also has a ear loop . The ear fitting is good but sometimes when walking feels shaky alone , but with the earloop its perfect.The problem I had with other headsets was that they did not fit well in the ear , slight head shake or bend or hardstep they will make them fall off , but this one beacause of the earloop it stays on perfect -LRB- you need to put it only if ur walking else its stays fine if ur in the car or sitting and talking -RRB- . Even if u dont put while walking its ok better than the older ones I had , but just that you dont want it to fall off the ground and accidently step on it ! I mostly use my set while driving -LRB- in the car -RRB- and it works really good.I have not used it much , its only 5 days since I bought it but really liked it . for 39 $ it seems expensive when you compare other low cost products , but I guess its really worth the money.The sound quality is very good too.I did not encounter any cons yet ... may be really soon to write a review ! But my first impression for a week has been excellent .
 I had this same model bluetooth headset for my company phone and I really liked it because it fit perfectly I did n't have to worry about it falling off or the strap getting caught in my hair because you do n't need to use the ear strap . It is so small you can fit it in your pant pocket when you are not using it or in your purse . That is why when I left work and had to buy one for my personal phone I bought the same model and so did my husband . He is really picky and was completely against the handsfree sets specially because so many of them are huge and look awkward but he really liked the Plantronics . I really recommend this product it is so easy to use .
 Great form factor - comfortable - excellent sound quality and noise cancellation . 3.5 to 4 hours talk time might not be enough . Portable charging station is cool - car charger included - also cool . Highly recommend this .
 Requires a charging pocket , blackberry pocket is USB only , and the car adapter for the charging pocket is not USB . The Plantronics pocket has an adapter so can be used both ways . This is the one to buy right out of the shoot because these items are best priced in a group.Excellent sound , comfort , lightweight . Controls good . Vertically line up the ear bud before inserting or can easily damage-once damaged I repeatedly had the bud fall off along with the ear loop . Instructions are lacking from some stores . -LRB- Diamond did include -RRB-
 I spend way too many hours each day on the phone , sometimes in the car and sometimes at my desk when talking and typing are the norm . The headset performs unbelievably well from my end although some users have asked if they are on a speakerphone as the mic is obviously very sensitive and yet no one has ever mentioned wind noise while I am driving . It took me a little while to adjust to it just hanging in my ear without the ear loop but again I soon got over the sensation that it might fall out since it never has . Battery life is good and nice that you can charge it through the USB port of the laptop while working . Not cheap but if you need to use a headset often then it is definitely wroth it .
 I bought this Plantronics headset for my husband to supplement my ownPLANTRONICS DISCOVERY 925when we were taking a trip in two separate cars so we could communicate safely on the road . He had not previously used a bluetooth device , and I wanted to make sure that he could answer his phone without taking his eyes off the road . Both of us were using the new iPhone 4 . So how did the Discover 665 compare to the 925 ? In general , it worked well , with easy pairing and one-touch answering . Where it lagged , however , was in audio quality . I could hear him , but he could n't always hear me , and occasionally his transmission had some vibrato and/or muffling . While the problem could have been with my 925 , I 've used it for years without such issues . He has since used it to answer calls from our land line , and occasionally the sound quality just is n't there.So why four stars ? Well , it is comfortable enough to wear -LRB- without the ear hook -RRB- for hours , if necessary , and most of the time it works well , with no noticeable audio defects . Plus , for the price level , it works much better than anything I ever had from Motorola . It 's easy to find the buttons to answer/hang up and adjust the volume . I consider this a good choice for a budget bluetooth device , although people who plan on using one every day for important calls will probably want to upgrade to a more expensive model . -- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
 I purchased Plantronics 665 headset to replace BlackBerry 655 + by Plantronics that went through washing machine -LRB- but surprisingly still worked fine after drying -RRB- . My wife also has one of these and she loves it.I like 665 as much as I like 655 + . The fit is comfortable and secure with the ear loop . The sound quality is good on both ends . The battery life is sufficient for me I charge it once every two-three days.The only complaing is that the buttons are a bit hard to press . When I push the main button the ear tip gets pushed into my ear which is not very pleasant.Overall , this is a great headset at a good price .
 I love this . I tried the 650 and liked it . I was afraid to try this 665 because of some of the detractors , but got a great deal and bought it anyway.IT IS FANTASTIC !!!!!!! Did I mention it is fantastic?forget the 650 and by the 665 .
 like the probucut , the older model was better and the volume is a lot clearer
 Purchased this ear piece the replace a plantronic 's ear piece I lost . It works really good and sound is clear . it was a very good price
 I have been using this bluetooth headset for couple of month now and I absolutely love it . I forget I have it on because of it silicon earplug that fits perfectly in my ear ! I do n't have to worry about looking in my phone while driving , and can do all my phone calls while driving . . I would definitely recommend it
 I have had this for a few years and use it a lot . sometimes I forget I have it on . It fits nice in my ear and works great . Of coarse there have been times where someone can not here me but usually do to my AC to high or wind while outside but that is the same I think with any bluetooth .
 Great design , multiple methods to charge , very small . Only problem is that the sleeve where earpiece and earclip mount is not sturdy - this is my third one
 In my mind there are only 2 bluetooth headsets to consider right now , the Aliph Jawbone and the Plantronics 665 . I owned the Jawbone and this headset . They both are fine in terms of noise cancellation and clarity . Miles ahead of the competition . I prefer the Plantronics in the end though . I can wear it all day and barely notice I 'm wearing it . The Jawbone starts to hurt the back of my ear after an hour . ` Pocketability ' is better with the Plantronics as well . I can keep it in my jean pocket and not worry about breaking it . I thought it looks better as well than the Jawbone . I also find if I keep the headset in my pocket and pull it out the Plantronics is easier to stick in / on my ear than the Jawbone . Upgrading from any other headset you wo n't be disappointed with either headset but the form , style and charging options made me stick with Plantronics over the Jawbone .
 I gave up on cheap headsets and spent the money on this one as soon as it came on the market . Overall I like it . The AudioIQ works pretty well , but not quite as well as I would have hoped . I still get complaints of wind noise and background noise when I 'm driving . Still , I can definitely tell a difference in the clarity of incoming audio . It 's far easier for me to hear the other end of a conference call or other conversation than it was with other headsets , or even with just the handset by itself.Additionally , I have had complaints on numerous occasions from the party I was speaking to that they could barely hear me - as if I 'm calling from halfway around the planet - and I 've had to switch from the headset to the handset . I personally find that to be pretty much unacceptable for a higher-end headset like this one . It not only happens , it happens often enough that I 've taken notice , and I may have to seek tech support to see if maybe mine is defective.The buttons are badly positioned and hard to press . Especially the main button ; if I need to operate it -LRB- which I do in order to do just about anything -RRB- I find myself grabbing hold of the unit with my thumb and middle finger , and using my index finger to press it . Otherwise it feels like I 'm trying to drive the thing into my brain because you have to push * really * hard in a direction that 's almost straight in toward your ear canal . The volume buttons are almost as bad , and are equally poorly placed.The Bluetooth connection to my phone seems weaker than it ought to be . It seems that if there is n't a direct line of sight between the headset and phone , or if you 're more than just a few feet away , you 'll get static in the audio . If I have my phone in my shirt pocket and I hug someone , the connection is lost even though the two units are only about 10 inches or so apart . I ca n't say for sure if that 's the fault of the headset or the phone -LRB- a Samsung A900M -RRB- . The unit is pretty light , and easy to wear . I wear it without the behind-the-ear piece , because I hate those -LRB- that was one of the main attractions to this unit for me ; it does n't require the use of one -RRB- . It 's very easy to put in , and once it 's there it really does a great job of staying put , even without the behind-the-ear piece to secure it.I have to admit after long periods of wearing it my ear does begin to get a bit bothered . I find myself switching it from one ear to the other several times throughout the day . Thankfully , that 's very easy to do , and it does n't bother me to do this . They include three sizes of ear piece with the headset , but having rather small-ish ears myself -LRB- or at least no larger than average -RRB- , I find the unit can not stay put unless I use the largest one . I have no idea who the medium and small ones are meant for . Children , maybe.Battery life is outstanding . I wear the thing 4 - 8 hours per day -LRB- sometimes more -RRB- , and I only need to charge it every week or two , depending on how much I actually talk on it.The unit seems to be very solidly built . The manual is pretty clear and easy to follow , and the hands-free support the 665 has is very nice . I rarely need to touch my phone when I 'm using the headset . Pairing it with my phone went flawlessly , but that is n't really a unique feature of this product these days.I think Plantronics made an unfortunate decision when they elected not to include an AC charger with this unit , instead only providing a car charger and USB charger . That does n't actually affect me since I bought it from a reseller who packages an AC charger with it , but it 's something you should be aware of because yours probably wo n't come with one.Overall I 'm pretty happy with it . I use it a lot and I intend to keep it . If I were back in the market for a headset , though , I think I probably would look around a bit more at some other units . I do n't know for sure if I 'd buy this one again or not , but I 'm not looking to get rid of it , either.Update , March 23 , 2009
 I had a difficult time finding a bluetooth headset that I really liked . I have spent a lot of time , and money , trying several styles . This is how I would rank the ones I own : # 1 . Sound ID SM100 Ear Module Bluetooth Headset . Best ear fit , sound is sharp , clear & crisp . When not on the phone the headset changes to a listening mode and hearing through it is very easy . Overall my favorite . # 2 . Plantronics Discovery -LRB- tm -RRB- 665 Bluetooth Headset . This one also has very good sound but a bit muffled , not quite as crisp as the Sound ID but still very good . If you prefer a softer sound , not as sharp , this one would be best . It is also the lightest weight and fit was quite good . # 3 . Aliph Jawbone Bluetooth Headset . I just could n't take to this headset . I found it a bit awkward , the fit in my ear was just OK . The sound was tinny , kind of like listening through a tin can . I could hear but it was harsh sounding . This one did have the loudest volume.I found myself mostly using the Sound ID , occasionally the Plantronics , and never the Aliph Jawbone.VERY IMPORTANT
 This headset delivers everything as advertised by Plantronics . I purchased this model because it is compatible with the iPhone . I really love that it is so lightweight -- definitely the lightest of all headsets I 've seen . The one feature that I find most outstanding is that the headset stores in a clip-on tube that you can keep in your shirt pocket for easy access . Also this storage tube helps to protect the headset when it is in your pocket , etc. . . My only critique is that the ear bud gets dirty very quickly and needs to be washed often . It is made out of a plastic material that is very soft to help hold the headset in your ear . But that type of material picks up dirt and dust.I liked this headset so much that I also bought one from a friend 's birthday . He has a Motorola RAZR and this headset also works great with that cellphone .
 Like a lot of other reviewers , I 've also owned several different models of headsets . This unit is by far the most wearable and usable headset I 've used which include the Jawbone , other Plantronics and Motorola models . The compact and light-weight design makes it possible to use this headset without an ear-band . This is particularly important for people , like me , who wear glasses . This headset is so easy to slip on and off your ear . No more two-handed operation . It is also very comfortable to wear and it does n't bother my ear even after an extended period of use . In comparison , the Jawbone is not as comfortable and often pinches my ear after a while . The voice quality is good but not the best , I give the Jawbone an edge on this . Nonetheless this unit gave me the most reliable voice dialing accuracy . The other units , Jawbone included , are just not consistent enough for me to use voice-dialing . This model does not come with an a/c adaptor . Rather you can recharge it through a computer USB port or a car charger and both of which are included in this model . To my surprise , my computer USB port is hot even when it is in sleep mode . So recharging can be conveniently accomplished this way.Overall , I recommend this product to people who 're looking for a light-weight headset that can be slipped on and off your ear easily , comfortable to wear , with good voice quality , and consistent voice-dialing .
 This device performs as advertised , or nearly in most everyday situations . I was impressed with the number of charging devices -LRB- USB , AC , and DC 12-volt -RRB- and the handy pen-top like carrying/charging cradle . For the $ 130 retail price I do n't think a Bluetooth headset on the market can live up to the price , but for the ~ $ 75 that I paid for it from Amazon I 'd say it 's well worth it . Bluetooth as a whole still has some distance to go with signal strength and reliability as well as power consumption . For those who have n't had the ability to test as many headsets as I have , I am not surprised to see some 5 star ratings . To those who have had some issues with this device I would suggest trying another before giving up all together and be aware that no bluetooth headset will perform WELL at distances greater than 10 ft unobstructed and as little as 3 ft when obstructed . All-in-all , another good Amazon purchase .
 Nice ear piece . Clear and very comfortable and light on the ear . However , it has a problem with disconnecting the link to my Motorola Razr when its not in use .
 Purchased this newer model to be compatible with my BlackBerry 8830 . I 've found that this newer model is much clearer than a previous one I owned . It also stays in my ear better - does n't sag . It 's also very inconspicuous since it 's so small . Personally , I do n't like those headsets that are bulky and tell everyone that you have a headset on . Highly recommend this item .
 I bought this headset thinking I could link it to two bluetooth enabled devices , since I have a personal cell phone and a business cell . It 's a great headset , nice styling , good sound on the receiving end , but some people have a hard time hearing me talk , especially if there is background noise . I personally think Plantronics is the better of the manufacturers of headsets . I 've had Motorolas , and they 're just not as good.I 've had previous Plantronics for a couple of years now . I had the Plantronics 640 , which was dual device , but the plastic casing that the earbud attaches to , wears out , and then it wo n't stay snugly in your ear . The Plantronics Discovery 510 is not good sound-wise , several buddies and myself agree , but it 's more durable . If you need to connect to two devices , get the Plantronics Discovery 650E . You just need to be fragile when taking it out and reinserting . Like the 640 , it wears out the plastic casing around the earbud over time . Overall , worth the money , and you 'll be 80 % satisfied with it , which is pretty decent in terms of bluetooth earpieces .
 So far so good . The audio quality can be spotty some times , but I have a feeling that my phone may be more at fault than the actual headset . I love the fact that it comes with a car charger , but buyers should beware that the product coming from Amazon does not include a wall charger . Just a USB cable , the car charger , and the cradle for the headset when connected to the USB cable . The headset does n't ship with an AC power adapter , so you have to use the USB cable connected to a computer as your charging solution . Not a real problem , but a bit of a pain for someone like me who travels pretty often and does n't always have a readily available , powered on , computer.The multi-purpose/call button can be hard to press/operate at times . It also takes forever to turn the device off since you have to hold the multipurpose button for about 5 seconds before the headset turns off.Overall , I 'm pretty pleased with the headset especially at the price I got it for on Amazon Gold Box Deal!ADD
 This little earpiece is amazing . The sound quality is very impressive . Teh fit in the ear canal helps block out so much sound that it can actually be difficult to hear someone if you are NOT using the phone!It weighs next to nothing and the sound quality on theother end , I 'm told , is as good as if I was n't using my headset at all.Very affordable , very comfortable , great sound quality . The only downside is the batter life is short . Make sure you have your charger with you - it doesnt ' take long to recharge it , but you will have to charge it more often than you expect .
 Plantronic Discovery 665 is good , the voice is clear and no noise.The only problem is the talk time , it comes around 2hr 30 minutes , not 3hrs -LRB- as they said -RRB- . Other then that everything is good as of today . -LRB- I am owning this from July 2008 -RRB- .
 I purchased this because I had a good experience with its predecessor -LRB- the 655 -RRB- but I hated wearing an earpiece while in the car . The Discovery 665 has a wonderful car charger/holder that allows you to dock the headset conveniently in the charger until a call arrives - at that point you simply pull the 665 out of the charger and it connects the call as you are swiftly inserting the headset into your ear . It also seems to perform better in screening out wind noise than the 655 . After the call is ended just hang up by removing the 665 from your ear and inserting it into the car charger/holder . This is a big improvement over the 655 and suits my purposes -LRB- not wearing a headset until a call arrives -RRB- very well .
 Most people ca n't even tell I 'm on my cell phone let alone a bluetooth headset.I just wish these things were n't so easy to lose . I 'm on my third already .
 I am very please with my Discovery 665 from Plantronics . Setup was very easy and the headset found my Samsung SCH-i760 right away . The controls are also very easy to work with . In other headsets I 've owned its been hard to work the controls while the headset is in use , but that 's not the case with my Discovery 665 . The headset is also very light and the earbud is very comfortable . This makes wearing it for a long period of time very easy .
 Very good clarity , so much so that you have to turn the volume down . With other ear pieces - at maximum - still could not hear . Convenient car charger . Stays in the ear perfectly - 3 sizes to choose from - to fit everyone .
 I have been using the 665 for over a month - it has great sound quality for me , and for the listener on the other end . It stays in my ear better than the headsets that require that you use the over-ear piece - I have long hair and this earpiece is the ONLY ONE that I do n't have to use 2 hands to keep in my ear . My only complaint is the charging component . For me , when you have to use 2 pieces to charge something - it increases the chances for losing one of the pieces . The 665 requires that you put the headset into this holder ; and the holder plugs into one of 3 chargers that you receive with the headset . I DO like the holder because it HAS A CLIP on it - which I use quite often -LRB- and I think it 's great that they supply a charger for car and USB connection as well as electrical outlet -RRB-
 Good1 . Excellent Clarity of sound .2 . Never disconnected from the Phone like my other bluetooth headsets .3 . Light weight .4 . Elegant Charger .5 . Easy to setup .6 . Charge stays longer.Bad1 . The key to answer the call is not comfortable .
 I use this 665 with Nokia E65.The connection is easy and it reconnects automatically if turned on again or you moved out of range.Understanding for both sides well . I have not had any complaints when using it outside , in the car or in a building . Certainly there is a little difference than having you mic/speaker directly to the head.There are three sizes of ear buds coming with the set . The medium one fits good for me and if needed there is a `` wire '' to hang it on to your ear.I had used a Motorrola headset that came with that wire thing only and found it uncomfortable to wear and sound quality not that good.Voice dealing has not been working yet but that seems to be an issue of the cells settings that I have not checked in detail.NOTE : The 6-6-5 comes with a car charger and a holder . This holder will flash a light when receiving a call.The 6-5-5 does not come with a car charger but the holder will vibrate when receiving a call.The holder must be used for charging and may be used when carrying the headset , e.g. on your belt.THAT IS WHAT THE OPERATING MANUAL SAYS!Battery life is fine for me .
 I have used Motorolla Bluetooth Headsets before and they are incredibly bulkly and ugly . The 665 is sleek and elegant looking . The sound quality is very good , every thing that I expected . The 655 includes a house charger but not the 665 , I think that is the only technical fault . It does n't make sense to charge it in the car cause thats when you need it , so the only other option is to charge it on the computer . The ear gel tips finish pretty quickly and I have already bought the replacements . I believe that the 655 offers more features , should have bought the 655 instead of the 665 .
 Very good sound quality but people ca n't seem to hear too well when the car window is down . does n't drop its signal as much as the older model . actually , I 've had this for 2 months now and i can only remember losing signal only 2 times . all in all , it 's a very good value and worth it 's price .
 There are countless carriers and cases to choose from when it comes to transporting and protecting your trusty Treo 650 . Far be it from me to recommend what 's the best choice for you ... that ultimately comes down to personal preferences and requirements . While none are perfect , some are definitely better than others.My first case was the Innopocket Aluminum hard shell and while it looks cool and protects like no other , I found it difficult to use on a daily basis . For traveling or for carrying at the bottom of a backback or briefcase , it 's a solid performer.Let 's face it , the best case when it comes to usability is no case at all . No matter what anyone may say about how accessable the ports , buttons and slots are in this case or that , bare is better.The fact that this leather case from palmOne carries the Treo 650 with the screen and keyboard facing out , and the corners exposed , leaves it unprotected and at risk to scratching or other damage.The size of the monster clip attached to the back means you wo n't be able to pop your Treo 650 into a docking cradle without first removing it from the case.And now that I mentioned it , is that a clip on your case or are you just glad to see me ? This clip is similar to the one that came with my Innopocket ... which was so thick that the phone itself seemed to stick out from my body and that I eventually decided to remove altogether . Not exactly what one would describe as sleek and stylish.My personal recommended alternative choice is the Seidio Shield Holster . In some ways it is similar to this palmOne , except that it is constructed of hard plastic , the phone sits with the face turned in -LRB- and protected -RRB- , the corners are covered , and the belt clip is more streamlined and about half as thick . If I need to use the phone , it easily pops right out into my hand . Am I really going to take it off my belt and use it inside the palmOne case ? No , I am not.While I believe the Seidio is the best case in this segment , unfortunately it is not available on A . If you are a Treo 650 user and familiar with most of the online stores , blogs and sites dedicated to the smartphone we all love , you 'll know where to look ... one of my favorites is Treonauts.I 'm not saying the palmOne leather holster is n't a good , inexpensive case ... I just think there are better options available .
 The holster keeps the Treo solidly in place with a minimum of the phone being covered -LRB- including the camera viewfinder on the back -RRB- . The standard belt clip is awkward & uncomfortable on the fingers to attach to belt .
 Good Product . Superior to one provided by manufacture through cell phone company .
 This is the best holder I 've used . Without a holder I struggled to hold onto the phone and type . I 'm very pleased with the leather feel and the ease with which I can now type .
 this holster is the best I 've tried , not bulky at all , and looks great .
 I got this phone about 2 months ago -LRB- replacing a Nokia 3360 which I gave to my daughter -RRB- and so far I have loved it . The sound quality is very good and the coverage is much improved over the 3360 and better than friends of mine get who have other phones such as the Motorola V60 on the same AT&T system in L.A. . The voice dialing works better than I expected , the infrared system works great for transferring numbers and email addresses from my Palm to the phone and I 'm even beginning to use the voice recorder -LRB- when I remember to turn it on - it would be nice if there were a one-button activation while on a call -RRB- . On the negative side , the phone is a little long but I quickly got used to it . This does make for a larger screen -LRB- which is much easier on my bad eyes -RRB- and makes it easier to deal with the buttons without having to look at the unit . There is a problem in getting accessories since this is a new model -LRB- primarily with holders , cases , etc. -RRB- but because it is in the Nokia 6000 series , headsets that worked on the 6100 series will work on this phone Plus , the button headset supplied with the phone has an on/off switch that also will activate the voice dialing so you can place calls and receive calls without removing the phone from your pocket -LRB- if you 're so inclined -RRB- . All in all , I 'm surprisingly happy with the phone .
 I am a traveling sales guy that covers much of the western US . I need the TDMA coverage this phone provides . I bought this phone 1 year ago , and have found it to be hard as nails , as well very feature rich . Lots of names , lots of voice activated dials , OUTSTANDING battery life is it 's best feature ! I lost this phone two weeks ago and pulled the old one I replaced out for short term - NO COMPARISON . The battery died mid day . I miss my 6360 . Great phone for the hard core business traveler . I used the travel alarm , and tracked cell , home , office , e-mail addresses , fax # 's -LRB- all arranged by contact name - which is great -RRB- , and sent e-mails from this phone . I 'm trying to find someone who will sell me one -LRB- cheap -RRB- without having to sign up for a service ! I 'm month to month now and like it that way ...
 I like the nokia 6360 just has 2 flaws1 . No speaker phone2 . small key pad hard to dial with one handif you can deal with that its a great phone great for business use and for a extremly organized individual
 I love this phone . It is sturdy , wo n't break or come apart if dropped , is very feature rich for the business or home user.I never have experienced an inability to get service even in the remote mountains of Colorado , and the fields of Kansas and Texas when I travel . Crystal clear reception , when my friends newer , next generation phones do n't work , I hand them mine.Excdellent !
 This is my fourth cell phone ... . from a bag phone sixyears ago , to a Nokia from 3 years ago which still worksbut does n't keep much charge to a Motorola V60 , which keptbreaking and after my third I let the contract run out ... this keeps the charge for days , has good reception , clearsound , nice features if you do n't expect it to be a computeror a Pocket PC ... -LRB- both of which I also have -RRB- ... vibratingfunction works great , as do the settings from Outdoors to Normalto Silent to Meeting , or program your own ... . terrific !
 I 've tried a few phone in my day and this one is the best I 've tried for the way I use it . I want my phone to have great coverage , long battery life and hold lots of contact information . This phone does all those things with coverage everywhere I go -LRB- and I go to some out of the way places -RRB- including North Dakota , Calgary and the British Virgin Islands . Talk time is a solid five hours in digital mode which means I only have to charge the phone once or twice a week . This is a godsend when traveling and talking a lot in airports and cabs where charging opportunities are not available.The contact and organization tools are top notch as well . The phone holds 500 contacts with five different types of information for each , so I can store name , address , email and phone number for all my contacts . Also has a calendar for scheduling appointements . Even better , the contacts and calendar sync with MS Outlook via the infrared port on my laptop.I give it 4 stars because some people might see the lack of next generation services and a color screen as flaws . That aside , if you 're looking for a solid piece of equipment that does the basics extremely well then this is the phone for you .
 this is a good phone . it is lightweight and compact , has 5 built-in games , a voice memo recorder , and voice activated dialing & commands . you can download up to 20 ring tones , store up to 500 contacts with up to 5 numbers and 4 text entries per contact in the phonebook . you can also stay connected with up to 5.2 hours of talk time and up to 376 hours of standby time .
 My first digital phone was a Motorola DPC-950 in 1996I 've had this phone for over a year -LRB- two ? -RRB- and have to say it is well made . I 've dropped this thing on the floor , the road , the desk , probably more than 30 timesIt has no color display , no fancy ringtones . But it DOES have an external antenna jack , and combined with a little magnetic mount 10 inch tall cell phone antenna on my car and a cable ran through the trunk I love this thing on road trips . Coverage in the boonies with the antenna -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- is superb.It ai n't fancy , but if what you want is a phone that makes and receives calls this is a good phone . It is TDMA .
 the battery that came with the phone lasted since 2005 to about three months ago , so i guess that 's pretty good . this one is just as the original so I 'm expecting good performance over the years . For now all i can say is that last 4 days without charging with moderate use so i think is fair . Completely satisfied .
 The first battery sent would not hold a charge so the shipped me another one FREE OF CHARGE !!! Great company to do business with .
 THIS IS A GREAT PLACE TO SHOP FOR CELL PHONE PRODUCTS . I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS . I WILL SHOP HERE AGAIN .
 This charger is indeed better than the factory plug-in charger . I only gave it 4 stars because it is still touchy if the phone is not placed in correct .
 I have two Motorola phones and so far both of these phones are charging up fine with this desktop charger . I have not tried charging an individual battery yet . I have also changed the default charge time on my phone to eight hours . I do n't know if this makes any difference . Per other reviews , I do n't pay any attention to the LCD charging display on the desktop unit .
 Just as good as a Motorola product with easy to read charging display .
 I have a spare battery in the charger for times the phone is dead or near dead and I 'm in a hurry to leave . Or if I 'll be home all night I can use the complete phone portion of the charger and just plunk the phone into it . Works great , has a charge level indicator and the price is right .
 Item arrived before it was due . Also much cheaper than any of the competition .
 The dual well desktop charger for the Motorola cell phones makes charging the phone so much easier . Just place the phone on the charger , the display lets you know that the charging is underway . Works well if the phone is on or off . It is a good way to keep a phone charging when you are home . I 've used a desktop charging cradle for years with my amateur radios and this makes it easy to be serious about keeping the phone charged so that it can be used when you need to use it . Do n't have a spare battery but the second well is to keep a spare battery at top charge until needed .
 My cellphone is Motorola V600 but its battery is old fashion . When I bought a new model battery , my phone can not charge my new battery . So I bought this device . I can charge both of my battery .
 I love this charger ! I use the internet a lot and am always using up my battery power in just a few hours . I just put the old battery into the charger and the new one in my phone . You constantally have a charged battery ! Ive been using this charger for six months and have had no problems . I do not reccomend any other home or office motorolla charger more than this one , great product !!!!
 If you need a simple phone this is for you . I lost my phone . AT&T wanted $ 350 for an unlocked Razor . No way that was going to happen . I still had a year on my plan so I needed an unlocked phone . I do n't take pictures , text or any of that stuff . I just want to call out and take a few calls when I wish to . Why pay for extra features you do not use . The buttons a good , large and the menu is easy to use . The phone is compact and the sound is great . No issues . I just put in my sim card and went .
 I 've had this phone for over a year now -LRB- 38 hours dialed , 80 hours received -RRB- . It 's a tough and simple phone.It fell in water -LRB- I opened it and dried it -RRB- and several times was `` thrown '' on the floor by mistake and it 's still working fine.The battery lasts several day . I usually charge it once a week.Update from February 2009
 I bought this phone after being a loyal Motorola customer for years . After starting with a Nokia phone , I wanted a clamshell type phone , so began using a Motorola . I recently purchased this Nokia for the performance that I rely on from Nokia phones . I was not dissappointed . I am very happy with this phone . I purchased it ` unlocked ' and have been very happy with its performance . I am a Cingular customer , and did not want to sign a new contract just to get a new phone . Great buy !
 I want my phone to be just that , a phone . An this offers all the features you might need in one . Great SMS texting , good battery life and reception.You can never go wrong with Nokia .
 I have t say this is a pretty good phone . I 've had it for about three years now . The original one I had was defected and after having it replaced I 've seen no problems since . Awesome battery life and cool features . It 's not high tech by far , but if you 're looking for a decent phone this is it . I love it so much I 'm thinking of buying a third one ! It 's one of those phones you can depend on .
 good and cheap very simple to handle buth the motorola is more simple . jacob puister costa rica
 NOKIA 6103 WAS SHIPPED VERY FAST AN IT WORKES GREATVERY HAPPY THANK YOURICH KAZAKA
 This is the best cellphone I 've owned . Simple , Effective & Rugged ... just like me . The FM reception is unsurpassed and superior to any proper radio I 've tried , even in the wretched airport flight path under which I deliver mail . Pristine `` Live at the Met '' on Saturdays , daily Democracy Now ! and NPR all day long help keep me sane enough to execute my mundane duties with a tear & a smile . Oh , yeah ... the PHONE calls sound great as well.Virtually indestructible , it has been repeatedly dropped by my 10 thumbs on cement pavements and asphalt alike.Unfortunately , I 've come up with two -LRB- so far -RRB- ways to ruin it : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Drop it in a mug of beer . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Forget it 's in your pants , throw it in the wash AND heat-dry it.Irregardless of my human stupidity , it has proven itself to be a great phone . I 'm going to buy another one right now . Wish me luck ... ?
 I 've used this phone over 136 hours since purchase via T-mobile last December 2008 . Good reception , good feel to keyboard , very loud/useful speaker-phone -LRB- can set on desk and both parties hear OK -RRB- and so-so camera . If you need an older but reliable phone , this one will work for you . I bought a second off ebay just to have a backup in case I lost this one . Cheap insurance .
 Perfect replacement for my broken Nokia 6102i . The only annoyance is the `` Rogers '' logo on the screen and the phone itself . We do n't have Rogers here in the US . But who does n't love Canadians ?!
 From one end of the spectrum to the other , Nokias are the best . I have this one as well as an e90 Communicator . You just ca n't go wrong with Nokias . The 6103 does n't have wifi , but for a really simple phone , it 's great . Unfortunately though , I bought my 6103 from Dr Cell Phone and it is n't unlocked as they claim .
 The phone has all the capabilities of a cell phone and a PDA all in one . The camera takes pictures and videos at a resolution of 640x480 which is decent . In fact that 's the resolution I get out of my handycam at the moment -LRB- though that 's a fairly old camera now -RRB- . The speakerphone is a bit weak in comparison to other phone models on the market but I feel that the bluetooth feature more than makes up for that . Bluetooth allows you to use wireless headsets and to wirelessly syncronize the PDA and contact lists with your computer.The only 2 drawbacks that I 've had with the phone are loading times and handwriting recognition . The menus -LRB- like all Sony-Ericsson phones -RRB- take a little time to react and load . This can get a little frustrating but after a little use , I got used to it . The handwriting recognition is not Graphitti -LRB- PalmOS -RRB- instead it uses the Symbian OS and something called JotPro . Personally I was already used to PalmOS and Graphitti and still have trouble after more than a month with the writing system , but I can see how this system is more intuitive and would be easier to use for new PDA users.All in all , a good phone/PDA .
 There is nothing more you need , if you have a Sony Ericsson P900 phone . It truly does combine all needs into one device.First of all , it looks beautiful , and is made out of some special plastic which is hard to scratch -LRB- I 've had it in my pocket with change and keys numerous times , and have not seen a single scratch -RRB- . Its screen color and resolution quality is amazing . You can get rid of your family pictures from wallet and keep them in your phone . It also takes better pictures and video -LRB- with sound -RRB- than some of the other PDAs I 've seen.Add more memory -LRB- default is 32MB -RRB- , and you will fully enjoy its MP3 player , voice recording -LRB- for lectures or meetings -RRB- , camera , file backup , and many other capabilities . I like using its handwriting software -LRB- recognizes your natural style -RRB- - better than of Palm . It 's finally nice to be able to browse a web page in color and pictures , just as you would on your PC.BlueTooth is also neat to have - you can copy data and use it as a modem for your laptop while keeping it in your pocket , or even have it as a remote control for your power point slides -LRB- you can attach a laser pointer to it -RRB- , and find many other utilizations for it.But none of the above important if it does n't do its main function well - being a good cell phone . It has an easy to navigate menu , does n't take more than 4 keystrokes to find and dial a number , long lasting battery , good reception , speakerphone , etc. . . and not much bigger or heavier than an average phone.The only thing I wish it had is 802.11 b wireless . But regardless , it 's definitely the best unit you 'll see on the market.So , next time you see someone walking with their cell phones , iPods , PDAs , camcorder , blackberry , sound recorder and USB memory , tell them to get a P900 instead ; - -RRB-
 Great all in one . New software available at Handango means you can carry your office -LRB- word , excel -RRB- files with you . Memory stick duo is fine , although most of the products I use are SD card , but not a deal breaker as I have multiple card usb readers at the office and at home -LRB- Lexar has a small Jumpdrive that 's good -RRB- . Symbian mobipocket reader reads palm ebook reader format , so it 's great for ebooks in that format . So far will not read acrobat files , but they 're working on it . Before I was carrying a Sony Ericsson 610 and a Palm Tungsten T. I replaced those TWO devices with this ONE .
 This case is great and very sturdy - it has helped me to protect my phone and much more confortable on my belt than the case that clip that comes with the case . It covers most of the of the vital areas , but in some areas it has some loose ends . For instance , the plastic part over the clock on the cover is loose at the top and grime/dirt easily gets down into that area . Luckly , the case comes off very easily and can be cleaned , but it is a hassle .
 An extra Lithium battery is ideal for the new i860 camera phone . The desktop charger comes with a second charging slot so you always have a spare battery ready for those last minute low battery alerts . It saves time and one last thing to worry about . The charge itself is fast too . . I have found the 750 mah Lithium Ion Battery to be dependable nomatter at what stage of the remainng battery life you begin recharging . It does n't weakin as did my i1000 battery when charging started at mid range.However , the first time you charge or recharge your Lithium battery is the most important charge of all . You must let the initial or first chatge run out completey before begining to recharge the battery . The `` deader '' the battery on it 's first run the better the life of the battery and standby time for charges to come.Highly recommended .
 My daughter opened it and was excited . She loves her new phone and it is easy to manage .
 This charged worked great , however the phone died after having charger only for about 2 weeks :--LRB- -LRB- had nothing to do with the charger ! LOL -RRB- . This charger really does charge the phone very quickly .
 exactly what I ordered . love it . wonderful service and it arrived in no time at all .
 Great item to have handy in the car ! I keep this one in the car for back up .
 I 've used this headset with my Sony Ericsson T616 for about a month , and it 's been a solid all-around performer . Clear call quality , excellent battery life , and very comfortable fit.The only real drawbacks are the size of the charger/coffin/cradle and the somewhat slow response time when connecting with my phone . All in all , I 'm a satisfied customer .
 A comment before mentioned a `` one stunningly idiotic design flaw '' - Rotating the mic boom too far is possible.You can feel a resistance when you try to rotate it more than it was designed for . ALSO the manual mentioned in BOLD LETTERS that forcing above this point it will harm the headset.What i do n't like on this phone is that pressing the multi-function button hurts after a while.I used the headset for my Sony cellphone as well for my Voice over IP -LRB- Skype -RRB- and it works really well .
 This is the best bluetooth headset out there . The microphone works great in noisy environments where my regular handsfree would be loud . Battery lifetime is good , and the case is great.The blue light flashing on the side can be covered with a small sticker or small piece of tape so you wo n't draw attention to yourself.I have a Sony/Ericsson T610 phone and setup was easy.The features of the headset make it worth the money .
 I 've now tried the Jabra 250 and if it had a noise canceling mic it would be my hands down favorite for comfort . Now with that said I have also bought the new Sony HBH 300 and am largely disappointed in it as it does n't last long enough between charges and the volume is too low . Now for the Logitech.I bought this unit before my bluetooth phone even arrived to test it with my wife 's phone . This unit has enough volume control to knock your head off if you want . I ca n't see that you could ask for more control on that front . The battery lasts most all day which is a real plus . Another real plus is that you can have this clipped onto your shirt pocket or purse and when the phone rings , just pick it up and you can easily put it on with one hand . In addition this unit is so comfortable to your ear where the speaker lays up against it . The only reason I did n't give this a 5 star rating is that it does get somewhat uncomfortable if you wear it all day without taking it off because the clamping forks apply pressure to the top and bottom of the ear . This may be something that I 'll get used to over time and is not an issue at all if you take it off between calls which is really no problem at all . The only other reason I do n't give it a 5 star is that it does not have a car charger and this is something that wo n't be important to everyone , but is a feature I 'd like to have . This unit is worth the money and no one ever knows you are on a hands free with it either .
 Caveat
 Logitech has produced a great bluetooth headset . I was able to pair the device with my SE T610 on the first try and it worked perfectly . I was a little unsure about the device at first , because there is almost no description for the headset , and no picture . Not to mention that the price is well below what some other manufacturers are charging for products that do n't have the battery life or quality , but went ahead and purchased it because of another good review . I would have rated this product at five stars if the status light were a little less conspicuous -LRB- maybe not on the outside of the headset -RRB- . Something about a little blue flashy light on the headset draws people 's attention.PROS : -- great range -- great sound quality -- ease of use -- long battery lifeCONS : -- status light on the outside of the headsetUPDATE -- the one major problem that I had with this headset was that the boom mic broke after being overextended .
 I have owned the Sony Ericsson HBH-60 and this logitech mobile bluetooth headset . I eBay'ed the HBH-60 . Why ? This headset has the longest battery life of all the bluetooth headsets , which means it is actually useful . Who cares if you have a bluetooth headset if it can only work for 1 or 2 hours at a time ! This headset , if you charge it at night , is a headset you can take with you through the day to work -LRB- and night -RRB- and not worry if it will die on you.The other pros/cons ... do n't matter as much . I have never had a problem with the boom mic , the charger is a bit clunky ... but who cares ! This headset has enough battery life that it gives you the most utility of all bluetooth headsets .
 Update
 This is my third bluetooth headset after Motorola HS-810 and Jebra 250 . I absolutely love it . Here is the comparison : Pairing
 After reading reviews , I was expecting a delicate , balky headset with average sound and a huge charger base.What I got was a headset that connected to my SonyEricsson T68i with no trouble , including voice dialing . The range is what you 'd expect for Bluetooth , ~ 10m . The audio in both directions is much better than the wired earbud that came with the phone . Other reviews refer to the boom as fragile . If you treat it reasonably , there 's no way you will break it . The `` coffin '' dock station is a plus , since I can stick it in a bag for travel and it will actually protect the headset . It is a little bulky next to the competition , but I knew that going in , and I prefer the `` over-the-ear '' style - I think it provides better outside noise muffling.All in all , a good purchase . Also , I bought from Amazon with Free Super Saver shipping and expected to wait a week and a half ... it arrived THE NEXT DAY : -RRB- 4 instead of 5 because of the bulky charger brick in addition to the dock station .
 I have a SE T610 phone and bought this headset because I was constantly getting entangled by SE 's wired Headset . Pairing this Bluetooth headset with the phone was a little bit of an adventure and frustrating at first . Just make sure you press `` more '' on the right hand side of the T-Mobile T610 phone and add it on in `` Handsfree '' mode . I initially just added the headset on generically without specifying the `` Handsfree '' mode and found the phone `` deleting '' the device after I would restart the headset and phone . But everything is fine and stable in `` handsfree '' mode.The sound quality is very clear and I find the range to be decent . Moreover , this bluetooth headset works very well with the voice tags on the SE T610 phone . One need only touch the multifunction task button on the headset for one second to activate voice dialing . It works very well in my car and inside my house . When I walk outside sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . I have not tried the included microphone covers yet . Perhaps that will help when I 'm outside.I have had problems getting the headset to respond to the `` Answer '' and `` Busy '' Voice Commands on the SE T610 . But that is not a major issue . I just answer calls now by touching the multifunction task button.I recommend this headset . But it is very geeky looking . I do n't have a problem with that except when I 'm with my girl and I feel like kissing her passionately . Moreover , anyone who could break the microphone off the headset has to be really forcing the issue against all common sense.I have small ears so after 3 hours of use I feel some discomfit so I have to change the headset to my other ear . Then it is fine .
 I spend a lot of time on the cell phone ... 3000 + minutes/month . Most of the time is in the car -LRB- and mine has very loud road noise -RRB- . I was able to pick up the new HP iPAQ PocketPC phone with bluetooth . I figured that since it had bluetooth , I 'd go all the way with the headset also ... after much research I settled on the Logitech ... awesome choice !!! It fits really well and the volume it puts out is 2nd to none -LRB- I 've had the one 's with volume control -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like about it is that my voice command does n't work very well . I 've found that this is not the fault of the headset ... it is a HP issue . I 'll figure it out ... but after many corded and non-corded headsets ... this sets the standard . Very well done guys .
 This is a convenient and totally protective carrying case for your Treo 600 -LRB- and there are similar versions for more recent models -RRB- . Previously I inadvertently ordered what I now realize were cheap unauthorized replicas of this product , from Hong Kong , and I had a lot of problems with wear and tear of the plastic fitting attached to the case , which fits in the belt clip.In this product made by Saunders , the fitting is made of metal and will last forever.The workmanship is superb , there is a beautiful clear plastic window to view the screen and all the importnant controls are at your fingertips.Its main advantages are its robustness protecting the delicate screen from falls and its lightness . Made of aluminum it is like a feather.Great !!
 Battery appears to be as good a quality as the original that came with my phone . I am pleased with my purchase , but I was displeased wtih the shipping costs -LRB- ~ 11 dollars for two tiny batteries -RRB- . The costs were higher because the batteries did not ship directly from Amazon .
 I received the battery before they said I would , it fit the phone , but I had dropped the phone while riding my motorcycle which trashed the OEM battery . There was nothing wrong with battery the phone was now broken and new battery ended up not being need , but over all this was a positive purchase
 This battery arrived fast , fits , and works well . I highly recommend this seller .
 I purchased 2 of these batteries for our Sanyo RL 4920 phones . They were a perfect fit and have performed as the original batteries did for 3 months to date . I would purchase again .
 Found that the price was very reasonable and the product arrived on time and never had to contact the customer service .
 Perfect fit . Screen goes on the inside on a felt surface . Very good quality with easy to insert and release the phone . Unlike other holster , this on is very slim . I had to have before the summer as I 'm losing my Jacket pockets .
 Was exactly what I was looking for . Slim , snug , secure . Had a boxwave for Hero and it outlasted the phone .
 my original purchase broke on the second day and i didnt save the case but i did have the metal piece i explained this to boxwave and they understood and sent me another one free of charge . .
 I just received my clip today 07/21/2011 , and I am very impressed with it 's sturdiness.The phone clips in very securely.It also has a felt back to protect the phones screen.It also seems to be coated with a rubbery type substance to make it non slippery.I 'm very pleased .
 I was expecting something pretty good for the price but I think I got something better . It fits my Evo 4G really snugged and the inner fabric that protect the glass is not cheap quality at all . So far ... worth every penny .
 Very well built case . As low of a profile as you can get with the EVO . You can still see the message indicators on the phone when the holster is attached . Excellent product .
 I searched high and low for a quality belt clip for my HTC EVO , I stumbled upon this on and was very leery that it would n't accommodate my extended battery cover , lo and behold , everything works harmoniously together ! I love the rubberized finish and the inner felt face protector Box Wave makes quality products and they shipped EXTREMELY fast !
 Quick to ship and items are exactly as advertised . I recommend this product to any one with a htc evo
 I have previously bought 2 other holsters , 1 good quality , 1 very inexpensive . Both of these failed quickly . The Boxwave seems to be well constructed , and tolerates the abuse I give it on a daily basis . Delivery was very quick , within 4 days .
 I have had this for about a week now . It seems durable and holds my EVO 4G in place . Hoping it lasts .
 The BoxWave Evo Holster Clip is awesome ! It 's smooth , sleek , professional , well-constructed and comfortable ! If you 're looking for an Evo Holster Clip , look no further BoxWave is the way to go !! : - -RRB-
 This case was amazing . I love it . I would definatley get it again , if i need to ! i really do enjoy it !
 Nice case , fits phone great . Clip could be a little more user friendly . Case has nice smooth finish and felt for phone side .
 This product works as it should , slightly thinner material but so far has held up , you should note that your phone will not fit this if you have the cover on it , this holder only works on your phone without the protective cover that goes around the phone , so it was a bit of an adjustment getting the phone off the catch when it rang -LRB- always had a cover on mine -RRB- . I would buy this again if needed .
 The Hypergear Case -LRB- Kangaroo Pouch Cellphone Pouch -RRB- is practical and keeps your cellphone handy and safe . The animal print is whimsical and goes with almost everything .
 I found that these work wonderfully on a Jawbone II as well , and make it actually comfortable enougth to use on a regular basis . it also improves the sound quality by directing the sound directly into the ear canal.Listen up Jawbone ! Someone else makse something to fix your problem !
 These are the standard , OEM Ear Gels , nothing special about them , but perfect replacements for worn-out or lost Gels.Personally , I think the small ones are useless because they do not actually reach my ear canal , but the large ones are perfect fits!Buy a pack and always have a spare in case you lose one , or just need to replace the one that is worn-out and discolored .
 These gels were as described . . work great with my bluetooth and I like the 2 different size options . Nice to have the extra gels . . never know when you might lose them . I would definitely buy again from this seller and this product . Thanks
 I purchased these for my Jawbone II . It 's a great headset , but the sound quality is n't too good -LRB- phenomenal for the person I 'm talking to , but not for me -RRB- . The included kit does n't make a good seal in my ear , and it 's not loud enough on most calls.These ear gels fit on the Jawbone II . They 're a little small , so it 's not a perfect fit , but I have n't had one fall off yet.The fit in my ear is another story . When I first used them the Jawbone kept falling out and putting on one of the bands pulls the set at an angle that pulls the tip of the ear gel out of my ear . I was ready to cut my losses when I decided to try my other ear ... fits perfectly . Since the ear gels are n't really that soft or pliable , I think it really depends on the shape of your ear . In my case , I 'm quite happy using them on my Jawbone , but your mileage my vary .
 The longer ones that are included do fit into your ear a little deeper to prevent background noise which is nice . Otherwise , exactly as expected .
 tnx for sending the Sony Ericcson T300 battery in a timely manner . It fits just fine . good luck , Elaine Bonnough
 Great product . I could not find this case in any store , so I am grateful to have found it on the internet . Delivery was fast . I am very pleased .
 The only reason I could n't give this a 5 is because I use a cradle to charge/sync my Treo and I have to take the case off in order to put it in the cradle . Otherwise , I do n't go anywhere without it .
 The holster is a good mix of rubber , plastic and some type of a anti-scratch surface overlaying the inner portion of the holster . The swivel is very sturdy and it does n't seem like it 's attachments will waver at the pivot point in the next couple of months/years . I 've had a myriad amount of years of experience with cellphone holsters and this product is is right there at the top .
 This Phone Is Great I Just Got It And Love It Good Service Great Digital Camera Mp3 Player Good Consindering That This Is A Cell Phone Cool Swivel Design More Memory Than My Last Phone Z500a I Was Going To Get The Black Motorola Razor Until I Heard About The Durability One Drop And It Will Break
 I really enjoy this phone . It is sleek , easy to use . The screen is great . The color resolution , and the camera is great as well . You can not go wrong buying this phone . You will really like it.It has a 1.3 MP camera , which it takes a Memory Stick Duo card , and can be inserted into any computer or printer with a pict bridge . You can play MP3s on this phone as well . It has a speakerphone , and the quality of sound is supurb.Sony is quality , and if you purchase this phone , you will be very pleased .
 This is a great cell phone , nice reception , extremely cool and with the best screen I 've seen so far . However , the camera is a huge disappointment . Do n't ever try to take night pictures , they just wo n't come out righ . Also do n't dare trying to take the picture of any moving object because the only thing you 'll get is a big blur . Under good light conditions you can get a very decent picture .
 Some people unintentionally overlook this feature , but you need to create a NEW FOLDER in the mp3 player -LRB- please see instruction manual -RRB- . Then you can play your mp3s without having to listen to the ringtones also.Regarding the phone itself , it is different in a good way . I personally like the phone because it is big and has some weight . I do n't like the current trend of phones being so small and light -LRB- ever see `` Zoolander '' -RRB- . Also , the screen is so very vivid . Sometimes people are negative about the phone because price is an issue for them . Almost every negative interview I have read usually boils down to the phone being too expensive . `` Sometimes , you just need to splurge every now and then . ''
 Alright , I never used my cell phone much until this was given to me by my brother . It has a camera . It has an MP3 player . I 've figured out so many ways to amuse myself with this phone . I admit I 've gotten bored as you usually do with ` toys ' , but this phone is quality as well . The speakerphone is excellent . The charge seems to last forever . The games are similar to a PS2 quality , if not basically the same -LRB- visually that is -RRB- . It has Memory Stick Duo which can hold MP3 's , pictures and whatever else . This phone also has BLUETOOTH technology and infrared , which stunned me one day at Staples when I sent a picture on my phone to a PDA on display in the store . And it was free . It is easy to use and there are so many options with this phone . It has EDGE and GSM data communication . It does everything . The screen is gigantic and has the best of any phone I have seen . This phone might be a little outdated -LRB- who cares -RRB- but I like it . The only issue is the fact that it 's really large ... but that does n't bother me . It has everything . Record movie clips , pictures ... sound recording , media maker , all kinds of things you can do to amuse yourself.If you 're looking to purchase a cell phone and you 're pricing digital cameras as well , I 'd go for this and save money . The 1.3 MP camera is n't the best you can get -- -LRB- I 'd go for Sony 's 7.3 Cybershot or my personal favorite the Sony Cybershot W5 -RRB- ... but this phone will do everything you could want ... and more than you need probably ... probably way more than you need .
 I 've been with sprint for a long time so this phone 's interface took some getting used to . I do n't regret the learning curve at all though because this phone is so nice . It does everything , and the screen is beautiful . I do keep a sidekick II as well though because I do a lot of texting and emailing , but the T9 responds quickly , which is better than I 've seen on other phones . There is a lag between when you hit the buttons and they respond , and as mentioned before this is annoying , but you get used to it .
 this is a great phone i have used the s700i wich is basicly the exact same thing only in silver rather than black , and dosnt have the EDGE updated card inside . . its also got an fm player but thats pretty much worthles to me -LRB- maybe not to some of you -RRB- . this phone is ready for purchase but cingular is holding onto it becuse they dont want it to interfear with their marketing campaign for the moterola razr phone . . its really a sad thing . . i wholy sugest buying this phone unlocked and useing t-moble or some other company besides cingular to provide your service . . infact im on hold right now with cingular just trying to find out if they have announced when they are finaly going to release this product and i have been on hold for about 15 minuets . . never have i been so insulted by a company than when i have to deal with cingular . . great phone . . bad situation . . terible company that has rights to itsony ericsson is great . . cingular , bad .
 Overall this is a nice phone . Its the kind of phone that you would most definitely show off to your friends or co-workers . The only problems are the slow OS -LRB- you have to wait a couple secs for the menus -RRB- , and the slippery buttons . On the upside , it has a built in mp3 player , comes with a 32MB memory stick duo , and it also has a 1.3 Megapixel video/still camera . It ca n't compete with the top of the line digital cameras , but it is one of the best camera phones out now . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This phone has a really great `` cool factor '' and the screen , and camera are both very good . My reception is only so-so . However , the main problem with the phone is the battery ! The life is really bad and you should plan on charging it alot . Also , the buttons are really hard to get at sometimes , as they are quite slippery ! Another bad feature is that the thing can play MP3 's but because it only takes Memory Stick Duo , it can only play 128 megs of songs ! Thats really not going to do anybody that much good . If you are looking for a really sleek looking phone with a nice quality camera , then this phone should be at the top of your list . Everyone else , however , who is looking for quality and battery life among other things , keep looking !
 I bought this phone after a long dilemma between this and Razor , I am glad that I settled for this baby , Hats off for Sony Ericsson.I 'm one of those ppl who do a LOT of research before buying anything . And believe me , Razor does not even come close to this phone , its sleek thats it , and ofcourse , most motorolas are pieces of junk.Everyone say this phone is expensive and big and bulky , ppl please see what the bloody thing is packing !!! The camera quality is amazing , the best I 've seen so far and believe me I 've seen quite a bit , even better that Nokia 's 1.3 . The only better thing might be the z800 -LRB- if I am not wrong -RRB- which packs a better camera.The Swivel action is so cool . But let me get this clear , it 's `` technically '' 360 degrees rotational , but practically only 180 . You can close ONLY the way you opened it , but i guess it helps to keep screws from loosening or something.The screen , OMG , its beautiful , the clarity is amazing , and its huge . Please take care of it , its too vulnerable to scratches , get PDA protectors or something , Fully functional MP3 player , its kinda boo that only 128 megs can be put in , but i can get like 6 128 mb cards for less than 30 bucks . But yeah lack of PRO support pisses me off . Most ppl think you cant do anything on the phone when the MP3 player is ON . but you can minimize your player and get on with your other stuff.The clarity is not like any cheap player , its almost as good as an iPod , the headset provided is decent , but the sad thing is you cant put in your own headphones , you 'll have to use a sony 's only.I think they renewed the firmware or something , so the UI is not as slow as people say it is.The reception is awesome , you wont know how good it is until you use it.So yeah , want advice ? buy it
 I just got the S710a two days ago and it is a great phone . I bought it to upgrade from my recently defunct Motorola V400 . The reception and sound quality blow the V400 out of the water . Also , the digi cam is fantastic quality , but you ca n't rely on it as your sole digital camera because it is only 1.3 MP , which the standard on cameras today is 3.2-5 MP.The unit is larger than many cell phones . I would suggest that you check it out in the store prior to buying it online . It can def fit in a pants , shorts , and jackets . However , it probably wo n't fit in shirt pockets or tight jeans . I like the size and it is comfortable to use.Pro : Great reception -LRB- the third best for Cingular -RRB- 1.3 MP cameraGreat bluetooth support -LRB- worked on my Mac -RRB- Plays MP3s and AAC filesCan take pictures & videoAmazing screenCon : Large sizeExternal screen might scratch easily -LRB- buy PDA screen protectors -RRB- The videos it takes are very low qualityFinally , the camera makes a noise when pictures are taken . This * can * be turned off . Just start camera mode , click settings , find shutter sound , and then select none .
 This is one the best phone that I have owned so far . The screen is unmatched and the speaker is loud and clear . Reception is comparable with Nokia which are known for the best reception in GSM . I like this phone a lot . Menu speed does n't bother me and I am sure that a firmware release will remedy this . If you have used Nokia , Motorola , or any other GSM phone , do your self a favor and step up to this phone . It will blow everything else in the water . Swivel design is great and the camera really shines for a camera phone . Plenty of on-board memory and you can use Memory Stick Duo cards up to 128MB each if you need more space for pictures and MP3s . A lot of built in functions like calendar , timer , stop watch , notes , etc. . Themes can be downloaded to make the phone look unique . There are plenty of free themes available at Zedge online . All you have to do is register for free . You can them transfer them to your phone wirelessly if you have a Bluetooth adapter . Sony Ericsson phones are known for their fully functional and excellent Bluetooth . Apple Macs and Sony Ericsson phones were made for each other in the Bluetooth world .
 I am happy with the phone function as a phone -- great reception , clear graphic display , and loud speaker phone . But what I enjoy most about this phone is its ability to connect with my computers
 Pros
 I 've been using my S710 for about a week now and thus far I have been tremendously impressed.The clarity , brightness and color saturation of this superbly large display makes this phone really shine for people like myself who have vision problems and hate squinting at the little LCD or small color displays on most phones.The camera takes excellent pictures for a cell phone digicam and is extremely easy to use . The user interface around zooming , cropping , manipulating and mailing pictures to others is excellent as well.Another stand out feature is a really impressive array of Bluetooth profiles supported , and done right . If you have a Mac you will be pleasantly surprised at how seamless things like file transfer , remote browsing and ICal/Addressbook sync with ISync are . Being able to update the phone 's address book from the Mac with a single button press is a joy.This phone is one of the first with a big enough display and a solid enough J2ME implementation to make using sophisticated J2ME apps entirely palatable.The only cons are very minor and actually quite understandable - I 'm not sure how they could have been done any different . First , battery drain is fairly quick compared to phones with smaller displays , however it 's not voracious or unusable by any stretch - just keep an eye on things and charge early and often and you should be fine . Also , the camera piece can be somewhat awkward to hold steady , but again being an amalgamation of camera and phone I 'm entirely unsure as to how this could be improved upon.Overall I love this phone , and would recommend it to anyone needing something more capable than the average flip phone .
 After comparing the top of the line phones from different vendors I ended up chosing this one . I 've had the phone for 2 weeks already and I love it.The graphics on this cell are awesome , the menu is gorgeous and the phone design is really cool.The camera quality is decent , NOT great , however I still havent a seen a cellphone that makes perfect pictures . It can also record video but the image gets distorted rather quickly by fast movements.The menu also lags whenever you press a button , but I feel is a small price to pay given the high graphics . The battery doesnt really last that much either . On average , between playing with the camera , talking , and playing games on it I get about 2 hours worth of talk time spread out in 2 days .
 This is a very good cell phone and Amazon.com gives the best deal . But , you ca n't transfer your old phone number from different provider to Cingular through Amazon.com . If you transfer your old phone number , you wo n't get your amazon.com mail-in rebate . Please read amazon.com mail-in rebate rules carefully !!! You can read about how to transfer your number through this link
 This phone is my first phone ever , I 've had it since about October and it works well , the only problems with it is that it sometimes sounds like you 're in an echoing hallway when talking . Sometimes the phone breaks up completley on full signal , I must have missed at least 10 calls , other than those two problems it is great .
 I 've had this phone for a good while close to 1 year now . Do n't believe all those other reviews that complain about something on this phone . It 's an outdated phone because it was released 1st or 2nd quarter of last year . Obviously every quarter they keep improving in features and firmware on the phones . For the price now , this would be a great starter . It was originally 600 dollars .
 This is a nice , versatile phone . I think of it as a camera that I can make calls with , rather than a phone that I can take pictures with . The expandable memory is great for storing music or photos on.The interface is easy to use.I have Cingular service ; Cingular has been easy to work with so far , but Amazon messed up completely with their part of the new service setup . -LRB- They did NOTHING that they were supposed to do as resellers , but Cingular was able to set everything up for us after an hour on the phone with them . -RRB- I think this is a good phone , but DO NOT have Amazon sell you the service . Find another outlet or deal directly with Cingular .
 I have no complaints about this phone . It does what it is supposed to . It works well and is fun to use . I am switching from a Motorola phone that was nothing but frustrating . I used to love motorolas but they have really not kept up with the new operating systems that are out . It was a joy to use the Sony OS and have things work like they should . I could have gotten the Razor for free but paid $ 100 for the sony instead and i am glad i did . I have owned a lot of cell phones in my life and have no problem recomending this one .
 I have no complaints about this phone . It does what it is supposed to . It works well and is fun to use . I am switching from a Motorola phone that was nothing but frustrating . I used to love motorolas but they have really not kept up with the new operating systems that are out . It was a joy to use the Sony OS and have things work like they should . I could have gotten the Razor for free but paid $ 100 for the sony instead and i am glad i did . I have owned a lot of cell phones in my life and have no problem recomending this one .
 First of all , I want to let you know that this phone has been EVERYWHERE with me , I 've had it for 3 years . Here 's why :1 -RRB- This phone has everything you need , from writing e-mails to making videos . I can easily stay on track with work e-mails without walking around with a gigantic blackberry . Writing e-mails is a snap , no extra fee 's are required . The camera has a 1.3 MP camera with a light -LRB- not just a flash -RRB- that is rival to the luxor in Las Vegas . With one button you can switch to video mode , and choose where you want to save the vids/pics . This phone also has AIM ... awesome . Many games were made for this phone by now and are easily transferable to the phone using bluetooth from your computer -LRB- why get online with the phone and mess around with WAP ? -RRB- . Some programs for your computer even alow you to text , call , write notes , etc. through your computer . It 's fun and free . The bluetooth technology on this phone is great . There 's countless sites to download free games , free themes , apps , etc. . This phone has it all , calenders , stopwatch , alarms , mp3 player , video player , music DJ , and countless software to download and use , like a metric converter , first aid guide , and yahoo IM . You can hook up headphones to this thing and rock your way around the streets without having a mas puto bluetooth hanging off your ear . There is also a lock switch that 's very unique . It 's not an eye sore , you do n't have to press buttons to unlock it , all you do is slide the spring-retention switch and you 're ready for use . This is much better than most phones because there 's NO WAY to accidently call , get online , etc. while it 's in your pocket , bag , or car . It 's MUCH better than the lock switch on the PSP -LRB- which is the SAME switch for the power , dumb -RRB- .2 -RRB- The durability is phenominal . Through the years I 've dropped it in a lake in Alaska , threw it at little brothers , used it as an alarm clock in Kenya , Africa , transfered files with people in Europe , and used it as an mp3 player while serving in the Middle East . Sunlight has no effect on this thing and you can leave it in a freezer and still have it work for you .3 -RRB- Customize . You can create shortcuts left an right . I push one button and I 'm texting buddies . You open the lens cover -LRB- how many phones have THAT ? -RRB- and you 're in camera mode , press right and you 're in mp3 mode , it 's features are countless . I change themes all the time and this phone works just as great as it did when I bought it in 2004.4 -RRB- Accessories . This comes with a memory card slot wich is very usefull , internal media memory of 32MB to get you started , a brilliant screen that still pops eyes . The swivel design is creative and helpfull when playing games -LRB- ambidex . -RRB- . So far , nothing has jammed , got deleted automatically , failed to operate randomly , and if all this still does n't make you think about getting this 3 year - going on 4 year-old phone , ask yourself this
 ... the battery . For some reason it wo n't hold a charge overnight , whether I use it that day or not . Battery issues aside , however , this phone does everything it promises . It takes reasonably nice pictures -LRB- as long as the subject does n't move -RRB- , lets me browse online when I want , and actually lets me check my home e-mail away from home when I 'm waiting for an important message . In addition , whenever I take it out of my pocket , it gets `` oooooh `` s and `` wow `` s from anyone around ; it 's actually helped me strike up conversations with strangers on the street . Be warned
 it 's not one of those ordinary phone either a flip or not . and plus it have great features . the features i like the most is putting music from my computer to the phone and the camera/video is great . the pictures are clear . all can be stored in a small memory card .
 First off , the screen is downright gorgeous . I picked up this phone about 4 days ago after I jumped ship with T-Mobile , and decided to give Cingular a try . All my friends and family members use Cingular so a two-year contract does n't really bother me . I payed $ 300 and will recieve a $ 100 via mail-in rebate . The price was on point considering my old phone , a Motorola V300 , cost me $ 250 and did n't have half the features of this phone.This phone is not perfect though . Off the bat I noticed that the UI was unresponsive at times . It 's pretty annoying but it 's acceptable . Another gripe I have is with Sony about it 's proprietary storage medium . I have a PSP and recently purchased a 512 MB Memory Stick PRO Duo . I thought , because they are the same form factor , that I could interchange the PRO Duo with the Duo used in the S710a but no . I 'm relagated to 128 MB maximum storage capacity so the mp3 functionality of the phone , for me , has been reduced . All the other features
 You all know about the slowness of the menus . . this plagued my old sony ericsson t300 too . . its a good phone , full of features , very nice screen -LRB- thou a bit darker than i expected -RRB- however whats up with that hold button/slide ?? I have never seen that in another phone and i think its a stupid stupid design . . more often than not my thumb just slides over it , its not grippy enough . . and the games are all demos ?? wow so cheap of you sony . . UPDATE
 No need to re-iterate what everyone 's been saying , but I 'll just state that the screen is superb , amazing , spectacular ... The swivel is annoying but thankfully you only have to swivel the phone when using the keypad . 3.1 MP camera instead , and it 'd replace my stand alone digital cam ; no limit memory card , and it 'd replace my MP3 player .
 I got this phone as a replacement to my Problematic Nokia 6230 by paying extra money . I really liked 6230 . But it had freezing and other problems.Sony S710 is very good phone with good signal , battery life and 1.3 mega pixel digital camera.Pros
 I 've had this phone for several months and overall I 've been happy.It is a solid phone and design . I was concerned that the swivel feature would have problems over time and either break or become difficult to use . I can say , after a lot of use , that it is solid and it has not developed the problems I feared it would.The features are nice . I use the photo feature all the time . At 1.3 megapixels the quality is good enough for most daiy uses . It 's not a replacement for a high end digital camera though . The video shooting capability is interesting but I have n't had much need for it other than a novelty item.Transfering pictures to your computer is a little convaluted with a hardware adapter . I figure Bluetooth is a much better way to do this and it does support it . I just have n't made the time to do it , so that is n't the phone 's fault so much as my not being a complete techno-hound on how to do it.I like being able to download e-mail when I ca n't get to a computer . The ease of use is good.Overall there 's no much to complain about with this phone .
 I 've had my s710a for several months now and have overall been very impressed . It is a beautifully designed and well built phone.Pros-Screen -LRB- big , bright and clear -RRB- - Reception is great-1 .3 MP camera -LRB- decent camera phone , wo n't replace your regular camera but not bad for a phone -RRB- - Bluetooth capableCons-Sometimes there is a little lag after hitting buttons , annoying but not a big problem-Talk and standby times are short and you will need to recharge often
 I was looking for a phone that would do quite nearly everything , and was hoping that the Sony Ericsson S710a was going to be the new baby to do just that.I liked the fact that it was a phone , PDA and quickie camera all-in-one . The screen , sounds , menus and decent camera make the S710a an overall decent choice for beginners . As for myself and for the heavy-duty user , the fact that it works with both Macs and PCs made me squeal like a schoolgirl.All in all , electronically , it works like a dream ... but , it 's kinda like squeezing a giant candy bar into a `` bite-size '' pocket . To put it mildly , it 's a zaftig phone . Ok , I 'll say it , this is probably the chubbiest phone I own as well as it being a swivel phone -LRB- really akward -RRB- . I did n't think anyone made a swivel anymore.This is a diamond in the rough ... awesome features , superior sound and world service . Of course , if size is a bit of an issue , this could be a Chunky Monkey .
 i had to leave her in a bag while i was fishing , and a water bottle decided to leak all over her . i waited four days and used a blow dryer to try and bring her back , but to no avail.beautiful phone , may ye rest in peace . you were the best in a line of many .
 I do not personally own this phone , but have played around with my friends . It is a very good , solid phone that works well at what it does , and looks very cool doing it . The swiveling action is very neat and fun . I also love the camera , which is surprisingly good for a phone , and looks like a real digital camera when you are holding it . I would highly reccomend this phone , especially if you love gadgets . I was planning on buying one for Christmas from Amazon , but for some reason , they raised the price of this phone from $ 100 to $ 200 . Looks like I will be buying it from somewhere else if the price does n't go back down .
 I love this phone a lot
 This is my dream phone . I love the gigantic screen , the swivel and Bluetooth . I 've had it for a month now , and I still ca n't believe how cool the video recorder is . It takes really good pictures and the speakerphone and mp3 player sound great . Plus , I was surprised it came with a USB memory stick reader and it was n't an additional accessory I had to purchase . The only problems are that it 's a bit bulky and the price of course is EXCESSIVE . If I was n't able to get it for $ 40 , I would n't have been able to get this great phone . If you want to find out how you can get it for $ 40 as well -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I totally love this phone . I got it for my 14th b day from my mother and is awesome . 1.3 Mp camera , video capture and playback , this is totally sweet phone . If someone gives this phone a bad rating , they have serious probs .
 Why settle for less , or commit yourself to a specific cellular provider and service plan , when you can get a complimentary unlocked top of the line Motorola RAZR v3i cell phone that works with any cellular service provider and any SIM card . I got mine free at this web site
 this phone hs an awesome camera , very good . when i compare it to my foma p900iV 2 megapixel camera there are only a few differences , however video recording is a different story . overall good phone , and very cheap for this phone , trust me . i use to have a razor v3 and that costed me alot of money when it first cmae out in the limited edition case , universal .
 The phone is really quite good , swivel looks very cool and impresses everyone strangers included . Sony always has had a bit of a software bug , but it never bothered me . Even the best laptops freeze once in a while , so whats wrong if a phone does it.used to be that Amazon was one of the few places that you got a 1 year contract . But amazon fell into the cingular trap and now only offer 2 year contracts with cingular . Also their prices do n't compare with other retailers -LRB- such as . . I ca n't say -RRB- whats going on Amazon , please go back to who you were and give competitive prices and reasonable contracts -LRB- 2 years is a looooooong time -RRB-
 So I 've read many reviews , done the research and here is what I came up with , I 'll give it to you honestly.I moved from T-mobile to cingular . I broke my sidekick 2 and i was looking for something very * unbreakable * as well as functional.First , I got the motorola ROKR e1.I really liked it , everything worked fine , though when i text messaged it gave me some problems because the buttons were close togather . Also do n't get that phone unless you get a case , becuase in your pocket -LRB- without the key lock on -RRB- it 's a pain.So then I returned it and got this phone , the amazing , and ever reliable sony s710a.Motorola has got very easy menu 's and very good layout . But this phone takes the cake . The sony has everything to it , mp3s , speaker phone , VERY IMPRESSIVE camera -LRB- even with motion it 's good -RRB- and many have complained about the nighttime funcionality but I think it 's still better than the rokr . The price tag is definantly a hefty fee , but it is SO completely worth the 299 I paid for it.The menu does live up to be a bit slow when you turn the phone off and start it out . And the battery did n't last very long for the first 2 days . After that , the battery life turns out to be good.Now , for the people who drop their phones . I 've dropped the poor thing twice now , and have a scratch on near the buttons at the bottom of the screen . I 'm not suggesting that your drop the phone on purpose , but actually since I 've dropped it the battery life has been much better , and the phone seems to function better than when i got it -LRB- funny enough eh ? -RRB- This thing is infinantly durable , and when you open the phone it makes a very solid click . Sony is really top quality , I get better reception even with the moto rokr , and that right there is impressive . The phone has good quality speaker phone , and the pictures really are amazing.Funny enough , when i got the phone a young guy was in the cingular store and was returning his s710a . I asked him why , right before I got the phone just to see if I should buy it . He said he kept having problems with the keyboard and speaker phone . I HAVE NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT ! Texting is easy , EVEN IN THE CAR , despite the flat buttons when you flip the phone.Overall , I really think this phone is perfect and I do n't even use the many features that it has , but it has impressed me beyond belief . Check out the consumer photos they took with it to see just how WONDERFUL the camera is . The battery life does go down a margine when you use the digital camera replacing 1.3 megapixel camera . But it 's not that bad . Just charge your phone when you go to sleep , and you will be very please with the performance . IT IS WORTH THE PRICE !
 PROs
 I was a sprint customer for over 4 years and got sick of the lack of decent devices that stand out from the crowd -LRB- not the only reason I quit Sprint , but that 's a story for another day ! -RRB- . I 'm a big proponent of standing out . The s710a does just that . It stands out . During my search for replacement phones , I looked at the s710a , the motorola a630 and a couple of others . Bluetooth was a requirement . I chose the s710a because of it 's unique swivel action and expandable memory . Granted , according to most people , you can only put in 128MB , I have n't tested that yet . Even then , being able to load a few mp3s to listen to while walking to work makes a difference to me.I like the s710a and do n't have any issues with the size . I also love the slide-lock which locks the device while it 's in my jeans pocket . The screen is excellent and it 's wonderful how , even though it 's in my jeans pocket all the time , I have n't been able to scratch it . I 've left my phone unplugged for over 4 days with a couple of long calls and text messages each day , so no complaints with the battery life . Unlike Verizon phones , this phone has full bluetooth capabilities - none are crippled . Fit and finish are great - the phone feels solid , is of good quality . Rare nowadays . Most of the time , the phone can be used without opening it up . The buttons below the screen can be used in almost all cases unless you need to punch in any numbers . The swivel action feels solid and the phone does n't feel flimsy when opened.Reception is great . I use a motorola v180 from Cingular at work and in the basement where my office is , the s710a will have 2-3 bars when the v180 reports no service or 1 bar.The software seems a little sluggish to respond and could be a little more intuitive but there was n't much of a learning curve . The keypad buttons do feel a little too flush though , I 've not really had any issues per se . The speakerphone volume could be a little louder and so could the earpiece . The power connector could be a little easier to deal with - you need two hands to plug the device in . The camera will not replace a dedicated digital camera but it 's pretty decent and easy to use for on-the-spur snapshots and video . It would also be nice to be able to turn on the speakerphone before dialing out and not just during a call - unless I 'm missing something and have n't read the manual properly.Again , no major issues , just possible enhancements . I do n't like the fact that it 's locked to Cingular but so far , I 've not had any issues with their service and I definitely appreciate the device support that 's available on their site . It 's because of these minor issues that I did n't give the phone a 5-star rating.I would recommend this phone to gadget lovers and people who do n't mind getting looks for having a unique phone !
 My # 1 complaint with the Sony Ericsson S710a would be some of the reviewers . One reviewer stated something like , '' it was annoying having to open the S710a to take a picture '' , guess they did n't read the manual . Someone stated , `` small keys '' , I have big hands and had no problem with the recessed keys . This was a good one , `` the hands free ear piece was to loud '' well there 's volume control buttons . By the way they never mentioned the little chrome button on the mouthpiece of the hands free that you press to answer or press to hang-up . I have also heard complaints about the swivel opening of the S710a . I do feel this swivel style is much stronger than a hinged flip style since there is a much larger bearing surface allowing less of a chance of cracked and broken hinges as I 've seen on other hinged portable equipment.Although I have n't checked battery talk time I know I get at least 4 hours and it takes about 1 hours to recharge.I do n't consider the S710a big and bulky for what it has and that is an excellent camera . Without reading the camera instructions I found it easy to use to take pics of my daughter in her Halloween costume.I was pleasantly surprised to find I could read the display and number buttons without glasses . The display is bright and sharp , as a matter of fact at times I use the brightness of the display as a flashlight at night walking on my unlit driveway -LRB- there is also a camera light -RRB- . Sound quality is crisp and clear even when Cingular reception is n't the best . If you do n't want to hold the phone next to your ear the speakerphone has excellent clarity.All I wanted was a good phone and I got a lot more . I bought a second for my daughter 's mother so she can capture all those things I taught my daughter to annoy Mommy , Auntie P and Grandma . .
 First off , I like the phone very much . It is ... 1 . A mobile phone2 . A 1.3 MP camera3 . An MP3 playerThe phone is reasonable . Reception is pretty good . Buttons are a bit strange , but nothing one ca n't get used to . The operating system is typical Sony Ericsson . It does sync with Mac OS X , though you have to pair from the device to computer first . Then you have to pair from the computer to the device . iSync then recognizes the phone.The camera is pretty good , though not great . It a a big improvement over previous Sony Ericsson phones . Resolution is about 1280 x 960 . There is a `` flash '' ; really it is a light , but it works well . The camera has spot metering , rapid capture , movie capture , multiple resolution settings , etc. . Great for blogging and quick snapshots that you may want to print out . Obviously this is not a replacement for a better , higher MP , digital camera.The MP3 player is very good , though simplistic . It lists all songs on the memory card then all MP3s on the phone itself . I will that it would exclude MP3 ringtones , but it does not . Fortunately , it plays the songs on the memory card first ... then it plays MP3s -LRB- ringtones -RRB- on the phone.In all , it is a very good phone . The games one can buy are better than ones on the 610/616 . I give it 4 stars just for capabilities and simplicity . I took one star away because the MP3 player seems too simplistic .
 Pro
 After having my eye over this phone for over a year and trying to justify spending over $ 200 for a cell phone . I decided to take the plunge and get this phone.I refused to pay full retail price and eventhough I have been pretty satisfied with Cingular 's service , I did not want to be forced into a contract just to get this phone at a discounted price . By the time I got this phone , Cingular no longer offered it anyway , so I got this phone pratically new from Ebay for $ 240 including shipping.Out of curiousity I even checked Sony 's website to see if it was indeed limited to certain zipcodes as another reviewer suggested , and he/she was correct . It was not `` available '' in my zipcode either which is pretty stupid , if someone is willing to pay for a phone , they should be able to buy it regardless of where they live . If it was n't for Ebay , then I would n't have been able to get this phone regardless of how much I was willing to pay for it.The first thing that intrigued me about this phone is the nice big screen and the swivel design . I do not like flip phones very much , and I also wanted something that differed from the regular phones . The S710a was the clear choice.After first picking up the phone , I noticed the size and weight of it . Its pretty big and heavy compared to many phones out there , but that is the way I like it . I am tired of all these cheaply built tiny phones that have no weight or size to them.Phone features are numerous , the main things are a 1.3 MegaPixel digital camera which is suprisingly good ; much better than my old T637 . The picture quality look very good on the phone as well , and it also came with a device that allows you to transfer your pictures and songs to and from a PC.And also a pretty darn good MP3 player as well . It sounds OK when playing it out of the phone , but attach earphones , and it sounds VERY good , it even has a graphic equalizer . The phone can only accept non-PRO Sony memory sticks . -LRB- This is in the manual BTW -RRB- . The largest memory stick I have found that is not PRO is 128MB , so that is limited . However add this 128 to the 32MB internal memory thats 160 MB of space which can hold about 30 - 40 songs . That is plenty for me , if you want more , then you will probably need to get an IPOD or a phone that supports PRO DUO , -LRB- up to 1GB of space -RRB- . I did not get this phone solely for the MP3 player , but since it has that feature I will use it.Another good thing about the phone is that any MP3 you store can be set as a ringtone . Why download ringtones for $ 2.49 for a snippet of the song , when you can use your own MP3 's as ringtones for free ? Again ringtones are not something I am into and I certainly wo n't pay for them , but with me being able to use my own MP3 's as ringtones for free I will use it.Included in the phone 's software is a media player that can be used to play your MP3 and video files . However , the file types it can recognize is limited to MP3 , MP4 , 3GP and WAV . You can also view steaming videos and music from the Web , but I probably will not use that feature.Other features are a sound recorder , speaker phone option , and of course internet , and text messaging.Another feature that use often is the bluetooth . My car is equipped with bluetooth so I can make and receive calls from my steering wheel and talk to them using the in car microphone and the center channel speaker . The phone can be anywhere in the car for this feature to work . I also found hte bluetooth handy when I wsa transferring my files from my old T637 into this phone . It was very easy to figure out.If that was n't enough it also has infared technology as well ; another way to transfer files back and forth.As far as the sony Memory stick goes , the phone does not support Memory stick PRO DUO , and the largest memory stick I have seen that is not PRO is 128MB , but I have not been able to find any non PRO memory stick in the retail stores , so I suppose I will have to get a larger one from Ebay.The phone does come with 32MB internal memory and a 32MB sony memory stick so right out of the box it has 64 MB . Purchase a 128MB stick and you will have 160MB , which will be more than enough for me , and most people I suspect.I have never been super impressed or excessively excited over a phone before but after seing this one , I knew I had to have it . I want and expect this phone to last me for a LONG time . I even purchased some screen protectors to protect the screen from scratches , something I never done with any cell phone I have had in the past.Given the choice , I would again choose this phone over the Razr and any other current phone cingular offers . I was never impressed with the Razr at all , and $ 500 retail -LRB- With a 2yr contract ! -RRB- when it first came out was downright ridiculous . Now the Razr can be had for under $ 200 , but still I would pay more and get the s710a instead .
 I have used my S710 since it was released this spring . Before that I had used many phones by different companies . The Sony Ericsson S710 is by far the best phone I have yet used . It shines in both quality and features . Most importantly the user interface is quite easy to use . Unlike the clumsy and useless Motorola 's this phone is snap to use . The camera is great and the call quality is unmatched . While not as slim or compact as other phones , the size is well worth it for outstanding performance and features .
 I have had this phone for about 8 months now and have never been disipointed . I am still the friend with the phonputer to all of my friends and can connect to any other device you can imagine . The 1.3 megapixel camera has come in handy many time and has great black/white balancing . This is a fuul featured with paying the $ 800 price tag that comes with other enhanced phones .
 It blasts mp3 songs with a quality earpiece -LRB- included -RRB- . There is an equalizer in the phone ! Easy as drag and drop to put music on the card . I have a Sony PC , laptop , video camera and MD player . My data completely flows now ! With bluetooth , I already swapped data with a friend using an LG phone on Verizon ; so there is nothing proprietary about the Sony phone.The camera is excellent considering the all in one functionality and the light on it is really bright . You could technically say it has a built-in flashlight!Battery life is great . After the initial charge , and learning all the buttons/menus/etc , taking pictures , videos and jammin ' to mp3 's the better part of the evening and all the following day , there is still a 3rd of the power bar left!The menu setup is very easy . I had all the functionality memorized by the end of the day . This phone has you covered in case your learning curve is longer . Anything that has a more involved selection , it will give you an `` info '' option for more details.I can rave about every other function of this awesome gadget , just waiting until end-of-contract to activate phone service . This is what I have been looking for since `` convergence devices '' hit the market .
 This is a great phone . It has almost everything
 so ive read alot of reviews and decided this is the phone im gon na buy only problem is cingular no longer offers it on thier web site , and neither does amazon , does anyone know of a reliable site that i can purchase it form and how much the phone is worth now because last i saw it was going for 300 $
 I bought this a few nights ago and I have been enjoying this cell phone . I had another Sony Erisson which was pretty old so I ditched that one and got this one . This phone has a really cool design . All you do is just turn the screen open and you are ready to go ! This screen is HUGE and the color is exceptionally well ! The phone has megapixel technology with about 8x zoom . The reception is very good and I am always at five bars . Like other websites I do agree that the buttons are a bit slippery and a bit small but that 's no a big setback . The battery life is okay and usually about 2-5 hours on a normal day . Cingular Wireless is okay and I would look into this phone . A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.
 I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW ! Its eveything I had hoped for and plenty more . The phone 's outter shell looks and feels great . It doesnt have that certain , cheap plastic feel unlike other phones like the Nokia 7610 which is a complete joke . The S710a has an absolutely gorgeous screen and the digital camera actually takes pretty decent pictures unlike all other picture camera phones that litterally look like junk . I highly recommend the S710a to anyone who 's looking for a full-featured cell phone in a good lookin ' outter shell . Definately worth the money unlike other high dollar phones like the Moto Razr which is another joke . The S710a from Sony Ericsson was well worth the wait .
 This is a great phone ! This is the first time I buy a Sony Cell Phone , and I am pleased with this cell.Este Telefono es exelente ! Me encanta . Es la primera vez que compro un telefono de la marca Sony y estoy satisfecho ! Vale la pena comprarlo . Te lo recomiendo !!
 Really a rapid charger , has pleasant blue light indicator . Retractable , hence no hanging wires . Happy with the purchase .
 The old cell phone battery was on it 's last legs . Had to recharge every 24 to 36 hours . The new battery last at least twice that . Depending on talk time that is .
 I 've owned this particular blackberry for a year . I was n't sure if a blackberry could make the leap to a true phone and a reasonably sized pocket device . The verdict is in
 Okay I have read the reviews here and am shocked by some . I have had this phone for a couple of months now and I havent had any of the problems that some people are reporting . The phone wokrs like a charm ... the pda part works great ... sending text and emails is a breeze once you get used to it and yes it is possible to type fast with the keyboard and I have big fingers I never miss a key ... so dont be hesitant , if your looking for a good joining of a cellphone and a pda this is it .
 I have been using this device for 8 months and been pretty happy with it . As with all phones and PDA 's it has it quirks . The biggest one being that it occasionally locks up and there is no rhyme or reason to why and sometimes takes 20 minutes to get the thing reset and back up and working . It is not something that happens all the time but it does happen.On the pluses , syncing with my corporate mail , calanders and contacts without any effort on my part . I love this seemless integration.On the negetive , it is hard to dail numbers while doing something else , like driving.Jury 's still out on the perdictive typing . And with large fingers , sometimes I may cause my own issues.Overall , I like the device and am going purchase one for my wife who has email envy ...
 I bought my 7100t several weeks ago because I was impressed with the size . I could easily use it as a phone and also have my contacts , calendar , Internet , and the huge bonus of email all with me at once . This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier . I use the Internet for work purposes quite a bit and I have found typing easier than expected . No , you ca n't type like on a PC but the QWERTY keyboard is very serviceable and great for quick responses.I have never loved a device before but when you experience the critical functionality that this unit provides it is easy to see why some call them CRACKBERRIES . This is one very cool device that has had a significant impact on my productivity . There is NOTHING like it on the market and the T-mobile service has been a pleasant surprise . This is a superb device . Highest recommendation .
 I love this phone . Once you get used to the keyboard it is great . I used to have a sidekick and was limited to what T mobile would allow me to download . Now I can go online and download all sorts of games and programs I want . I love it . I am able to have emails from sevral email accounts I have online delivered to the phone . I would recommend this over the sidekick any day .
 Unlike some of the other reviewers I think this is a great device . I had been a standard cell phone user and have had a Blackberry device in the past . I had also continued to use a Palm PDA for on-the-go contact info , etc. . My main goal was to consolidate everything into one device without sacrificing too much on any function.On that front the 7100t is all that I could want - I have full Outlook address syncronization for contacts , memo 's and tasks , e-mail integration with both my personal and business e-mail accounts , plus a phone with way better reception and performance than anything I had with LG or Nokia phones on the Verizon network in the past several years.Yes , the buttons are a little small , but you just tilt it more to type with your thumb tips and not the flat part . I think that the IM , SMS and e-mail messaging options are well done , and the web surfing is good enough for me . On the first days that I had it , I was searching for nearby movies and buying my tickets on-line using the device.I am now waiting for delivery of a Bluetooth headset , although the sound quality using the handset or the hands-free are just fine so far .
 I do a fair bit of traveling for business , can receive requests from clients at all hours , and like to have a lot of information at my fingertips . The 7100T really supplements my lifestyle.It has proven to be easy to set up and use . Typing on the modified qwerty keyboard is a bit frustrating at first , but become very intuitive after a short time.There are really two was to go if you want a phone/email device/scheduler -- either Blackberry or the Treos . I ca n't comment much on the Treos other than to say I have colleagues that use and like them . The 7100t is much cheaper , a bit smaller , and does just about everything I could ask for .
 I have had at least a dozen cell phones . I travel a lot and a cell phone with wireless corporate email is a must for me . The email functionality of the BB 7100t is 4 out of 5 . Typing could be challenging if you have big fingers . The keys are really close to each other . Not a biggie for me , but difficult from time to time . The screen colors are very good , although I do n't recommend looking at it when you are outside while there is sun light during the day . You will not see anything . The wireless calendar sync with the enterprise option is from heaven . You can accept , reject , create , and send invitations right from your phone while the unit automatically syncs them with the Outlook calendar immediately . The size is very good . However , if you want to carry the unit in your pocket , you will definitely know that is there . Not like other small flip phones I had in the past . About the cons
 I have had the Blackberry 7100T since early January . It is without a doubt the best cell phone I have every utilized , bar-none . It is easy to use , has great audio clarity . I was hesitant to try it , with the new keyboard and the smart type software , but really , it is an amazing tool!I highly recommend it .
 I have to admit at first I was n't sure I truly understood this phone . When you type an email or memo , just start typing . Do n't worry what you see on the screen . Type your words and hit the space key . The phone itself will figure out what you want to type and it does it automatically . It 's called Suretype . I can type way faster on this phone than I can on my pocket pc . It 's an excellent phone . A complete pda with contacts , calendar , and tasks . Surfs the web great . I have the NIV bible and eWord on mine . A calculator , password keeper , alarm , I can show people pics of my family . And one of the best features is its push email . It automatically retrieves all of my gmail . Beautiful screen . It does n't have a camera or mp3 player but I did n't want either of those . Otherwise , I 'd give it a 10 if I could . I 'm so glad I bought it :-RRB- Again , I love this PDA-Internet-Email-Bible-eWord-Phone .
 This device does an outstanding job with email . The PDA functionality is equally good and syncs nicely with outlook . Personally , I have not had a problem with battery life , although the phone quality is not perfect . Using the Suretype keypad is almost as fast as typing on a regular QWERTY keyboard . I give this device an overall 4 because the browser is a disaster -LRB- but that 's hardly RIM 's fault -RRB- . It 's way too slow and altogether very annoying . Buy this device for its email functionality and not the browser . My overall experience
 I 've been looking for that one component that could take over for my utility belt of gadgets ... blackberry , pager , cell . While I could have gone with one of the newer blueberries , I decided to wait because form factor is a big thing with me . Plus , my experience with the blueberry-type RIM devices has not been anything spectacular . Sure , they get mail great ... but the color screens left a lot to be desired , and the phone was n't anything to write home about.About 6 months ago , I purchased a Nokia 6820 , as it had a very small form factor , full keyboard , and the promise that Blackberry would be available . Well , in my area , the 6820 was great in certain areas but was a lousy phone at my house . The full feature set Bluetooth was nothing short of amazing ... once you got it to work . So , 6 months later , I still carry a pager , a blackberry , and a cell phone.I saw some reviews of this phone previously , but waited until a colleague of mine picked one up locally . I needed to feel the real phone and play with it a little , as the mock up at the store would n't have done anything for me.Well , I ran out and picked one up ... and what a fantastic device this is . The screen is absolutely beautiful with some minor washout in direct sun . Good radio signal all around , great speakerphone , and fantastic e-mail support -LRB- duh -RRB- . The actual phone is much better than previous blackberries with clear reception.Form factor is great and fits in the palm of my hand well . While not a small phone like the 6820 , it is much better than previous models . Sturdily built , it seems like it could take a good amount of abuse.The new keypad , albeit initially confusing , is fantastic . I was skeptical of the SureType capabilities , but after 10 minutes , it 's about 99 % accurate with what I 'm typing . Overall , I 'm very pleased.My one caveat which makes this 4 stars rather than 5 would be Bluetooth support . It is n't full featured -LRB- such as syncing through Bluetooth , file sharing , etc -RRB- , as the only feature it utilizes is a Bluetooth headset . Not a major negative , but something that does knock it down from perfection.Accessories ... comes with what it needs ... two USB cables , one travel charger , case , software , handsfree earbud . Wish it came with a cradle like the older models , but it really does n't need it.Overall , great device . Just one feature short of amazing .
 This is n't a phone for everyone . In fact , it 's probably not great for a lot of people . However , if you have the BlackBerry Enterprise Server with your corporate Exchange account , and e-mail is your main line of communication , this thing will change your life.Everything that is good about the BlackBerry devices in general is their ability to integrate with the server-side mail , calendar , and address book , as far as I am concerned.With respect to the 7100t , it 's best qualities are basically making it a better phone than the previous line of BlackBerries . The only compromise in doing so was the new keyboard , but if you 're okay with it -LRB- I 'm about as good on it as I am on the regular BB keyboards , i.e. , not very -RRB- then it 's not really much of a problem . The improvements are
 I picked up my blackberry a week after they came out . I LOVE it !!! I have had a few glitches -LRB- where AIM would not work -RRB- however , after an explanation and 50 free minutes , I did n't bat an eye at it . -LRB- They were still working on the programming b/c it was so new -RRB- . I can view attachments , I can link up all my emails -LRB- Except for my hotmail one for some reason -RRB- . I use a lot of the features on the phone including the calendar , tasks , alarm clock , web ... there 's so much you CAN do on this phone I 'm wondering what you CA N'T do !!! While attending a business meeting away in Florida -LRB- I am in MA -RRB- -- I found it great to communicate with my clients from so far away . Almost ALL the people at the conference had some form of a Blackberry and none had the slim design of the T-Mobile . The larger blackberry 's are a bit odd to handle . T-Mobile has the two letter keypad which recognizes the words you want to type . I have written long emails without missing a beat!I also love the speakerphone feature -- check out the tips online for helpful ones like hitting the period button to interchange from speakerphone to handset during a call.I keep finding new tricks with my phone ! Last night while on a call with my mother , my sister called , I clicked one button and hit `` join '' and all three of us were talking!While I had them on speakerphone , I played around by clicking the turnwheel and clicking on notes ... the option to type notes while on a conference call is great !!! Especially if you need to take down directions , etc. ! I 'm one very happy high tech girl over here !!! T-Mobile has been great to me for the past 2 + years ... I 'll stick with them !!! :-RRB- Enjoy !!
 After being pretty happy with the Treo 600 I moved on to the Treo 650 with Cingular . Some of the issues I had with the 650 may have been related to Cingular but as a consumer who has the time or patience to sort through that . In general the 650 with Cingular was a total disaster . The phone had to be reset 2-3 times a day , bluetooth usage was hit or miss and I tried 3 different headsets . Worst of all , Palm just allows you to install whatever application you desire and does not manage any conflicts that may occur . Your first indication of a problem is the phone repeatedly recycling.Now for the 7100t on T-Mobile . It 's been nothing but goodness . Getting corporate e-mail configured on the phone was fool proof and having other e-mail accounts set up to sync with the phone was a breeze . The phone has NEVER frozen or reset . I have never had to reset the phone myself . The Treo manuals have an easy to access ` reset ' button because it 's such an issue for them . The keyboard requires a little bit of patience , but like a high tech car , if you want high performance and a good ride you have to take some time to learn . Yes , there are two letters on most of the keys and in the end that serves to provide a smaller device and also means you do n't have to move your fingers around alot to type words . This becomes a nice benefit . I find I can type faster than I could with the Treo keyboard.If you are used to a stylus , then it takes getting used to . The blackberry just does not use them and what that means is you can do almost everything with 1 hand.A few words of advice to get productive with this phone :1 -RRB- download the user manual from the web site . it has lots of detail about the phone . be sure to read all the detail regarding how to use the keyboard .2 -RRB- do n't be so concerned with 3rd party applications to put on the phone . this phone comes with most everything you need to be productive . i found with the Treo that I needed about $ 100 worth of accessory software to be productive and to make up for small software features that were not packaged with the phone .3 -RRB- learn the short cuts with the keyboard . you can scroll up and down by hitting 3 or 9 and can go to the top of a list or the bottom of a list by hitting 1 or 7 .
 Being a Palm junkie , I was entirely ready to junk my PDA , cell phone , and Blackberry for a Treo 600 -LRB- the 650 was n't out at that point -RRB- . However , after using a Blackberry and appreciating the functionality , I decided to look into the 7100t before I jumped on the Treo ... I 'm glad I did.The form of the 7100t is tops in the BB line -LRB- I have a colleague who has the 7100g ... not the same -RRB- , and , at the same time , has the power to handle all the necessary tasks of a busy executive . Although the keyboard , with its `` SureType '' technology takes some practice -LRB- not much -RRB- , it is a little bit of heaven once you get it down.A little more about the form ... this is the first BB that actually has the shape and feel of a cell phone . The original BB I owned was not conducive to phone use , even though it was offered . The 7100t is just about the same size as the Treo , making the basis for comparison very good ... and compare I did . The 2.1-inch , 240-by-260 color display is probably the best I 've seen in this size a device , and beats the lower res Treo like a whipping post . A friend of mine bought a Treo 650 recently -LRB- after seeing my 7100t -RRB- and came to me boasting about the `` better keyboard . '' When we put them side-by-side , he was almost embarrassed at the screen quality of his Treo vs. my 7100t . I use my 7100t extensively for organization purposes -LRB- PDA -RRB- ... calendar , address book , and task list daily . The 7100t interface is extremely friendly and syncs perfectly with Outlook on my office PC . And , although the 7100t has IM and web browsing options as standard features , I do n't make use of them due to the lack speed and screen size -LRB- although in a pinch , you can engage the browser and Google whatever you like -RRB- . A bit about the keyboard and Suretype ... RIM 's literature indicates that to make the device more `` phone-like , '' they opted for the 20-key hybrid keypad in which the keys are relatively small , flat , and close together . Most keys have two letters and a number on them , but are arranged in the familiar QWERTY format . I 've got fairly large hands , and do n't have much trouble with the keys . RIM 's proprietary SureType is leaps and bounds ahead of most predictive text systems previously offered . Its database has incredible breadth and is actually quite adept at discerning the word one is typing . Honestly , it takes less than an hour to get used to the predictive nature of the typing interaction , and then you 're off and running.As to cell service and functionality , perhaps I 'm the lucky one here . I have had none of the difficulties expressed by other reviewers relative to dropped calls or static reception . Frankly , the quality of this cell is better than the last two cell phones I 've owned -LRB- Samsung and Moto -RRB- . Although I was n't overly excited about having to switch to T-Mobile to get this phone , the service has been excellent -LRB- so far -RRB- and their plans accommodating . Beyond that , this device has been absolutely wonderful and it is a constant companion.Highly recommended .
 GOAL
 After three months of hard use , I 'm not sure that this product has evolved from the BlackBerry 7230 . What 's better -LRB- all comparisons refer to the 7230 -RRB- :1 . the presence of a speakerphone ; 2 . the screen is much more vibrant -LRB- but scratches VERY easily -RRB- ; and3 . smaller size and better shape.However , do not underestimate the absence of a full keyboard . You will acclimate fairly quickly , but typing is simply not as fast , especially at first . The software is quite intuitive but it has never gotten the word `` but '' right ; instead , it invariably chooses `` bit '' -LRB- same with `` duck '' and its more colorful , rhyming counterpart -RRB- . I have a problem at least once a day with some common words like `` get '' and `` hey , '' `` are '' and `` see . `` On BlackBerries in general , I miss being able to give distinctive ring tones to callers and the absence of a true cursor is frustrating -LRB- when writing an e-mail , you can only go up and down through the document , not left to right , without deleting , such that there is no way to insert a word or sentence without a lot of extra keystrokes -RRB- . The ringer volume at its loudest is very faint ; forget about hearing it in another room . I am not a member of the ringtone fan club , but nor am I all that impressed with the tones that come with the BB and the inability to download new ones . Neither does there seem to be a way to turn off automatic e-mail forwarding without disabling the entire account , then having to set it up again later . I find it hard to believe that that 's true , but after consulting with T-Mobile 's customer service and the instruction manual , it is still an unresolved issue . The battery life is unimpressive but this is n't a huge issue for me -LRB- though it IS annoying that it takes forEVER to charge from 95 % to 100 % . We 're talking hours -RRB- . Like other reviewers , I 've had problems with AOLIM not working , and am annoyed that I can not view e-mail attachments . And what 's the deal with making this only for PCs , not Macs?The call clarity is great and e-mail forwarding is instant . I found this to be true in Mexico , Europe , and Asia , too . Surfing the Web is slow and should only be done if there is absolutely no alternative , although the full-color graphics are impressive . I am sold on this phone and wo n't got back to the 7230 , but I wo n't miss it when the next BlackBerry generation is released .
 I have had the phone for about 2 weeks now , and absolutely love it.I have had virtually every phone out there , and until recently I carried an LG VX6000 and a Blackberry 957 for email with the full keyboard.Initially typing on the 7100 is a bit confusing , but once you re-adjust to the keypad lay out the device takes over and rarely needs correction due to the expanse of the 35,000 word dictionary.The keys are well laid out , the screen is bright , sharp and clear , even if it does kinda blow a bit in direct sunlight - but all color phones do . The device is small yet feels solid , unlike most phones out there.The Browser and Instant Messenger clients are great with always on connection . Particularly impressed with the browser and the display of Internet sites.Sound quality is good , call tracking is fantastic , and the phonebook rocks hard.Great phone - you really ca n't go wrong . Oh yeah - the ability to open and view attachments in your email -LRB- which , I know other larger Crackberrys out there already have -RRB- really makes life easier on the road .
 The screen is bright and colorful , the phone is easy to use , I love the ringtones , I recommend this 100 % to anyone . The blue tooth wireless ear peice works great too . I recommend getting that also .
 Well just recieved the phone yesterday . Wow ! not bad at all , light weight and very sleek . I have seen blackberry 's before but this ones different . good job Blackberry . About the phone itself , the battery life seems to be ok so far . Have been on it since morning doing something or the other , and it says left 70 % . Thats not bad . About suretype , I did find it difficult at first , but when I started typing in my contacts , wow it was great . Superlative . So neat design . Not too many ringtones available with the phone , but of course you can add them . I found that the ringer , even at its loudest levels was ok , but I am used to the Samsung ringing , which some say , borders on being a loudspeaker . So I guess you can say , it not bad . Please read the manual from the company 's website . very helpful . Glad that it came with the holster . I did find though that under sunlight , the screens kind of difficult to read . But maybe I will just increase the brightness , although I am not sure if thats gon na help . The themes and the wallpapaers are not bad . Overall , its a good phone , but its been just a day . I will write back I find something different . Till then , Happy Blackberrying !!!
 I 've had the 7100t for just a few days , and I 've made a number of observations . First , T-Mobile 's customer service and support were outstanding in helping with the transition from my standard phone to the Blackberry . They are top notch.I really like the size and feel of the unit . Not too big , not too small -LRB- except for the keys -RRB- . The sound is great and the speakerphone is crystal clear . No feedback or echo . Nice big , bright display , except in bright sunlight . Text entry took a little getting used to , but goes much faster with a little practice . The menus can be a bit confusing to navigate through , especially with the initial set up . The manual that comes with the phone is a joke , and downloading the actual manual from the RIM website is highly recommended . The battery life is n't the greatest , but considering all the functions available to use , it is n't horrible either . I went 2 days between the first 2 charges . Taking into account the `` new toy '' factor and playing with it a lot , it 's not bad . I am going to get a back up battery and charger so I always have one standing by that 's ready to go.I love the e-mail accessability . I live my life via e-mail , and no longer have to jockey for position with my wife and daughter at the computer . This is huge . There is about a 5-10 minute lag to receive e-mails . Not that critical.Overall , it 's a nice unit , and I 'm glad I made the switch . I hope my comments helped .
 This is a great PDA/phone device . I had a Treo 600 that was replaced three times due to failure of the earpiece and other hardware problems . The speakerphone is better than the Treo 600 . Bluetooth is great . Look for a hack on the Web to use the USB cord to connect this as a wireless modem to your laptop as Bluetooth is locked to the headset use only . BLUETOOTH is too cool.I have a Samsung i500 which is great but locked to Sprint 's CDMA service . The i500 is more reliable than the Treo 600 and more versatile than the Blackberry as it has Palm apps which can be purchased or are free . However , the easier predictive text entry fo the Blackberry 7100t makes it easy to type and send email . The integration with SMS is something the Blackberry has without an additional program for the Treo 600 or Samsung i500 , as well as IM for Yahoo and AIM AOL.Will keep the Samsung i500 for its strengths and Blackberry for its strengths and quadband coverage . Samsung i500 has analog service which is much needed for rural US travel.So , get a Blackberry 7100t and if you need analog , a used Samsung i500 on ebay.I wish that TMobile had the Treo 650 but its incompatabity with Treo 600 programs , as well as an unlocked Treo for international travel .
 Just received this unit.Thus far , very happy with the phone and the ability to surf the web.The only down side that I have discovered is the keyboard does not have the ` ABC ' on the keypad the way a desk phone is equipped.Thus , it is hard to ` spell ' out a persons name when using a voice mail system .
 I bought this phone thinking I was gon na be able to openimages on email but T-Mobile has it disabled in their system.I am gon na take my phone back since I am unable to do whatI thought I could do . Even the users manual says you canopen images . . Very mis-leading T-Mobile
 A great tool and reasonably priced for all it does , it also gives you all the necessary features you need in keeping organized . Very user friendly , however , if you must have a camera , it does not have one . Highly recommend it .
 Finally a PDA the size of a normal cell phone ! Email . Phone . Internet access . Browser . Nice .
 The pros : I wanted something that would protect my phone when I inevitably drop it . I also wanted to be able to clip my phone to my belt/pocket rather than stuff it inside my pocket . I did not want a bulky case that would not let me charge my phone while in the case , become a problem with using the numbers , or too hard to see . This case met all my needs ; and the phone can take a fall much more gracefully . ; 0 -RRB- The only con : The snap that holds the case over the screen only snaps on one side . This causes the clear window to become a little wrinkled and causes glare on the upper right side of the phone at times . I 'd suggest a strap over the top of the right and left sides and make a hole for the button you 'll cover on the left .
 Good product at a good price . Has no charging light indicator , but I knew that . Does it 's job .
 We bought 3 new VX8550 phones when we switched our cell carrier service to Verizon , but I was not about to shell out $ 90 for three car chargers . These work quite well . They are not as solid feeling as the ones in the Verizon store , but thay are LG branded , so I hope that means they 'll be good and not ruin our batteries . So far , so good . The order arrived quickly , with good email communication from the seller .
 With so many generics with questionable writeups , I was leery about buying anything online but afraid to pay the outrageous Verizon store prices . This one claimed to be made by LG , and while it does not have the LED that indicates when charging or when complete , it does do the job with no issues . The plug itself is a 90 degree one , so it removes a lot of the potential stress on the wire while laying it in the dash.Overall Pros : Easy to use , well constructed , great priceCons : Could use an indicator lightAll in all I 'm happy with this adapter and would recommend it to others .
 I 've had this product for a little over a month and so far it works great . Have n't had to use it much yet , as the phone is a brand new LG enV -LRB- VX9900 -RRB- and still holds a great charge . When I have used it , it charged the phone quickly , did n't overcharge , and the phone held the charge for quite some time . It 's a handy size , too -- it fits right in my splitter without taking up more than its fair share of space . The price tag is great ; I got this charger for less than half the price that retail stores were charging . Definitely would recommend this product .
 This vehicle charger works great and does exactly what it should ! AND I got it a fraction of the price the stores want ! Excellent deal !
 This worked well for my old LG Chocolate phone while I was still using it . Plus it was really cheap so I definitely got my money 's worth .
 Amazing price for quality item . Way cheaper than the ones sold at retail stores and the same quality . Dont spend more money .
 Shipped on time . Arrived pretty quickly.Have used it just a couple of times and it worked just fine .
 New Verizon car charger , works great , no problems noted . Allows the phone to stay connected to car 's hands free system all day .
 Product was shipped in a timely manner . It worked right out of the box and the price was right . What more could you ask for ?
 Arrived timely and intact . Fits in the charger better than the off-brand items . Not sure if it works because the car cigarette lighter is actually broken . Silly me for buying a new charger . Ugh .
 Seems like a good charger except the cord is very short . Better for those who do n't have a long reach to their power outlet . Overall satisfied .
 Needed an inexpensive holster for my phone . This one turned out to be the perect fit . The phone snaps into place and does n't seem like it will just fall out . The swivel clip is also a plus . The best part of the holster is that I do n't need to remove the phone to make a call or charge the battery . Another holster I had , the phone had to be snapped out to use , this one you can just flip the phone open and make your calls !
 Surprise ! This item is worth the few bucks -LRB- after shipping costs -RRB- . My LG VX8300 snaps in securely and the belt clip rotates . My wife uses it to clip the phone to her bag.Because were so cheap I actually bought two different clips . They turned out to be the same item .
 Product works great . Shipping charges are a little excessive for a .99 cent item , but the holsters work as advertised .
 Please notice that the phone uses a MicroSD card , not miniSD card.The Moto K1m has a solid build and very sleek design . Battery life is incredibly long . It uses a mini-USB plug to recharge , which means you can charge it with your PC , and also share the same USB cable with PS3 wireless controllers , Canon digital cameras , some Moto Bluetooth handsets , and more.The MP3 player is cool , but you 'll need a Bluetooth stereo headphone/headset to listen to it . There 's no traditional headphone/mic jack . When music is playing , you can close the flip , the three control buttons -LRB- LEDs -RRB- light up . Song information rolls through the front display . The front screen 's LEDs have touch sensors . They are turned out for a preset time to conserve battery . The MP3 feature will be worthwhile just showing to your friends.The phone is powerful too . But unfortunately the locked model provided by Verizon limits the functions deliberately -LRB- so you have to pay them to get the ringtones , themes , etc -RRB- . Bluetooth and USB file transfer between PC and phone or between phones is blocked . Ringtone and theme transfer is all blocked even if you use latest Motorola Phone Tools . The phone 's menus are designed for Verizon to limit features that prevent VZW from making $ $ . There 's more to it.BUT . . no worries . There are hacks ! The least you can do is :1 -RRB- Update Motorola USB modem driver for K1m .2 -RRB- Install Motorola Software Update -LRB- MSU -RRB- 3 -RRB- Run P2Kcommander 3.3.5.4 -RRB- Copy your own ringtones to / a/motorola/shared / ringtone5 -RRB- Delete / a/MyToneDB . db and restart your phone .6 -RRB- You get your own ringtones ! -LSB- ... -RSB- More you can do is to flash it with an Alltel Monster flash file . It 'll be working like an unlocked one . File transfer and menus will be unblocked . Please reference -LSB- ... -RSB- . I first was frustrated about Verizon 's $ $ making means . But after I discovered the hacks from Howard Forums , I 'm very satisfied with my new K1m .
 I have owned a number of phones over the course of the last couple of years . Recently -LRB- within the last 3 months -RRB- I have tried the Samsung , Chocolate and LG VX8600.PhoneCall quality is much better than what I experienced with the LG . The LG sounded muffled to people on the other end when I was talking with them . Those same people now say that this phone is great . Much crisper . Reception is also better than the LG , which does surprise me.CameraHey it is a camera phone ! It does what it is designed to do.MusicThe phone uses a mini-SD card . Works great . No bogging down of the processor as I experienced with the Samsung.TextingI like the iTap better than LG 's version . There seem to be more words loaded into the dictionary.BluetoothI am currently using a plantronics 655 Bluetooth headset . Call quality is excellent and much better than the 8600 . So far it is a keeper ! 2/28/2007 - UpdateWell I have now had the phone for a couple of weeks and I have to say that I am pretty happy with it . Like I said above , the sound quality is great . I probably have only one minor gripe - when texting the keypad light does n't always come on . In the dark , this can be problematic .
 I bought the Verizon Krzr , the white phone . It is an upgrade from the Razr V3m , which debuted July 2006 . I really enjoyed the Razr and was looking forward to another Motorola . I usually upgrade phones every year . I was waiting for the Rzr Vxx -LRB- Maxx ?? -RRB- from verizon , came out this week . Checked it out and was unimpressed . I wanted smaller not bigger.Most Verizon phones are `` cookie-cutters '' of each other . Almost all have the same features due to verizon putting the standard Verizon firmware on every phone they sell . So basically , phones only differ in their styling when it comes to high-end phone anyways.So , the Krzr is not as wide as the Razr , and basically all the same features , micro sd , mp3 , the works . The Krz adds mp3 player controls on the outside of the phone , but remain inactive when not using the mp3 mode , so no worries there of pushing buttons in your pocket.The Krzr feels better in my hand , easier to hit every button with my thumb without getting carpel tunnel , the razr was n't as easy to get to all the buttons single handed.The call quality is excellent , almost always is on Motorola phones . My GF just upgraded as well from an LG , primarily because she said it was so much easier to hear people when she used my phone.The battery life is slightly longer than the Razr V3m , I charge my phone every 3 or 4 days , depending on how much I talk . If you talk for hours a day , you will have to charge every night I 'm sure.Moto uses iTap for text messaging instead of T9 . It is a bit to get used to , but once you do it is much better . iTap is intuitive and learns how you type . So if you use a lot of slang , over time , iTap will learn your slang and start putting the words in for you . The Downside is , if you constantly misspell a word , iTap learns the misspelling too.The screen is smaller than on the Razr , but it does look sharper and brighter in a side by side comparison to my Razr . I prefer the screen on the Krzr . Plus , the Krzr has a newer version of the Verizon firmware , providing the Krzr with screen adjustments such as brightness , also lets you change the look of the outside screen , a feature not on the Razr.The white is kind of silver , not pure white anyways . The front has a mirror finish . I prefered the white to the grey , as I already had a grey razr , plus no one has a white phone . The Krzr is virtually identical to the Razr , only smaller , and has a few miniscule upgrades . I like the Krzr and recommend it .
 I was n't looking for a MP3 Player or a digital camera , I just wanted a good phone that got good reception . This phone holds a charge and I get reception in places where I never could before . It looks good , too . I did get a small scratch on the front already , but I 'm not always easy on my phones . I purchased a clear plastic case for the phone -LRB- from ebay -RRB- , and I think this should protect it from scratches and breaks . All in all , I think this is a great phone for the price . I am very happy with my purchase .
 The Motorola RAZR got an extreme makeover in order to reveal this must have mobile phone/fashion gadget.This phone is perefected in such a way that all the little things that I did n't like about RAZR where taken care of.PROS :1 . Of course it is the most stylistic phone that I have seen so far .2 . Call quality is very good .3 . Broswer is very practical and usable .4 . Playing music using the touch controls on the flip is very practical and serves like an mp3 player .5 . What I like very much is that I accidentally dropped this phone two times and to my surprise it with stood the fall both the times . I actually was very surprised that it only made very minor scratches which are barely visible . This actually proved that the material is of very good quality.CONS :1 . The games provided -LRB- demo version -RRB- times out almost immediately . This defeats the whole purpose of experiencing the game before actually purchasing the full version .2 . The front plate requires cleaning on daily basis as it catches finger prints very easily .
 I was a loyal nokia customer for 7 years but I decided to finally try the newmotorola KRZR white when i got a new plan . While im still not used to all the features yet I really love my phone . It didnt take too long to figure out all the dif things . Although i still dont know how to use the mp3 player on it yet . This phone is super adorable . If you are a girl I highly recommend it , every girl who has seen it has loved it . additionally i havent seen many people with these -LRB- unlike the chocolates or pink RZRs -RRB- . there are a few bad things i noticed . First people arent joking when they say it gets finger prints on it . It really does pick up prints like a CSI worker . the outside screen is really hard to read/see -LRB- near impossible -RRB- outside when its sunny . Also the voice activation -LRB- ? -RRB- button on the side is way to easy to push . And i still dont know how to use the mp3 player.overall though i think this phone is really good and super cute . I never have trouble hearing calls and its appearance just makes me feel warm and fuzzy -LRB- ok a little overboard -RRB- , but the pictures seriously dont do it justice . greatphone and def rec it !
 I was looking for a charger for an old kyocera slider , and got a new travel charger instead of a bulky one . Grade A
 From date that I received the charger it has worked well . I have had no problems with it . The travel charger has been everywhere with me .
 I 've owned the phone for about 3 weeks now , and I 'm pretty happy with it . Granted , I had a 5-year old brick of a phone before . I got the Cherry -LRB- red -RRB- , my friends all love it and I still love to play around with the buttons when I 'm bored . Overall , I would recommend this phone if : - You want something small , sleek , stylish -LRB- and are willing to sacrifice some minor flaws in order to make your friends jealous of your phone -RRB- - You are pretty comfortable with fancier phones and you have a medium level of technology knowledge - You are n't a huge fan of flip phones - You are willing to take the time to get used to how to hold the phone , use the touch-sensitive pad , the arrangement of buttons -LRB- for example , the `` end call '' button is located on the side ... although you may also hang up a call simply by closing the phone -RRB- - At first it felt funny but now I 'm completely comfortable with it . - You use your phone as more than just a `` phone '' -LRB- camera , mp3s , alarms , etc. -RRB- PROS : - Sleek design , nice and fun to use - Camera nice with sharp quality - Screen is crystal clear ! - Has a speakerphone that works well - Clear reception - Having the slider is nice ; it both locks the keypad and acts as a `` hang-up '' button . It is very satisfying to end a call by sliding the phone shutCONS : - Since I have a Mac computer and the Music Kit & memory card are kind of pricey -LRB- you need this to play music unless you plan on spending $ 1.99 per song downloading through VCast -RRB- , I ca n't play music on my phone . - Sometimes when I 'm using the touch-sensitive buttons I accidentally call the first friend on my list , once I accidentally sent a text message before I was finished writing it . - Shiny outside can show fingerprints , oil appears on screen after talking -LRB- but can easily be wiped off on my pant leg ... -RRB- - Small keypad number buttons take a while to get used to , are more difficult if you have large fingers -LRB- mine are normal sized , I guess -RRB- Definitely read many reviews and check out all the features before you buy this phone ... do your research ! I did , and I 'm happy with my purchase : -RRB-
 I absolutely LOVE this phone . I was skeptical about purchasing a phone with verizon since the menus are usually not that great on phones * coughrazrcough * , and I 'm REALLY picky . But since I get a company discount I could n't say no to the mp3 phone . I do not regret this purchase at all . *** ON DESIGN *** + PROS
 I got this phone as an early Christmas present and I absolutely love it . First , the color is beautiful , and the keypads large and easy to navigate . I love it with my Bluetooth headset . The menus are easy to read and navigate , and the open SD slot allows you to add your own media to customize the phone or remove media stored to the phone . Calls are clear and sound is good on both ends . On the other hand , for some reason they did not add flash to the camera on this phone , and the MP3 sound is high and tinny without other speakers . The touch keypad locks to keep you from accidentally activating it , which can be somewhat of a pain . Overall , though , this phone is small , sleek , attractive , and easy to use . It 's about time Verizon came out with some decent phones !
 I love the phone ... but this is a tip for all of you chocolate lovers out there !!! If you do n't want to pay 3 Bucks for ringtones and make your own ... just record your own sound ... send it to yourself ... then when you receive it , go to options and select `` save as ringtone '' ... Voila ... sinfully sweet and simple ! Verizon is the best ever !!!
 First of all , the phone is georgeous . The cherry red color is rich and dark . The display screen is vibrant and crisp . The red-lit buttons are , well , sexy . : -RRB- Personally , I think the touch-sensitive buttons are awesome . It took me a whole 10 minutes to get used to them . I even adjusted the sensitivity to `` high '' . You just touch the pad ever so quickly and gently , and the phone responds with lightening-quick speed.I have n't played with the music , yet . Although , I have downloaded a ringtone . It was quick and painless -- except for the $ 3 it costs . Which brings me to the ONLY thing that I do n't like about the phone ... Verizon nickels and dimes you for nearly every extra phone feature . * sigh * I know that 's part of the game , but , it 's still disappointing.On to call quality . So far , every call has been consistantly clear . I 've read in other reviews that the call volume is a bit low ??? They must need a Beltone ` cuz I put this sucker on `` high '' , and it nearly blasted my eardrum ! I 've actually set the call volume on low , and it 's perfect.Overall , I am relishing this cherry chocolate treat . I 've become a complete `` chocoholic '' . Thanks LG for making such a beautiful and fun product !
 After much research I decided to give the Cherry chocolate a try . I was eager to see if the big issues of navigating the keypad , phone dialing random numbers if my phone was in my pocket and how the MP3 player would work . All 3 were total non-issues . If you leave the phone closed and try and operate the keypad you better be fast or it will lock in about 3 seconds and you will have to press the side un-lock keys . If you slide it open then you eliminate that problem and can take your time . Phone menu engaging and dialing numbes in your contacts while in my pocket or jacket has not happened in over a week and I have been trying to make it happen . There is a setting in the phone that will make you press the unlock key TWICE before the keypad is active -LRB- unless you slide open the phone -RRB- . You only have about 5 seconds to press the unlock button a second time or it will reset and you then need to press the unlock button twice . MP3 player has worked great so far . I used the Verizon Music kit that came with the software , USB cable and headphones -LRB- that plug right into the phone without using the jack included with the phone -RRB- . The headphones sounds really good and I can use them for music or the phone calls . So far I am only using the phone 's hard drive and no memory card . I also use the program Bitpim so I can take my mp3 's and make them ringtones for my phone . The Cherry color and the phone look great . Overall one of the best phones I have owened . I too have left the keypad sensitivity to medium -LRB- which is what it is out of the box -RRB- and I can navigate the menu great and texting is not an issue . I was worried since my old phone was the LG 9800 with full keypad . Also the 2 built in screen animations are pretty cool to for the wallpaper .
 I love the Cherry Chocolate ! It 's hot and it 's fun!The music quality is pretty good for a cell phone , as is the camera quality.Some people have said that they have a hard time text messaging . I do n't do much text messaging myself , but have tried it a few times with this phone and have not had a problem at all . Although , I do have small fingers.The phone has not made any surprise calls , as some reviewers say that it does . I 'm not sure how that 's even possible , as the phone locks when it is closed.As far the battery , I got the phone three days ago and it was charged to 3 bars . I immediately charged the battery all the way up , as the owner 's manual recommends . I played with it for a few hours that night and charged the battery up overnight -LRB- although I did n't necessarily have to -RRB- . I used the phone constantly to talk , listen to music , and just to play around and experiment for two days before I had to charge it again . Unless you plan on using this phone as a primary mp3 player , I ca n't see battery life being a problem.The phone may not be as thin as a Razor , but overall it is smaller and seems to be of better quality . I have never had a Razor , but I know some people who have it , and the Chocolate seems quite a bit sturdier.As expected , the phone does attract a ton of fingerprints , but I keep mine in a padded case in my purse and I have a soft cloth I use to wipe the phone off.If you like to send e-mails , text messages , and use the internet on your phone often , the Chocolate is not the phone for you , but it works fine if you do that only occasionally.This is phone is stylish and functional and I definitely recommend it .
 I have had my red VX8500 for less than 24 hours , less than 12 in fact , and I 've already gotten the hang of the oh-so-difficult to use touchpad and interface . I think most people will have no problem figuring it out , or using it intuitively . I left the sensitivity at medium , and I think it is doing well . Sound quality is excellent , far better than my old VX7000 . I am also able to get an average of 1-2 bars extra signal as compared to the old phone . The phone 's options are highly customizable -LRB- I 've basically turned it into the bar phone I 've always wanted by setting it so I can answer by pressing the send button , meaning I do n't have to open it to talk , if I need the numbers , the sliding motion springs open very easily -RRB- , and the menus are a fair improvement over Verizon 's old UI . Mind you , I 'm using the Rock n ' Roll display theme , the default.I have very few complaints , and they 're quite minor . In order of descending importance
 I upgraded online through Verizon to get the new Strawberry totally beautiful Chocolate ! Only complaint is the OK button for actually taking a picture is hard to do for some reason , I ca n't seem to one hand it and I touch the OK button and nothing happens , maybe touching too hard , maybe not . . I dunno . Again , that is only when taking a picture , other than that it is a very cool phone and I agree with the other reviews so no need to repeat it all , just go buy the Chocolate in your favorite flavor ! I will just reitterate ... Do not buy Verizon ringtones or V-cast music or anything !!!!!!!! Heck , I do n't even get V-cast in my town anyways . Nor buy Verizon accessories . Amazon.com or other online stores are by far cheaper !
 I got this for christmas and its a pretty amazing phone . It has a lot of cool features and looks awesome . Sometimes the wheel can get a bit annoying but you get used to it . Its not as great as the second version that came out of the chocolate phone , but that 's just my opinion .
 This phone is great . The shape and design is very sexy , and i love this color . The bottons are a little unresponsive at times , but thats once every about 20 times . THERE IS A SPEAKERPHONE !!! the camera being bad is -LSB- . . -RSB- . although the phone only has a 1.3 meg , the phone never shakes so long you press the camera button on the side to take the pic . The musc quality is great as well . The one downside is that the entire face of the phone is glossy . So even if you keep in your pockets , little scratches appear quickely . Overall , if you 're looking for a good phone , dont get the razr or krzr or enV , get this phone . -LRB- The color is much cooler in person , the pic above sucks .
 I got this phone back in April 2007 because I had to downgrade from the Palm -LRB- BTW , loved the palm -RRB- but for financial reasons downgraded so I got the chocolate because I did not want to keep my old razr . I 've had since then and the only time I had to switch was 2 weeks after having the phone . Verizon gave me a brand new strawberry chocolate instead of the red cuz I asked . I do n't know how other 's automatically calls because it 's locked . But I do recommend a case for it because it does scratch easily . When I had the cherry I threw it in my purse and took it out not more than an hour later and it had a nice little scratch from my keys . I have a case now and I have no complaints on this phone . Most definitely satisfied with my phone .
 I have this product in a remote cabin that has no TV or phone line . It gives me peace of mind as I can be away for months at a time and can check on the property at any time . It works a charm , sending me a picture every time motion is detected . You can even call it and listen if you are not sure what activated it . The temperature monitor is very useful to keep an eye on freezing etc. . Allot of bang for the buck and well made.Just make sure the carrier to the SIM card you purchase has good signal and is cheep or it could add up . There is no doubt the set up is complicated due to activating the SIM card etc. . My carrier is T-Mobile and I use their pay as you go text option . I had to get a cheep phone from them to activate the card using the phone and then transferred the SIM to the device . Just follow the instructions meticulously and you will be fine . Images are n't great but enough to ID any visitors .
 I use IP cameras to keep an eye on various locations and they are a problematic bunch - all different interfaces and functionality , poor support and never quite what is promised . And they all die in a year or so . On the other hand , I 've had a few of these Nokias -LRB- and the predecessor model -RRB- forever , and they just soldier on . Of course , it 's a completely different approach , using GSM data network connectivity . Which is both good and bad , since -LRB- good -RRB- you do n't need internet access at the location but -LRB- bad -RRB- you do need GSM cellular phone service . As an additional fly in the ointment , neither AT&T ; or T-Mobile in the US -LRB- the only GSM providers -RRB- offer a simple cheap PayAsYouGo data plan -LRB- that I know of -RRB- so keeping this camera `` alive '' in the US can be expensive . I 've looked into 3rd-party providers but they all seem to use special access codes and make you jump through hoops to connect.This camera was a well-thought-out device . The -LRB- PC only -RRB- setup application works well and intuitively . You can control the camera -LRB- once set up -RRB- remotely by sending text messages . Pretty slick . The image quality is not stellar , but -LRB- on this later model -RRB- it 's as good as your typical VGA IP camera . I know Nokia is distracted by trying to stay in business these days , but this product is an example of the good things it used to do .
 This camera is an excellent product , I use to monitor my property when I out and send me pictures any time I want , and when something happen send me an alert , so I be sure about what happen in there in real time and for an incredible price . for programming you can text it and that 's it , and to start just send a text
 phone has ridiculous coverage , you could go to a mine 50ft under ground and it would work , great battery time , great wide screen with large numbers , organized efficiently and cute and small and conveneient to carry around , best phone ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This clip on , smooth , but rubberized case feels great with good gripping and makes my old Sanyo M1 look and feel like a new phone along with the new battery I purchased for it.I do n't use the clear colored clip that came with it . I have a slew of black clips that the case backing fits and locks into just fine.This was a great replacement from the old leather & plastic case that I had been using for the past 2-3 years .
 The actual case is great but the clip is very flimsy . I 've already broken the clip on one and the other that I ordered is well on its way to the grave yard just from standard use . Case is Great clip is bad . You can get extra clips at the mall though so its not so bad considering the price .
 Wish palm had made the pre a little better ! the treo was a tank ! lasted me a good 3 years ... long term for someone like me who has a habit of dropping their phone . I upgraded to the pre after this one and it felt like an upgrade style wise but not physical quality . I broke 2 pre 's within 1 year . If you 're looking for a good multi-tasking phone and are n't concerned with bells , whistles , good looks and internet capacity , the treo is for you . But , get a newer model .
 I must say that this product it actualy one of the best aftermarket IPOD products I have puchased . It does exactly what it is supposed to do , Protect My Ipod . I have no trouble opperating any of the IPOD 's buttons and I simply remove the case when I charge the unit . I have not found that it impairs the functionality of the IPOD at all while keeping it securely around my neck . It is perfect for Jogging weight training and other outdoor activitites . I find it much less cumbersome than the armband or belt clip units as it does not impede my range of motion .
 I love the Leather Pouch for my Sidekick II . It is a perfect fit . It is sleek , it stays put on a belt , pant waist and/or for you ladies a pocket book ! I also noticed it is designed so that you can hear the phone 's alerts and rings more clearer . My other case made me miss most of my calls and message alerts . Get it while it is hot you wo n't be sorry that you did !
 This thing is pretty cool . I just want to make one comment though
 I was looking for a leather horizontal case for the Sidekick II as a vertical case would be more bothersome when I am sitting . I also wanted a regular clip that I could slip on my pants or belt . I had bad experience with plastic rotary clips -LRB- its pieces would fall apart with heavy use -RRB- . In addition , I wanted a snap button to close the cover since it will last forever . I got everything I wanted in this case and what 's more , it 's stylish with its red trim . I got red , blue , and black bumper set for the Sidekick II to match the case 's red trim . The phone & case set looks stylish with the red-trimmed case matching the blue or red bumpered Sidekick II . The case was a little tight at first , but within a week or so I was able to easily slide the phone in and out .
 I have to say I just got my own and the first thing I notice was how tight it was . I thought it was going to turn itself off everytime I put it in . But I know it will grow and form with my sidekick . After a while , it will be just right . That I am sure of .
 The item came within 4 days and was just as described . I am very satisfied with vendor and product .
 Product arrive quickly . Snapped out old battery , snapped new battery in and charged . Old battery would not hold a charge , new battery lasts just over a week before it needs to be recharged . Glad to have my phone back .
 My wife and I were trying to find a battery for our old phone since it was not holding a charge for very long . Amazon was our first choice since they have been a source for most of our needs with great service from their providers . The price and speed of the delivery of these batteries was on par with their past excellent service . The delivery was quick and the product was delivered safely to us . The batteries were an OEM battery and work very well . What more could we ask for ?
 I was pleasantly surprised with the service and product . My old Samsung T209 cellphone has been with me a long time and was great to find a backup battery at such a low price . Do n't know how they do it ... price wise that is .
 The battery was recommended on amazon.com for my cell phone.It was delivered promptly and works well with my phone , although its type is different from the original one .
 I needed to find a replacement battery for my cell phone and Radio Shack did not have the right one . I found it at Ammazon and less than a week later , it arrived and works fine .
 Haed to find battrey for your cell phone ? Try shopping at Amazon . My cell has a battrey molded into the back cover of the phone , so when it became time to replace it , 3 yrs of service not bad , i was in a quandry . New phone or try to find a batt for a phone out of production for 6 yrs . when I called t mobile the service person was so nice and looked on Amazon for me . Bingo ! 8 dollars plus 4.92 for shipping and three day later I was back in business.Thank you Amazon and the nice young woman at T Mobile . The Batt is a little over 1000ma and lasts as long as the original between charges . Note if you are web surfing do n't leave it on the charger while surfing that is what cooked mine.Samsung X495 X497 X496 T209 Battery Bst471asa
 The item that I received from this seller arrived before scheduled time , and my mother 's phone works perfectly now with the new battery . Thank you so much for your reliability .
 Everything with purchase went smoothly . My phone had some problem that the tmobile people said could be fixed with a new battery . I am pretty sure there are no problems with this battery . Before buying a battery , MAKE SURE that that is the problem -LRB- even if qualified people tell you differently -RRB- .
 I just got this case , and it already saved my phone from a drop on the floor .
 Needed a replacement battery for a discontinued phone . The first battery I received did not work at all - after I contacted the company the immediately sent a new battery -LRB- this one works -RRB- . From my experience , feel secure in purchasing from this company . : -RRB-
 replaced my cellphone battery which was ready to burst . This replacement battery is working great . Holds charge for days .
 Great price . Fast shipping . Works great . Battery holds charge for about 5 days . Even better than my original battery when it was new .
 Battery fits cell phone OK , however strength not quite as good as original .
 Product was sent quickly . Wasnt as shiny like as the picture , but was easy to put on and fit the phone . The part that fit over the screen made it a little difficult for it to flip open as easy .
 I 'm happy enough with the case . I got it at the Sprint store , so paid slightly more for it . The case fits the phone pretty well ; as another reviewer said , gaps at the top , but it hugs the phone well enough that it does n't slide around in there . Actually , it allows you to better line-up the buttons with the holes on the side . It offers a little protection from water and keeps you from scuffing the phone up.It 's helpful that there 's a cutout for the arrow buttons , but at the same time , this opening allows lint and dust to get up between the clear screen protector and the screen itself . It ends up being more difficult to clean.The clip is handy . I wo n't clip it to my belt , because the plastic pinches so tight that it would mess up the leather . It clips well to pockets or the waist of my pants , though , and I do n't have to worry about it falling off . The swivel in the clip is really nice and smooth . It allows the phone to spin freely and sit against my side at whatever angle is most comfortable . It has a convenient quick-release button so that I can keep the clip in its place when I need to use the phone . This is also very secure and I never worry that it will get loose or accidentally pressed and let the phone fall.Unfortunately , the case also adds a bit of weight to the phone , so it 's inconvenient if you 're not using the clip . I usually carry my phone in my pocket instead . Also , the phone has such a beautiful finish that it 's a shame to cover it up all the time . Unfortunately , the ONE time I dropped the phone was when it was n't in the case , so now it 's got scuff marks on the front . That 's what I get , I guess.If you want to clip this to your belt/pants/whatever , this is a great case . If you 're not looking for the clip function , you can probably find something lighter . If you 're not sure you want a case at all , do n't bother . If you DO get the case , though , you can be confident in the quality and construction . It holds up very nicely and does its job well .
 I got this case because it pretty much was the only one that served the functions that i needed
 Both the software and hardware worked as advertised ; I have the Nokia 3220 . I installed the software on several different computers with no problems , and was able to download from and upload to the phone just fine .
 First battery did not hold a charge but that has happened to me before . When I called , the company sent me another immediately , did not require return of the 1st battery , and the new battery is perfect . The company was EXCELLENT ; professional , courteous , fast , reliable .
 Belt clip is sturdy . Velcro is velcro -LRB- it 's solid , but the separation noise can be annoying when you 're trying to get to your phone in a quiet setting -RRB- . Love the flexability of the side connectors , allowing quick access to the phone . Comfortable and fairly low profile.I have a Samsung D807 .
 The pouch is a great fit for my phone , the Samsung Sync . And the price is unbeatable .
 I am very hard on phone cases . The average life of a case is 5 months at best . This is regardless of price . These cases are inexpensive , and they last as long or longer as $ 40.00 cases . Especially important is the dual retention of straps and a spring clip . I have yet to have a case fall off.Good product ... low cost .
 My son goes thru phones like you ca n't imagine . This was cheap and it works just fine for my son .
 I do n't want to talk about AT&T ; Service as it may not be applicable everybody at least in and around the place.Ahh . . its sweet to hear the famous Nokia tune back after an year long gap . Tidadandan ... . Tidadandan . . Tidadandan . . ~ ~ ~ . Nokia has always been my favorite in Cell phones because its reliable and especially strong and long battery power . N75 is the first Flip-flap phone I 'm using and I 'm in love with it already . I like the large screen and a tiny preview music player feature on the top of the flap . Its been a while holding a cell phone of its size but its really handful for me . When I hold it I feel good grip and hence secured . And the cover surface pattern gives a sense of holiding a delicate stuff and feel of soft is always good . Though screen movement is a bit slow . . but the features built in this little piece are really good . Bluetooth connection is simple and sober . . !! Good possible and needed controls like volume , Camera and Music player on the surface of the phone . And many direct controls are one-click away from the keypad . Have n't explored much about the short-cut keys -LRB- bear me . . for being a computer freak -RRB- / controls . . !! All-in-all ... this is a great phone and Hats-off to NOKIA . . !!
 I have only purchased Krusell products from Sweden since they offer a ligetime warranty and yes I am proof of this fact . When the case or clip would break , they immediately issued a replacement . As an owner of a RAZR cell phone , I have been using this spring clip for a long time .
 Used it for a custom audio box that clips on to my belt . Just note that the back of it it curved inward so it might not work for all custom solutions . Made for a very professional looking final product .
 I bought this to replace the clip on my phone carrier and wallet as the original kept breaking . I have now had this on for over 4 months and it has yet to have any problems . I will be buying another just because it does so well . Always good to have a spare . Plastic is plastic you know ...
 I bought this item to clasp the Sandisk Clip Plus mp3 player and it worked perfectly . The clasp is strong and held the mp3 player in place while I went to the gym , ran , and played basketball . It was very reasonably priced and I would buy it again if I need to add a clasp to something .
 i got this one to use for a while while i waited for the dickies steel clip to get back instock but so far im thinking i may just keep this one while it last
 I simply wanted a data cable to connect my Verizon cell phone to my Macintosh so I could transfer and synchronize data . Verizon was of no help and wanted to sell me a very expensive package that only worked on Windows machines . This thrifty cable -LRB- < $ 10 -RRB- worked perfectly . With the Mac-friendly DataPilot software .
 This was a WHOLE lot cheaper than the Verizon dealer wanted for this product . My only disappointment was that it did n't have clear instructions , which was LG 's fault .
 I ordered this sync cable on a Wed. and had it on Friday . The price is about as cheap as you can get even with shipping . The sync cable worked perfectly the first time and no problems to date . Thanks Amazon !!
 once you get past the install , and the complex search for software , it is real easy to get mp3s on your phone as ring tones . any mp3 on your computer . the software comes with a converter that allows you to reduce the bi-rate , and even pick the lenth and location of the clip you use , start your ringtone at the begining of the song , or the middle , or use the last 30 seconds . i 'm pretty happy with it .
 For less than $ 5 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- this is a bargain , especially considering many vendors -LRB- Verizon , Susteen , etc. -RRB- are charging $ 20 or $ 30 for a cable . Download the open source software BitPim and you are all set to back up your cell phone data . I 've also enjoyed creating my own ringtones from my MP3 files , again a savings over downloading them from Verizon .
 Great Product only downside it does n't come with a driver so you have to find it online . It works with bitpim but it does n't charge .
 This works great on windows vista ! On Vista you plug it in and if finds the drivers automatically ! For putting things on the phone you would need to download the program called BitPim
 i like to listen to music on the go so i bought this cord to hook up to my phone and pc so i have a big playlist .
 I used this with a VX8300 and BitPim with great success . The only issue was with using any USB cable to charge the phone . When connected to a computer , the battery indicated a full charge , but would quickly die after being disconnected from the cable . This was a phone issue and not due to the cable . I purchased a new battery for the phone , and after a session with BitPim , that battery also would quickly die . Charging with a wall charger overnight solved the problem .
 I have since got rid of this phone , but it worked well when I needed it . Transferred pictures with BitPim . I ca n't remember if it charged the phone as well , but I 'm pretty sure it did . Ca n't beat the price .
 Well . Was able to hook up phone to pc and upload pictures . Great product good price .
 I purchased this for my husband 's cell phone , waiting to see if what arrived was a generic charger for a gazillion phones . I was pleasantly surprised to find that is was for a cingular HTC 3125 ! I had just returned 2 sets of home/travel chargers for my Cingular 8125 after getting the generic one size fits all type .
 I love the case . It fits the phone perfectly . My only complaint is that it gets in the way if you want to take a picture and it 's very hard to remove from the phone . Otherwise , it 's a great item .
 The quality is good . The plastic around the ear side is a little sharp , so you ca n't press you head so firmly to hear your conversation .
 This case is perfect , no complaints here : -RRB-
 I bought this phone knowing that I would need a data plan in order to get the most use out of this phone , so the fact that Amazon requires you to purchase a data plan was no big deal to me . The phone functions as advertised -- it has the same pros and cons as other pocket PCs . The battery life is decent , and the sound quality is good -LRB- although the speaker quality is not the best -RRB- . Overall , I 'm happy with my purchase . The fact that the phone was only $ 75 compared to $ 250 at T-Mobile was a no brainer.The one concern that I had was that I wanted to keep my phone number from Verizon Wireless , and there was no information on whether I would be able to do this if I purchased the phone through Amazon . Fortunately , I had no problems -- once the phone arrived , I just called up T-Mobile and gave them my old account information and everything was switched over within a few hours . On a side note , I 've found T-Mobile customer service very helpful and responsive .
 I purchased an after market battery for my 16 month old LG VX 8500 chocolate phone . It was marked exactly like the original phone battery down to the holograms so I suspect it was actually an LG battery . It was less than 1/12 the cost of the same item purchased from Verizon . I ca n't recommend it more highly and I subsequently purchased two batteries for my boss 's phone from a different manufacturer and they would have cost $ 160 from Verizon . Needless to say he was pleased .
 hi every one want to buy from amazon , every thing was great , the product and the shipping and the time add to that the pice.i will not go to buy from other sites ever my only on is amazonthanx
 Bought a couple years ago . Works well . bought another one . I recommend it . no compliants other than the ridiculous shipping charge which was just as much as the battery per battery . but still was less than I would pay else where for one battery .
 This is my first headset , I 've had it about a month and I do n't have too many complaints about it . I read all the comments and reviews before purchasing this item so I was aware of the situations people were having with the headset so I 've kept all of it in mind . I have n't experienced any problems with the charging or the charging adaptor , I 've used my battery charger twice and I have n't had any problems with it , I do n't have any problems with the headset losing connection , no one 's complained about me sounding like I 'm on speaker phone , and I do n't have any trouble with the headset staying in my ear . However , as other reviewers have noted , I ca n't travel too far from my phone without getting a severe amount of static -LRB- I have to stay within maybe 3 or 4 feet of my phone -RRB- , the noise cancelling feature is close to non-existent , and although I have n't had any problems with my charger , I would prefer it to be a direct connection rather than an adaptor -LRB- personally , this is just an extra piece for me to keep up with -RRB- . I ca n't comment on the voice dialing feature because I have n't attempted to use it but all in all this headset serves it 's purpose . I would purchase again and if you 're looking for something to hold you over , this definitely does that .
 After a bad experience with another Palm headset model I took a chance and bought this one . I found it to be much better
 Pros
 After doing a lot of research on the right BT headset for the Treo 700p , I decided on this one . This is basically the rebranded Plantronics headset that the Palm store sells without the case , et al. . The Plantronics branded version of this set got good reviews from what I read on CNet and all . Anyway , I got the unit despite the negative review on this site . I can see how there may be an issue with the charger , but mine seems to work fine so far . When the BT headset is dropped in the charger cartridge , there is a small plug where the contacts must meet . It might not charge so well if the charger is laying on it 's side , but I keep mine upright.Regarding the performance and use , it seems pretty clear at reasonable BT ranges for a Treo -LRB- up to @ 8-10 ft -RRB- and the sound is good . I 've had conversations in pretty noisy areas w/o complaints from those on the other end of the line . Battery seems to last well.Wearing it is nice since it is so light . It comes with an loop for the ear and 3 different sizes of ear adapters . It 's so light that you do n't really need the ear loop and I do n't use it under normally . I have used it when I put the headset under a motorcycle helmet -- worked ok there too.I do n't have buyers remorse ... at least , not yet !
 Based on the Palm reputation and because I wanted a bluetooth headset for my Treo 650 , I decided to take a chance inspite of the bad experiences four other reviewers reported . I 've had none of the problems they described . Mine clicks into the charger easily and charges fully . I asked the first person to whom I called how it sounded , and the answer was `` loud and clear '' . I left a message on my work voice mail so I could make my own evaluation . It sounded just as good as a wired connection .
 Despite some of the other reviews on this headset , I decided I 'd go with my insticts . I have not had any of the problems mentioned in the other reviews regarding the charging , and the sound quality is great . I owned a Sony Ericcson , did n't like it , sold it , bought a Motorola H700 -LRB- big mistake -RRB- , did n't like it , sold it . I had seen the Palm Ultra Light Weight Bluetooth headset originally made by Plantronics . When I saw that Palm had `` bought the rights '' to the design and made it compatible with my Treo 's charger , I had to have one . I really like the in-ear design because it does n't interfere with sunglasses . I would without questions recomend this headset to anyone !
 This bluetooth works great with my Palm Centro . It is very clear on both ends and has great battery life . I have trouble keeping it in my ear , even though there are three different size plugs , however I have n't found any that feel any more secure than this one .
 it works very well with my palm centro except the advanced feature of being able to hold the button for two seconds in order to voice dial a number does not work . I am not sure if the phone does not support the function or if it is something else but it is n't a big deal to me . If I figure it out I will write a new review but other than that it works great and especially at that price . I recommend using the earloop as without it the device does stay in your ear , however you are not able to position the mic so that it points forward . It just slouches pointing toward your earlobe . With the loop in place you can adjust it however you like and it feels very secure .
 Product works perfectly and the seller shipped the product extremely quickly . All in all , a perfect experience .
 The rechargable batteries and chargers came in OEM package , and in good shape , the only drawback is the power output is slightly less than what is recommended for the Motorola T5420 so it does n't last as long should but when compared to batteries or rechargeable batteries it is quite a money saver .
 I read the description to make sure the charger was compatible with my Talkabout T5820 walkie Talkies . Unfortunately , my walkie talkies do NOT fit on the charging dock , so they will not charge unless you work REALLY HARD to get the contacts to align . I will be returning the item , because I fell it is not worth the $ 20 I paid to have a charging dock that my walkie talkies wo n't fit into . I will just use rechargeable AA batteries instead .
 This was a good price . Time will tell how reliable it is , but I am optimistic . Received it quickly , as expected .
 item exceeded my expectation , took my walkie talkie to another island and had my grandchildren use is . Battery lasted longer than the original . Very satisfied .
 Although the shape has changed , the pockets were side by side , it has not failed us . I am not kidding when I say we have been using this with the same walkie-talkies for 10 years now , with the same batteries . We have three walkie-talkies and one is usually in the charger so we have one with a full charge ready to go at all times . The amount of charge the batteries will hold has declined but we still get a couple of days out of a full charge . Recommended .
 Could not locate the original charger so I chose this . It is a great replacement and does the job well . However , the radio units fits rather wobbly on the charger and so it 's not a snug fit . Still , it does the job of charging and that `` fits '' well with me .
 so far this has worked excellent . we did not need the inserts as our walkies fit in perfectly . the new batteries have held up well .
 I 'm happy I found this product , my radios worked correctly but i lost the charger and this product works well .
 All is fine as expected but the adapters for charging the batteries outside of the radios were wrong . Not a problem for me since I always charge the radios with the batteries installed .
 Got them in a good amount of time . New as described and should work well for my purpose .
 If you lost your battery charger that came with the 2-way radios as I did , this is what you need -LRB- be sure to check the model number of your radios to see that this is the right one for you -RRB- . It seems a bit pricey but the model radios I have are rechargeable only so the recharger is a necessary item . It 's just like the one that came with the radios .
 Replaced the regular batteries in mt Motorolas . Great for skiing . Holds up in cold weather better than regular batteries
 Great add-on for those who are tired of buying batteries that only last a few hours .
 Well , its pretty much what I was looking for.The screen is OK , I can read everything perfectly due to the font size and the back light . Now under the sun is a different deal , for some reason it 's hard to read , but being not much of a day person so it does n't bother me at all.The keys are really good , I really like the grip , I just use the tip of my fingers and nails and the keys work like a snapple cap.Well the software is nothing new , If you 've had any of the latest SE it 's pretty much the same , but it 's like the saying goes
 A good phone but the display and camera resolution are regular ... . BTW good MP3 phone ...
 Good phone , good size , good features . -LRB- Mine is black front/grey back -RRB- Problems :1 . buttons could be much better . They are small and under the number . Even on 100 year old phones the user would put their finger right on the number they wanted to activate for dialing . Same goes for computer keys .2 . the audio jack and USB connection use the same port . This makes the headphones need an adapter to plug into the phone , and it is a bulky adapter . The phone has bluetooth capability , why not get rid of this bulky connection from the phone and the need for a USB cable and send the user a $ 3 USB bluetooth dongle for when the user wants to connect to a computer ? Also there are other far batter , less bulky connections on phones to allow for handsfree connection .
 If you love Nokia 's phone is because you do n't have a Sony-Ericsson 's phone ... . It the best phone ... . It 's amazing ... 6 stars !!!! Tienes todas las cosas que necesitas en un como y practico tel&eacute;fono , aunque si lo vas a comprar te aconsejo que lleves de una vez una manos libres , para mayor comodidad a la hora de adelantar una canci&oacute;n o cambiar de estaci&oacute;n de radio.Los Auriculares son lo m&aacute;ximo , filtran gran parte del ruido ambiente y no emite ruido hacia el exterior.Yo siempre tuve celulares Nokia , pero desde que prob&eacute; virtualmente el equipo en la p&aacute;gina web de Sony-ericsson , me encant&oacute; porque es pr&aacute;ctico ... Te recomiendo que lo pruebes antes de llevarlo.Otra de las ventajas de comprar este equipo , es que viene liberado , lo puedes usar con cualquier operador GSM en el mundo ... En verdad , Recomiendo este tel&eacute;fono ... . Si amas los celulares Nokia , es porque no tienes un Sony-Ericsson ... Saludos ... Have a nice Day ...
 This is a great little phone that fits in your pocket or purse , yet it 's packed with features and capabilites , tailored for every aspects of your life
 I work in Technical Support and drain my cell phone battery quite quickly . This charger works well for keeping a spare charged and also is very convenient to plug the phone in at the same time for a quick shot of juice . Several of my collegues use this model too .
 The person I purchased it from sent me a manual in german and nothing else and would not send me another . And if I knew that this phone could not be used for anything but phone calls I would not have even looked at it . Other then the phone manual and the complete uselessness of the phone I am a Happy customer.The sales people and Amazon should provide more details about their products for the people who are not up to date or knowledgeable of the products
 I love how I can check out myself with the mirror but the glare is just too much when its sunny . I think I 'm just going to back to a clear cover for the summer and to the mirrored cover later in the year .
 I 've installed two of these kits with no problems . While the instructions are `` sketchy '' , they do have what you need to know in the two pages for your given language . Installation time varies with the vehicle , access under-dash , skill of the installer , but is pretty much `` easy '' . The product itself works well and does what it is supposed to do ... free you from headsets while driving and provide good quality sound in both directions .
 Wonderful Price & DeliveryWonderful Performance -LRB- if only the rest of the electronic world worked so easily and well -RRB- Wonderful to have a spare charger when the others are elsewhere and the phone is dead .
 I like it . Since my phone is big enough and I did not want a bulky case so this thing is perfect for me . I always keep my phone in my pocket so I didnot care for a belt clip , however I did n't want the phone to get scratched by keys or other objects in pocket . So this was the perfect solution . The rubbery skin keeps the phone from slipping out of pocket aswel . Great product .
 This was a great product that provides safety and daily protection for my expensive smartphone . Great product ! Great Service !
 The cover is good , but I did not pay attention to what I ordered . The 1st Boxwave Cover had a flap that protected the screen . I got one that did not have the cover , and it was my fault .
 When I needed to exchange an item , I got excellent treatment . I would order from them again .
 The product is matte and therefore does n't have a glare or show fingerprints , which is really nice . The only problem I have is with the application of the screen protector . Although they provided plenty of instruction and tips , I still have air bubbles under the screen near the edges . I 've gotten used to it though , and for the most part am thoroughly enjoying my new ClearTouch Anti-Glare Screen Protector -LRB- Anti-Fingerprint , Matte Screen Guard Cover -RRB- .
 The CK3400 LS GPS model works very good . It is easy to connect to , has a good microphone , voice recognition , and various options . It did everything as the Parrot web site said it would except for one thing . We tesed it with several phones and they all worked great . But then we tested it with a Palm 750 which is running Windows Mobile 5.0 , just like soem of the other phones we tested . But this phone did not sync any contacts at all and made it very hard to use . It would still allow you to talk and answer phone calls but you could not dial from your contacts . There is a manual sync option to do one contact at a time but that is just ridiculous for how much you pay for this Parrot and the Palm itself .
 After loosing the phone -LRB- samsung 807 -RRB- which came with my cingular contract , I was on hunt for a cheap , nice phone with not many internet features . Because the guy who stole my phone made huge bill using internet.After searching for a while I fixed on w200i . And after using it for a week , I am very much satisfied . The good points are1 -RRB- Walkman player on the phone is very good . Sound quality is very good with the included earbuds . Also the included 128MB memory stick is sufficient for ~ 20 songs which is nice , but I want to upgrade it to 2GB stick .2 -RRB- FM radio is good3 -RRB- Voice dialing . I like the implementation of voice dialing on this phone better compared to samsung D807.On D807 , there is no user control on how a contact is to be pronounced . Based on stored conact 's name , the phone assumes a pronounciation . Since names are not standard english words , this always leads to wrong assumptions.Also being from India , my accent is different from American accent . And for me , it never worked on D807 satisfactorily.On w200i , you can record a sound and associate it with a contact . Whenever you pronounce the sound , the associated contact is called . This way I can use the correct sound for the name and also I can use nicknames . This is much better and for me more natural .4 -RRB- Sound volume is good & clear . Unlike D807 , I do n't have to press the phone to my ears .5 -RRB- Light weight and looks cool6 -RRB- Limited internet features . This phone comes with no net browsing facility and limited data features . This way I do n't end up with extra bill for using internet , after inadvertently pressing some button -LRB- many phones I saw have the important buttons associated with internet -RRB- . This is good for those like me , who do n't have/want data plans.Average w.r.t. 1 -RRB- Battery life2 -RRB- camera qualityBad1 -RRB- The hands free cable implementation is a mess . It can be designed better I feel . The clip should be above the heavy handsfree button . Also for me , the left earbud cable is a bit short
 This is a pretty solid phone . The one I got came from Mexico . It still was easy to switch it to english , but some of the stuff is still in spanish , such as the games . Not really a big deal to me , though . It 's pretty simple to use and everything . No real complaints as of yet .
 Tremendo telefono , tengo ya mas de 4 a & ntilde ; os con el , y si ningun problema . La interfas grafica mucho mejor que algunos telefenos nuevos y muy facil de usar . La camara si no es de lo mejor , pero como reproductor de musica es genial .
 Good , cell phone , a good quality . A little more than a regular cell . Just perfect !
 the purchase was a gift that was ecstatically received and is still very much appreciated ... the only bummer was that i did n't notice that it could only transfer info via infra-red ; i thought that Bluetooth was a given ... that said , it 's still an awesome product!well done ! ... Shipping was on time too !
 fast shipping , nice phone , no complains ... Lousy charger , but nothing that a little foil and duct tape ca n't fix .
 the service ... . its unbelievable just tell them whats the problem and the answer is right there infront of you . God its fasssssst . Keep up the good work !!!!!!!!!!!! Hope you got lots of items to sell .
 I like the n75 . It has a nice screen , good features , and some cool apps . you can run on it.However , it 's not too good for mobile games . The directional button is too close to the music button and it quits out of the game if you press it . Also s60 v3 wont run old n-gage games like I thought it would.The camera is not too good for stills . There is very long delay after you hear the shutter and when the picture is taken . Making action shots impossible and `` posed for '' pictures always seem to be after the subject smiles . Video , on the other hand , is pretty impressive.Battery life is not the best on this phone either . But not as bad as reviews lead me to beleive.Music player functions are good . Nokia port instead of standard jack really sucks though . It is a pain to plug things into that thing . Nokia is behind the times in this area.Overall I would recommend the n75 to anyone that wants a s60 v3 phone with music capabilities and does n't mind the nokia port .
 This case is pretty good for the price I paid . It covers all the areas that I do n't want to be scratched on my phone , but it does take a little getting used to if you 're used to just using your phone without the case .
 If you travel , or just use your phone a lot , get this its easier , cheaper and more compact than buying both an extra wall charger and a car charger when you travel . It would be nice if they sold an international power converter with it .
 Not quite as represented , but functional , and a great price . There is no hotsync button as shown on the photo . Still , it works and , unlike the palm product , it will charge your phone through the usb cable . To hotsync you will need to pull up the Hotsync program on the palm device and tap the icon on the screen .
 I bought this item very skeptical given the reviews on Amazon , but it came and worked first try . The sync button works as well , which some people say doesnt work . No fiddling , No problems , I just plugged it in and it worked first try ! Very glad I bought it !
 cable is cheap and it works . Sometimes I have problems downloading data but it has nothing to do with the cable . It usually clears up after I restart my phone .
 Since I ordered the Palm computer interface cables for a friend in India , I do not know how satisfactory the product is . However , none of the stores I shopped had the product , so Amazon.com was the best and quickest way to purchase the items . I am very satisfied with the service and the cost .
 I purchased this product for use with a Palm Tx . Works great and it was purchased for nearly half the retail price .
 This was a great price ! The cable works just as well as the cable which came with the phone originally .
 Go for the brand name battery , that way you do n't have to worry about the quality .
 My daughter lost her phone charger so we were able to find this one at a great price . It works perfect know the phone lines are open again .
 The product was as advertised and shipping was fast . Too bad the phone we bought it for died before we got the replacement charger . Thank you anyway . : -RRB-
 I purchased this charger to go with the Motorola Razr that I purchased from Amazon.com , but never ended up with because # 1 was stolen out of the box before it made it to my house . Boxes # 's 2 & 3 made it , but the new phones had been removed and been replaced with old , used ones with incompatible software -LRB- to my new carrier that I had to cancel because of -RRB- by disgruntled employees in shipping -LRB- probably -RRB- . This car charger works great ! I know because I ended up giving it to my daughter who still has her old Razr . The item 's shipping cost is almost as much as the purchase price so it was not cost effective for me to have to pay to return it .
 Charger works great with my RAZR V3r . It would have cost me 3x as much to buy it from Cingular .
 I was so impressed with the price of the batteries that I purchased 3 . That should outlast the life of the phone . I charged it for 24 hours before using and it worked as if it were a new phone . I was surprised that I was charged 3 shpping charges . I think that Amazon is the one that does this . It happened on another purchased as well .
 Worked as desired after 3 weeks of use . Holds a charge for about a week after a full charge . Timely delivery .
 I have used it for a month and it meets my expectation . It will last for 2-3 days for a full charge . Not bad as this price .
 My wife and I have the same razr phones . My original battery started to fail last year and hers recently . Verizon wanted $ 50.00 for a new one to replace . I tried the Slim LI Ion battery for my phone last year figuring for $ 5.00 why not . It still is holding the charge . I text often and use the phone a lot . We just bought the second for her phone and expect the same results .
 After seeing the same battery at Best Buy for $ 40 , I could not believe such a good deal could be found on Amazon.This has become my place for cell batteries !
 my old battery would die within an hour and this was a smart and cheap replacement .
 after a year of having my RAZR , the battery quickly began to deteriorate . it would n't stayed charged for more than a few hours -LRB- shorter when i actually made calls -RRB- . i was about to cancel my plan until a friend suggested buying a new battery . for the past 2wks , i 've been so much happier ! i can leave my phone on for days at a time , without having to turn it on/off to get power or keep it in the charger all day . definitely get this if you are having similar problems to what i was having ...
 I looked for a reasonable price when I purchased my battery for the cell phone and I found it here .
 My phone gets used a lot and when I needed a battery I figured it would be very pricey . I was happy to find this battery for such a reasonable price . I will purchase phone batteries here again and have recommended this merchant to several of my friends . Thanks !
 The battery arrived quickly , and was date stamped as being from the last month , which is critical with Lithium ion batteries . And it was all at a great price .
 This battery maintains its charge for over 2 days . It is providing extended conversation hours without having to plug the phone in to be recharged . After using the old battery for over 2 years , the battery required charging every few hours . This replacement battery at an amazing price seeems to perform much better than the original battery even when the phone was new .
 I bought this thinking I was walking into a bad deal . However , it has been a great battery . I must say , for the price , I was extremely well pleased .
 Would definitely do business with these people again - as a matter of fact , will do so in the near future .
 I 'm pleased with this battery . The battery I received with the cellphone only lasted for 1 year , and so far this has been a great replacement .
 I think I paid about a buck and a half for this replacement battery . The Verizon store wanted $ 40 for the same thing . So far so good !
 These guys ' prices are the best . While I had some shipping problems with this , I believe it was the US Post Office 's problem . I eventually got the shipment as promised , but it had been lost in the mail.Great prices , and a professional seller .
 Received 2 batteries . Both worked very well . Would purchase again . Exceptionaly good value
 I 've had this battery for over a month now , so have been able to test it thoroughly . I was initially skeptical because the price was so low ... but the battery life is excellent !
 This battery is as good as the battery that came with the phone at an excellent price .
 I needed an other phone and had these 2 old Motorola Razors , the batteries were dead , could not find charger . Gpot original Motorola Parts and the phones are back in service .
 My dad used this for his cell phone and it works very well ! It is really good and helpful to use !
 I did n't have a single problem with the purchase of the product , the delay for delivery , nor the price . Everything worked out very well for us
 Item shipped fast and arrived in perfect conditions , it has been suitable to my needs and I have nothing negative in response .
 Purchased replacement on recommendation from Motorola . Cellphone is old , but new battery seems to have given it a new life .
 Bought this to replace an nonchargeable battery . Put it in the phone and charged it . Stays up two days with normal use . Great item !
 Because my cell phone is out of date the batteries are not stocked at local vendors . I was very pleased to be able to purchase it on line . Works great , but must recharge frequently .
 got my battery fast and at a good price.here are some more words . . should hit twenty soon . good job . not doing any more reviews ... if you want my opinion make it easier to give
 Thanks to amazon for selling these batteries !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are cheap and well worth it !! I have an `` older '' cell phone and its nice to be able to find batteries for it !!!!!!!!!!!
 As other buyers have stated , not as good as original battery but does give about 2 days with low usuage.Items were shipped quickly . Will most likely have to give up the razr some day soon .
 I bought 2 of these batteries for our phones and they 've been great so far . Went from a charge lasting about 8 hours to multiple days under the same conditions and usage . Was shipped w/o any issues as well .
 Very excellent product . I was able to use my old Motorola Razr Cell Phone . I have 2 . I bought 2 of these batteries . I am now using them . Good working condition . I am recommending them to my friends . I will buy 2 more .
 just the battery i needed at just a good price . It 's a good deal and I could n't find it no place else . Every one could n't either get it or wanted a arm and a leg . It arrived very quick too .
 Received the Battery as expected . And charge to full strength immediately . It provided much longer battery life than the old one . Speedy delivery and excellent price as well .
 it was just what it was suppose to be . Works better than my old battery and the service was great . The old battery was getting fat , the new was nice and slim .
 Just as brand new product , it does its work , hold the charge.It 's so cheap , I bought two , oh well , actually one is enough because it is indeed a very good battery .
 I needed a battery for my Razor phone-old but still worked , so do n't laugh . I was told by AT&T that it was $ 45 and other stores $ 30-35 and I would have to order and it would take about a week . I got it here for $ 3 bucks and some change ! Great deal !
 Excellent battery . This battery holds charge very well . I talked for 2.5 hrs at stretch yesterday and it was only half way consumed . I strongly recommend this battery and ordering one spare formyself .
 I got this battery because the other one was not holding much more than a couple day charge -LRB- with limited use -RRB- . This one is only a slight improvement on the old one , but it does give a bit more charge . Overall worth the low cost of the item .
 The batteries were a good product for a good price . They arrived or were shipped as advertised and were packaged securely .
 After looking at several pricey replacement options for my old cell phone , I thought I would give this inexpensive battery a try . I was not expecting much after reading all the other comments . But , seriously , after charging it a few hours , it 's a working battery that lasts 5-7 days . For the kind of price it 's asking , I have no complains .
 I had no idea how easy it was to find a replacement battery for my Razr . Thanks I am back to full days of useage again .
 father in law still uses a old razr he loves the phone got him this new battery as his old one was lasting 30 secs on a phone call everything worked great
 I recieved the battey in a timely mannor . It works well , I will get two hours service before it needs a recharge .
 This battery came from the vendor in 4 days using regular mail . The price ca n't be beat . Fantastic bargain . I 'd order again from this company .
 Battery for my Razor phone was under $ 7 with free shipping.I got the battery in 3 days.Doesn ' t get any better than that .
 This was the cheapest battery I could find to replace my niece 's RAZR battery . She was having to charge her phone quite often , but now she only has to do it once every day or so .
 After being shocked by my local cell phone company prices , I came back to good old Amazon.com for my needs . The batteries are real Moto 's and work fine in all 3 of my phones .
 The product arrived as advertised . Seems to keep a charge for a few days , but dies very quickly after the battery indicator looses its first bar .
 This is a great service . The new battery out does my factory battery by miles .
 I was a little skeptical when ordering this battery based on some of the reviews , but figured it was worth the risk at ~ $ 4 . The original BR50 battery that came with my RAZR was close to 2 years old and would rarely last a full day if I had to make several brief phone calls . I purchased a car charger about a month ago which seems to have accelerated the decay of my original battery.I 've been using the new battery for several days and it seems to be working as well as or better than my original battery did when it was new . After 2 days with no charging and making a few short phone calls , the battery meter was still showing a full 6 . I was a little surprised when I received the battery that it did not have the same BR50 label as my original , but everything about it appears to be official Motorlola and the battery has been great .
 Just bought this cell phone battary few days back and as of now its working good . I do not know how long it works good and expecting to work at least one year . . So its too early to give rating so I can rate 4/5 at this time . . Prasad
 I was a little hesistant after reading some of the negative reviews , but given the low cost -LRB- and low risk -RRB- I decided to give it a shot . My order was promptly delivered within three business days , actually a couple of days before the earliest estimated delivery date . The battery was a Motorola OEM and and exact match to the original in my RAZR V3c . My 2 + year old phone works as good or better than it did when it was new . I 've gone from about 8 hours of standby and/or 25 minutes of talk time -LRB- max -RRB- to several days of standby and many hours of talk time . I 've not even come close to a low battery yet so I ca n't give specifics . Bottom line - it works great and was well worth the cost !
 I read other reviews before I 've bought this battery and decided to try my luck anyway for 7 bucks :-RRB- so , I 'm here to tell you that it works nice to me , I own it for the month already and still I have 3 + hours for talking and 3 days for stand by !!! Is n't it great ?! Of Course it is : -RRB- I 'm glad that I 've tried it , I was even thinking if it wo n't keep the power for 3 hours for talking I 'll need to go in AT&T ; store and by original one for $ 40 , the old one that was going with one kept the power for one and a half years . Will see for how long this one will leave .
 I purchased 2 of these ; one for myself and one for my husband . Now , our razrs are like brand new phones all over again . We 've used them for months now and I have no complaints !
 Replaced the battery couple of weeks ago . Phone holds the charge much longer now . So far so good ...
 Shopped for this battery at the local radio shack ... $ 49 but was able to get the same value for $ 4.99 so I bought 2 batteries .
 I bought this for my sister 's cell phone and it worked liked a charm . . I highly recommend this product . .
 I got it right away . It 's a good battery , i dnt need to charge my motorla for a week and the battery is still fully charge .
 Got a new battery for my wifes cell phone off of amazon . com . Am very pleased with purchase , Brand new battery , two day arrival time and the price was perfect !
 The battery worked like new and the phone has battery life like it was bought yesterday .
 After two years , my phone 's original battery would no longer hold a charge at all & we 're not ready to upgrade , so I had to replace it . Obviously I did n't want to pay full retail price for a new one , so I started shopping online . I will admit I was hesitant to buy a battery that was TOO inexpensive , but after reading other reviews , decided it was well worth the risk at such a low price . This battery works great - I have had no problems with it whatsoever ... great product ! Thank you !
 I bought two a month ago , delivered on time . They both hold charge for a week with mimimal talking , and have been working fine so far after more than a month .
 The battery was sent quickly and was the right type . Unfortunately it did n't `` fix '' my phone ; something other than the battery was wrong so I ca n't comment on how the replacement battery performed .
 I am so impressed , for under four dollars , I get a battery that works excellent , holds good charge , for pocket change ! I love it ! Keep them great deals coming Amazon !!!
 When both our phones started having problems charging we knew it was time for new batteries . Local stores wanted $ 35 - $ 45 for replacements . Found them here for less than $ 5 each . Original equipment batteries , great price , fast shipping . Sure beats the local competetion !
 I purchase 2 of these cell phone batteries from Amazon and have been very pleased with the batteries . I had been needing batteries for 2 phones for a while and saw the price of these as compared to the local cell phone company 's price . I saved over $ 30 per battery .
 We have been using the new batteries for over a month . Holding a charge very good so far , in our at least 6 year old Razor phones . We do not text though . Plus neither one of us spend hours and hours on our cells . I have talked up to 2 hours , twice , and it held the charge fine . For the price it is well worth it !!!!!!!!!!!
 This battery arrived in a timely manner , charged up in my old Razr phone and is working . What else can I ask for ?
 I ordered the battery on Thursday night and got it Saturday noon . You ca n't be faster than that . And the price was the best . Battery seems to work fine .
 This battery works well for my 2 Razr V3M phones even though it 's an older battery . I 'd buy these again .
 The first battery I got did n't work . I emailed and they were so fast getting back and sending me a new battery . The battery does n't hold a charge for as long as my old one did , but for the price it was worth it . I do n't use my cell phone all the time so it does n't need a very strong battery .
 Purchased a second battery to have it on hand when my other battery is no longer of use . Glad to have found a battery for my Motorola Razr Cell phone which is no longer available at T Mobile .
 I was surprised at the price and bought two for less than eight bucks . The first one that I 'm using is holding a charge infinitely longer that the OEM battery that came with my phone . Very satisfied .
 I thought I would have to give up my favorite cell phone because I could no longer get a battery from my service provider . Thanks Amazon . Not I can hang onto my phone for a while longer .
 The Dekcell Battery from Amazon was exactly what I expected at a very good price . I expect that it will last as long as it should .
 The ONLY reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I can not honestly comment on the performance of the battery . So far , awesome . The battery was shipped out and received way before the projected/promised time -LRB- much appreciated-Thank you ! -RRB- .
 Needed to replace my old battery that no longer held a charge and this fit the bill exactly - great price & shipping costs and works great ! Did n't need to do an expensive cell phone replacement !
 Came so fast and was the perfect replacement for my Motorola ! Definitely beat out any place I could find it locally .
 Battery is as ordered . It charged and is working . The major complaint is almost 30 days between order and arrival date .
 It arrived in good condition and volt meter measurement got good reading . however I suspect it was used since the four metal contact points got fine scratches .
 I 've had my Razr for nearly 2 years , and about 9 months ago , I noticed that the battery life had dramatically diminished . I finally got around to buying a new battery for the phone -LRB- in stores , they retail for as much as $ 45 -RRB- , and it worked like a charm . I was worried that the battery might not fit the phone , but it did .
 I 've had it about 3 months , and so far it 's working fine for me . I do n't know if it will only last a year or not -LRB- like some others have stated -RRB- but even if it stops holding a charge after that , I 'm thinking it 's still well worth the $ 3 I paid .
 It 's a battery . It fits the phone and it holds charge for about the same length of time as the original . Price was good and , so far , does exactly what it is suppose to .
 I am extremely pleased by the quality and price of the Motorola battery I received from your company . Thank you so much !
 the battery was good . it was exactly what it said it was and it works great . it is hard to believe that it was as cheap as it was and works just the same as the one they would charge you 40 for at the cell store .
 For the price these batteries are OK , they do not seem to hold a charge as long as the originals , but if you recharge you phone frequently you probably wo n't notice .
 i am very surprised , i charged this battery the day i got it , its now been 4 days and i have n't had to recharge it yet , better than the original battery that came with my phone . .
 Received the battery within the specified time in good condition . Upon comparison to the battery that came with the phone , it has a 50 miliamp difference , and the battery holds a charge for slightly less time than the one that came with the phone did when new ; however it is still much better than the year and a half old battery performs now . For slightly less performance , yet a savings of $ 35 over the $ 40 Verizon charges for a new battery , I would say this is a good buy .
 As you know RAZR batteries do n't last long . For the price of this one you just ca n't beat having extra batteries around . This battery came very quickly and was fully charged when I got it . Great Product !
 Great way to continue using my Razr ! Did n't have to throw away a good phone , and did n't have to spend $ 30 on a new battery .
 This is an excellent product at a great price ... would not hesitate to buy more from this vendor .
 i got this once my original battery died almost after 2 yrs . This one charges well : -RRB-
 This was by far the least expensive -LRB- even with shipping -RRB- I could find this battery . It came straight to my door . It could n't have been easier and it works great .
 Like the other review stated , the battery lasts only about a year . But , not to put too fine a point on it , I 'd like to add the timeframe is independent on usage . In otherwords , the batteries do n't seem to ` keep ' well.I just purchased a ` new ' battery from Amazon , and although it was unused -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , it was manufactured over a year ago . Despite this , the battery worked perfectly for the first month , but eventually it began to lose ability to hold a charge . At the end of six weeks time it was performing as poorly as the original I replaced.In a fit of mild disgust I tromped down to the T-Mobile store where I caved in and bought an overpriced -LRB- but ` fresh ' -RRB- battery . So far , the new one has behaved fine . My standby and talk times are back up to what they were when I purchased the phone . -LRB- Approx 2.5 days w / light usage , and about 4 hours straight talk time . -RRB- Honestly , I do n't think there is anything wrong with the batteries , per se , but I think you will get a better bang for the buck if you manage to find a ` fresh ' one . For me , the surest way to do that was to go to a T-Mo store where I could actually inspect the manufacturing date on the battery before I purchased it.YMMV .
 Based on my past experienced w / this batttery , it does ` nt last more than a year no matter how much you care of this battery.Anyway there 's always amazon which sells cheaper for replacement .
 This seems to work as well as the ones from the phone store , but is so much cheaper . I was a little hesitant but figured I couldnt really go wrong , and it turned out really well .
 Not much to say , its a OE battery , it worked just like the original . Great price on this .
 The batteries work really well , although they are a bit less in capacity , they really do the job and my phone no longer shuts down after making one call . The batteries will last me throughout the entire day , and perhaps last me for 6 months , but I do know I have another one to rely on since I brought two of these items . And for only a penny , lol really only 1 cent , you really ca n't go wrong with this . With the amount of pennies I have , I can probably get a lot of these , lol . This was actually the first time that I made an online purchase , when the shipping actually cost more than the actual product , lol .
 I bought two of these batteries to replace the constantly dying battery of my v3 . I am very pleased , my phone is now holding charge and lasting at least four days without the annoying `` charge me '' sound .
 This battery for my razr is a significant upgrade.It lasts me a week of normal use , just crazy.I would say this is pretty good quality .
 Product arrived on time . I charged the battery fully and it works as intended with no problems in my phone .
 I bought this for my mother 's cell phone because it would no longer take a charge . This battery fixed her problem and she has n't complained since .
 It was very good item , quality and acceptable price , too.I can recommend this for everyone , why not.Thank you soVasil Xh .
 As one of the few people on earth who has an older phone , trying to find a replacement battery was not something I was looking forward to . I was so pleased to find my battery and at a great price . I received my order sooner than I had expected and it was just what I had ordered .
 I am so happy I was able to keep my current cell phone -LRB- Razor -RRB- and all I needed was a new battery with a great price .
 This made one of my old crappy phones keep up with new phone . Buy this even if you think you do n't need a new battery because if your phone is more than 2 years old you do need one . And no I do n't own stock in Motorola battery 's
 The first battery received lost it 's charge overnight . . the vendor replaced it with another look alike that is working better.Not totally happy with the quality but the vendor was responsive and that is important for discount item transactions like this .
 Before getting this battery , I was having to charge my cell phone multiple times a day . Now I 'm back to charging it every 3 days or so .
 I was amazed because I actually thought , companies make a lot ofmoney on the replacement batteries for products -LRB- this is the casefor instance with cordless power tools -RRB- . This one is really cheapand works like the one that was in the phone when it was new . Oneweek until recharge with about two to three few-minute calls perday .
 Hi , I purchased a battery for my cell phone from Hollycellular and the battery works great , Hollycellular offeres great prices and great customer service I would highly reccomend Hollycellular for all your battery needs .
 For those of us troglodytes who still use cell phones for talking , installing this Motorola branded replacement battery made my 4 year old silver RAZR act like a kid again . And so much cheaper than the big box store alternative .
 As far as I can tell this is the real deal , the OEM battery ... price super low , shipping super fast ... no complaints here !
 very great battery.i put in my razar and it fits perfectecly.this battery is long last atleast 2 years worl very good.i am happy with this battery . igive 5star rate .
 Great price for Motorola branded batteries . Works great and seems to last as long as original battery did when new .
 I bought this replacement battery for an older cell phone . The original battery for the phone would die in less than a day . The NEW one The OEM Planet sent me was GREAT , brand new , AWESOME PRICE !!! It is better than spending $ 50 on a new one at Radio Shack !! They battery shipped on time , seller was 100 % wonderful all the way around ! I will be doing business with this company in the future thats for sure !! Thank you sooo much !! Keep up the great service !! Motorola Lithium-Ion Battery BR50 / SNN5696 / SNN5777 / SNN5794A
 I have only been using the battery for a couple of days , but it appears to be working like the factory original so far .
 The service was excellent . The battery for a Motorola Razor is functioning very well and holding a good charge .
 I purchased a phone battery a few weeks earlier and when it arrived , discovered that it would not hold a charge . My first thought was that for the little amount I spent , why bother . After letting the guys at ACC Stop know that I had a problem , they immediately sent a replacement battery with an apology for the inconvenience . Quality people at this place !!!
 Shipping was super fast , and the price is great !!!!!! battery needed to be charged for about two hours , and working great ... . I would definetly purchase ...
 I 'm glad to have a friend that suggested this site for batteries , my other one I was charging 5 times a day and now with this new one I only have to charge my phone every couple of days before use .
 Excellent . I love the quality of the product and the LOW PRICE ! Sounds cliche but its true especially since the combination of the two are really hard to find .
 Good quality for its price . It lasts , but the only thing is that when the battery is low it immediately shuts off the phone .
 have been very pleased with all my purchases from amazonthe batterys for my Motorola RAZR V3 was a great buy and work great .
 Great product for the price . Did not hold charge quite as well as the original though .
 I finally got a battery that the V3 recognizes and works . Excellent price and fast shipping , too .
 I got this battery a month ago , and so far it seems to hold out . I 'm getting a decent stand-by time . The only complaint I have was the original was 3.6 V though the vendor supplied me with a 3.7 V Alright .1 V probably does n't make too much difference , but in terms of electronics I 'm not so sure .
 Fast delivery good price , battery works .
 I purchased this battery as a replacement for my original . It definitely holds a charge and for the price it 's a great deal . My RAZR has worked great since I 've been using this battery . You wo n't be disappointed .
 With the Razr ` s short battery autonomy , i needed this as a second battery . I have no complaint .
 I purchase two of these batteries and I am glad I did . they both worked as advertised . A word of advice , order two batteries , the price is good ...
 Got a new OEM battery for my razor . Excellent quality and I think they shipped the same day . Would buy from this vendor again .
 i recived li ion battery it would not hold a charge also recived another on full charge talk time is only 10 to 15 minutes if i knew the batterys would not hold a charge i would not have ordered from here .
 I was worried having read the other reviews , and decided to buy 2 as insurance , especially since shipping costs equal one battery , so what the heck since Verizon stores are much more expensive . So far , battery lifetime is very good , and I am pleased . Works much like the original battery . Date codes indicate that both batteries were manufactured 6 months ago . Do n't know what aging the less good experiences had , but this is very satisfactory to me . If I become disappointed , I will edit this review , but so far , so good ! Now that I have two batteries at $ 5 , I may charge both for trips since one battery is considerably more portable than those chargers .
 since most places want 49.00 2.45 + shipping is a steal amazing speed on delivery.Slim Li Ion Battery for the Motorola RAZR V3
 when I first got my battery , I looked it over and charged it , then I reviewed it , had to withdraw that review , seems that the battery would only last 3 hours , on standby , that was not acceptable . I almost just gave it a bad review without saying anything , I did not want the hassle of trying to deal with such an inexpensive item.I went ahead and contacted the seller , to my surprise , I got almost instant reply from AccessoryOne and Amazon . The seller apologized and sent me a replacement , that I received in very short order , surprising for something so inexpensive . I had no cost to return the old one.Bottom line is , the new one works well and the company and Amazon both were will to stand behind the product , thats more than you can say about a lot of `` big box stores '' , even when you return something in person.I have to give AccessoryOne and Amazon a big A + + + for customer service .
 This battery on average lasts a few days longer than the OEM battery that comes with the RAZR V3 , which is good . I usually keep the OEM for back up purposes only on the rare chance that this battery runs low on me . I highly recommend this battery if you are n't interested in purchasing the extended life battery , which is bulkier and requires a bigger back to the V3 .
 My phone needed a new battery , and now I have one , and it only cost me a penny . What more could I possibly ask for ?
 It worked like my original one so do n't hesitate to buy it ! The best thing is the price ... wow . .
 I 've had the item for some months now and it 's still working great .
 Anywhere else this battery costs at minimum 4 times more . Even with the shipping it 's a steal . Grab two or three for backup.A-1 service from A-1 Accessories .
 I should clarify my review title by saying that this battery is pricey compared to the non-Motorola batteries which mostly received negative reviews . I know someone who bought one of these and had good experience . However I decided to pay more and go for a Motorola replacement . It works well . If it lasts as long as my original Motorola battery -LRB- 1.5 year -RRB- , I 'll be very satisfied .
 I received my item in a very timely manner and it was in terrific condition . Works great and I am very satisfied .
 I ordered this product because my RAZR 's old battery would n't last for more than 24 hrs . I got the product very fast and it works perfect !
 I purchased this battery and believe me , the price and the product ... really good . Right now is working great and has a long lasting life without recharge .
 Excellent product . I 'm very happy with the way the entire transaction was handled . I highly recommend the seller as well .
 Oredered this battery thinking it was the older black and white battery that first came with the RAZR 's . Come to find out when they send it to me that it is the newer BR50 that Motorola designed for the PEBL . And for 5.99 , its a STEAL ! it actually is a Motorola OEM battery , and came as such -LRB- no retail packaging , all it came in was a little clear plastic bag , typical of OEM . -RRB- So I got a $ 44 battery for $ 6 . Grab one while you can .
 These cells have never been known for their longetivity . The old battery on my cell phone was very flaky -LRB- would start beeping for low battery if I talked on the phone for 5 mins ! -RRB- ... now at least I get a more reasonable talk time -LRB- 1 hour or so ? -RRB- .
 The items was delivered very fast . The items were exactly as described . I am very happy with my purchase and would use this site again .
 I purchased this for my RAZR V # and it is perfect . Just like the original in every way -LRB- logo and everything -RRB- . The price was too good to be true ! Quick shipping . Excellent deal !
 I have to agree with a few people on here about being a little worried . I expected the phone to start on fire or blow up for the price I paid . I decided for the price it 's worth the risk . I was right . This battery lasted longer than the original one I had and for a fraction of the price . This was one of the best purchases anyone can make if they have a razor . If you have a good battery you might want to by a couple for long trips without recharging . Two thumbs way up I do n't know how they do it with that price but they did !
 When I originally purchased my MotoRazr nearly two years ago , it had incredible battery life . I could talk on it as much as I wanted for about three days before I had to even think about charging it . A few months ago , I started noticing that was n't quite the case anymore . Before I bought this replacement , I would be lucky to get through a full day of very light usage . This battery restored my battery life to the early days of my phone , and I could n't be happier . Excellent product , great price ; directly , Motorola will charge you 40 + dollars . To anyone that is noticing a reduced battery life on your V3 Razr , buy this product .
 Purchased this item from the seller , had a slight problem at the beginning , but the seller went above and beyond service to get the problem resolved . Battery is excellent and took care of my old `` wo n't take a charge '' battery .
 It eliminated all the headache I was having with my phone when it was getting low of battery very frequently .
 priced this item at cingular for $ 40 ... think I paid no more than $ 10 for this , received it within a week and has worked perfectly since ...
 I tried buying a battery for my Razr at some electronic brick and mortar stores and they were quoting prices > 35 bucks . I got this one for less than 10 bucks and got it shipped for free due to Amazon prime . This battery rocks .
 The battery did not hold charge , so Amazon arranged for replacement hassle free . The new battery holds charge as well as the one that came with the phone originally .
 The manufactures date printed on this battery is 12/06 which is a little older than I would have liked . That said the battery works flawlessly . One reviewer noted this battery doesnt hold quite as long a charge as his original battery . The charge seemed just as strong to me . Hell , even if it was slighty less charge you could by 3 of these things and still be waaay ahead of anything you can find in stores . I guess some people are never satisfied , but you 'll be if you buy this battery . At $ 7 shipped I dont see how this battery could get less than 5 stars .
 I lost the charge for my Motorola RAZR V3 , and I found this cheap one , surprisingly , it works so great that i asked my frds whoever lost the charger to buy from eforcity
 seems to work fine , though has only been used for 1 month so far .
 Slim Li Ion battery for my RAZR V3 works well , I wish the charge lasted longer though .
 I originally got this because the battery on my phone was dying only after a day or so and I 'm glad I did . This battery works as well as the old one when it was brand new or even better . I was a bit worried that my RAZR would have been too old to have it fit since it was one of the first black models to go out , but it works perfectly fine with it.Now I 'm not worried about my phone dying while over at a friend 's house . The only reason it gets four stars is because it 's just a battery and there 's nothing else you can do with it .
 I was a little worried that the battery might not work so I bought 2 ... at this price , why not ?!? I 've been using it for a couple of weeks and its working well !
 The best part of getting a new phone is getting a new battery . It makes all the difference . Speedy delivery .
 Since the price was very low -LRB- shipping is another story -RRB- I ordered three when I only needed one at the time -LRB- leaves two spares , right ? -RRB- . Well , the first one chosen has worked fine and my daughter is quite pleased .
 This battery has performed well over the last several months . I purchased two batteries for two RAZR 's . One RAZR is used about two hours a day and holds a charge for two days easily . The other is used about two hours a week with a Bluetooth headset and holds a charge for about four days.I have noticed a slight decline in the ability to hold a charge when constantly used with the Bluetooth headset . The batteries were manufactured in May 2006 so they were only about 4 months old when I got them . The original batteries supplied with the phones lasted for 18 months but the last three or four months required constant charging.For the price , I 'll be satisfied with one year of good use . I thought about stocking up , but decided that unless I was willing to constantly rotate the batteries , it would not be worth it .
 Because this is the same battery as the original equipment , you would expect it to be identical in qppearance and performance , and it was . Happy with price paid , shipment , etc. .
 I had my doubts because this product was priced so cheaply , but it has performed very well now and has given my phone noticeable life . I would highly recommend this product .
 This battery seems to be performing alright so far . I have read horror stories about after market batteries failing within a week or two . I 've had this one about a month now and it is better than the one I had from Verizon . Time will tell though .
 Great replacement battery . I needed one badly . Too bad my phone got wet and wo n't work now .
 Nothing dramtic to report -LRB- that 's good -RRB- . The purchase went smoothly , procuct was shipped quickly , and works as expected.A + rating
 This is the same battery that the phone came with . Works well and was available at a great price . The phone is like new again !
 Original battery would not hold charge for more than 1 day ; In first month with new battery , I get at least 3 days -LRB- usually 4 -RRB- for a cost of < $ 10 with shipping . What a bargain !
 I was looking for a replacement battery for my sons RAZR phone . Very much like the price for this battery BUT to have it sent to me was more that the battery 's cost -- Go Figure . Anyway , this battery has worked just great .
 I bought two of these , and they work fine - no difference from the original .
 Went into Best-buy a year back and got quoted $ 30 for a RAZR battery . Purchased this one instead on Amazon and 6-8 months later was back for another one for my wife.Overall works well though after a year the first one seems to be starting to give some trouble in terms of holding charge for a long enough period.For the price -LRB- with shipping -RRB- I just plan to buy one every year till I replace the RAZR .
 This product was exactly as described and waaaaay less costly than what AT&T ; charges.The item was here two days after ordering . Great service !
 Battery is smaller than the original that came with my phone and looks nothing like the picture , but it is the best battery thats ever been in my phone . Highly recommend you buy from this seller
 Amazing what happened with these batteries . Now they 're five bucks and they work great . Highly recommend .
 It 's probably the toughest to tell whether or not this battery is original manufacturer certified or just some cheap chinese knockoff . All the stuff seems genuine , even the hologram on the wrap foil on the physical battery . Regardless of whether or not it is the real deal ... I bought a new battery to replace my original manufacturer 's one that was only getting about 30 min talk time per full charge -LRB- V3 razr phone -RRB- . The new battery works like a charm ... I now do n't have to buy a completely new phone . Pretty sweet . I bought the biz from SFPlanet ... great shipping and great battery . I might buy a few more just to have as spares . Thanks so much ... I am very pleased . They shipped the new battery for 7.50 including shipping . Good stuff . Make sure it is coming from SF Planet ... you wo n't regret it . Cheers . : -RRB-
 Oredered this battery thinking it was the older black and white battery that first came with the RAZR 's . Come to find out when they send it to me that it is the newer BR50 that Motorola designed for the PEBL . And for 5.99 , its a STEAL ! it actually is a Motorola OEM battery , and came as such -LRB- no retail packaging , all it came in was a little clear plastic bag , typical of OEM . -RRB- So I got a $ 44 battery for $ 6 . Grab one while you can .
 Good battery so far ; lasts just as long as the original battery when it was new .
 This battery is holding a charge equivalent to what people say is a normal amount of time for one of these . I purchased this phone from a loser company off ebay and needed a battery for it when the phone arrived . I understand these batteries are supposed to last at least a year without significant talk time loss . I have only had this product for 2 months with very little use on this phone but the product seems the better of the the two purchases . I only lowered the score because it needs to last to be worth it . It is not the company or the batt . so at this time in truth a 5 would be acceptable . Good shipping time and product is as advertised so far at a good price ... so good job .
 This battery is a bargain compared to what you will pay for it at the cellular phone store . Makes your phone work like new again .
 I ca n't believe that my phone stays charged for six days . What a great deal . I only turned on bluetooth when I needed it , otherwise , I believe it would have lasted only a few days .
 Brand new battery performs as good as the one bought from local store with 1/6 of the price . Excellent customer support team .
 Replacement batteries are working great . They take a charge , hold it , and last seemingly as long as the original when it was new .
 Quick 5 buck fix . Decent battery life , the issue is with the Verizon software , not the battery though . This would be a better bang for the buck if the software on my phone itself did n't suck .
 I was leary about purchasing the battery because it cost so little . But I called the vendor and asked if it was a new battery and not used or re-conditioned . The vendor assured me it was a new battery . It has performed well so far .
 I purchased a lithium battery replacement for my cell phone from SF Planet . The item was delivered in a timely manner and has performed well .
 Batteries are the correct ones and last longer than the original phone battery between charges . We are ordering more -LRB- we have three RAZR phones between us -RRB- .
 Had a problem with the item I purchased . This company made it right ASAP . I will keep purchasing items from this company .
 I bought this battery as a replacement for a year old battery . It has been a month and the life of the battery is about 2-3 days standby , much better than the 10 hrs of my old one . If this is a cheap knock-off it has n't shown in the quality , I am very satisfied so far !
 Battery gave new life to my wife 's Razr phone . Very affordable especially compared to what one would pay in the stores .
 I found the battery to be as advertised OEM and about twenty five bucks cheaper than the Verizon store . It came quickly , and with a minor freight charge ...
 Hesitantly ordered on-line because of the price -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- . Battery arrived days earlier than promised , charged up and has been working very well . Best $ 4.90 ever spent on a cell phone battery , and with free shipping !!
 i bought this battery about a month ago . The life of the battery is extremely long . very happy customer !! hopefully , it will stay that way for many years .
 I 've bought lots of these batteries elsewhere -- none of them worked . The ones ordered at Amazon were not only cheaper -- they worked the first time !
 Battery came earlier than expected and Amazon once again is fantastic . The new battery made my phone work like new . This is wonderful because I like my old phone but hated the fact that it died after only a half of day . This was even after being plugged into the charger all night . It works like new . Happy customer .
 I have these batteries to replace my originals that worked for 2 years so far so good delivery was excelent . Amazon shipping was great . product so far works well .
 Oem battery , works great and received in just 3 days ! Love the razr but original battery died , bought an aftermarket , it only lasted 9 months , so back to OEM .
 Was n't an exact fit for my phone . Had to cut off one of the plastic tabs , but it works fine once I got it in there .
 bottons make it easy to answer calls , adjust volume and redial without having to go in search of your phone . Very nice and compact , descreet , not bulky at all . It stays in place . Most headsets tend to fall out of my ear , this one stays put . However , the volume isnt high enough when wind or outside traffic noise is loud .
 This earpiece hurts the inside of my ears however it does fit better than the H500 . Sometimes it sounds a little staticky but my calls are clear enough for me to hear what is going on . It is easy to use , but it does not connect automatically to the RAZR like the H500 does . I have to have my phone search for the item in order for me to use it each time I turn it on . The hook does not help as it is too big for small ears , therefore I just press the earbud into my ear . The overall size is OK if you do n't like the earpieces with the long mics . Plus the color is cool as it is the only headset that matches the magenta RAZR.January 11 , 2008Update
 First , the function and performance of this little headset are flawless . It synchronizes quickly with any bluetooth phone . Then the sound is the same quality as if using the phone without a headset.Both microphone and ear function without causing that deep-in-a-cave effect.While all of the above is what I would expect from a perfect headset , this gem comes with a bonus
 I would definitely reccommend to anyone who wants a good bluetooth with good sound quality . Comes with a great warranty .
 I do love it . The only problem I have is the same as others , the ear piece is alittle difficult to stay in my ear but I do get it to stay on . That is why I gave it only 4 stars . People tell me they ca n't even tell that I am using a bluetooth & the sound quality for me is excellent . It is so easy to use , turning on/off/answering a call . I do recommend this one .
 I was worried about the size of the ear piece because I have already had problems with headphones that did n't fit and event hurt my ears before . Still , I figured no one 's gon na let me try one on anyway , so I went for it.This is my first wireless headset and I find it very easy to operate and deal with . I actually hear better with it than with my phone and people hear me very clearly . It comes with a rubber cap for the ear piece and two foam ones . I use the foam cover , it seems to keep it in place better . My ears are small so I do n't use the wrap around piece because it 's too loose.I bought this model because of its size , mainly . I 've seen people with HUGE pieces looking very sci-fi-y and that 's just not my thing . I wanted something small and cute , and then what do you know ?! It comes in hot pink too !! When I got it I paired it with my Samsung C417 , and I connect it and disconnect it whenever I want . Connecting it takes less time than it would if I was hooking the phone up with a corded headset -LRB- which I used to do whenever I got in the car and was about to drive -RRB- . And to disconnect it I just turn the headset off.The only reason why I do n't give it 5 stars is because I have no other frame of reference since this is my first ever blue tooth device .
 I love this product , has nice unique design , and very convenient USB cable that charge the piece also through the computer . I hear very well with it , and I like that it is small . Sometimes I have small problems with it , I heard few times before that the other person I talked to could not hear me well , but it is rare and i have this product for couple of years now.I definitely recommend it
 One great product love the many different ways to charge it and the easy use . Not hard at all to work real simple
 This model of headset is very good ! It is very clear and has the added feature of working with your PC and telephone / communications applications like SKYPE -LRB- although you may need to purchase a BlueTooth dongle from what I 've been told -RRB- . It can simultaneously pair with more than one item at a time . I know because I had one before , I just lost it . But this particular one I bought from Amazon.com was defective . Amazon quickly provided me with a label and RMA to return the defective item and my replacement headset is already on its way to me within just a few days . Remember to keep the boxes and packing materials until you know for certain an electronic item works . I am scrambling around to find the proper packing materials to send the headset safely back -LRB- it has to be returned within 30 days or I get charged for both -RRB- . I also paid extra to get Hot Pink -LRB- I am NOT hip , it just stands out more if I drop it -RRB- . I did have to wait a few extra weeks for them to fulfill this order so if you are in a hurry , you might want to choose a different color.A law in California takes effect July 1 , 2008 , prohibiting all drivers from using a handheld wireless telephone while operating a motor vehicle , but drivers 18 and over will be allowed to use a hands-free device to talk on their wireless telephone while driving . And you CAN use your speaker phone . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 I bought this to pair with my iPhone and it has been extremely easy to use . My one complaint is that -LRB- like others have said -RRB- it does n't fit my ear well , and it 's extremely hard to wear if you are wearing sunglasses.But it is so cute , and I make it work . I only wear it in the car , but I would imagine it 's a little difficult if you are trying to walk/run anywhere .
 This the first Bluetooth product I 've purchased , and I love it - sound is so clear , it 's like being in the same room with the person you 're talking to . The earpiece is a little uncomfortable , but I can live with that since I can hear people on my cell phone now ! This product was also very easy to set up with my cell phone too . What will they think of next ?
 Maybe it was the leather , perhaps it was the workmanship , or sturdy snap of the invisible magnetic latch , but this is the type of product that one is reluctant to set down after taking it out of the box . A superlative case which protects your phone while looking good . It has room for two sim chips , and I easily squeezed-in a few business cards , a convenient touch . It was a sad day when I dropped mine at the airport and some larcenous soul picked it up and absconded with it before I could reclaim it . Clearly an excellent buy in the $ 15 range , but overpriced at the SMRP of $ 40 .
 This is the best cell phone case I have even used . Excellent qualities and workmanship . If you use a very thick or wide waist belt , you may need to find other products since you just can not click it on .
 This cable does the job
 The cable that came with the treo would work intermittantly - causing me much grief and anguish on the days it did n't work . I have been able to sync my treo every time with this - it works well in all respects .
 I was very impressed with the price.The purchase was very smooth and I received my purchase in a matter of days . Thank you for the excellent service.Sincerely , Maureen J. Crust
 Shipping was quick and item arrived as expected . There was a small crack on it , but it still worked just fine . No complaints . Great seller .
 When my sister-in-law gave me her old Palm Treo 650 , she did n't include the cable for syncing it to the PC . Thank heavens Amazon was able to sell me one that works like a charm . Thanx
 After reading poor reviews about this -LRB- which I gave very little credence -RRB- I purchased this cable . Shipping did take a little longer than I had expected ... But I got it . It not only worked the very minute I pulled it out of the package , it still works . No intermittent issues here . It sounds more like a PEBCAK occurrence with the other users that have had issues.Thanks for the replacement !
 I ordered from accessory export , llc . I have a palm T/x and it works perfectly . I read that other people received the cord without a hotsyn button but mine came w / the botton and it was also delivered early ! I would suggest buying the sync cord from them . THANKS !! : -RRB-
 I did n't know when i order it it also has a place to charge while your syncing
 ... best of both worlds ... what can I say . Usually cords are obscenely-priced and this one was a great deal .
 I would order from them again . Product was shipped out quickly and no problems at all
 If I knew better , I would n't have bought it in the first place
 This cost way less than similar products and works just great .
 The power cord is shorter than the USB cord ... Wierd.The cradle works fine , but you can not use your existing power cord for the phone you HAVE to use the one they provide . It has about a 2.5 foot power cord and is a pain to plug in . It literally would not reach from my desktop to the floor powerstrip .
 The cradle is great . Charges while it it syncs with no power cable needed . Plus if your not plugged into usb you can use the ac power cord to charge your PDA . the only thing I did n't like is that it does n't have a spare battery charger . Great Item and definitely will purchase more for co-workers ,
 Got this as a repalcement for orignial charger . Performed as expected . Good buy .
 Fast shipment . Exactly what I wanted and needed . Very happy with the product the price was great . My local sprint store and Radio Shack wanted twice the price . I saved money , even with shipping it was still way cheaper then if I had purchased it from Sprint or Radio Shack . I will definetly use Amazon for my cell phone needs.Thanks
 I bought this because I originally needed a place to sit the phone while it charged on the kitchen counter . Having been spoiled with the cradles I 've used with other Palm and HP PDAs , I wanted to make sure this fit the bill.I took a chance and bought two - one for home , one for work . I must say , this was a fantastic deal . It holds the device securely and is made of a sturdy plastic . It 's only drawback is the plug that 's used to connect the phone to the base . It seems a little tight , and sometimes it feels as if I have to wrestle it in . This might be because of the overall design of the physical interface . It would have been nice to have a generic USB connection , but I think Verizon is married to a certain plug type.Overall , pretty good . I 'd buy it again .
 Easy to use , has all the features I need and then some . Good phone at good price . Have used for over 1 year with no prob .
 I ordered these holsters for my Nextel i836 . They seemed too cheap to be a good buy ... . but I ordered them anyway . They arrived in a couple days - and actually seemed stronger than the original !! I was -LRB- and am -RRB- very pleased !! A great product - that got to me in record-time !!
 One reviewer said the charger did n't work , but mine has worked fine and even travels with me through 4 plane flights a week , getting bumped around in my laptop bag . It is not made by Nokia , but a third party manufacturer .
 It 's slim size allows you to charge your phone without taking up 2 outlets .
 Item better than as described . Quick charge for an old model of Nokia cell phone . This item was hard to find elsewere .
 The price is amazing and the quality is perfect . I am totally satisfied with this charger .
 AND ONCE AGAIN , THIS WAS A REALLY GREAT VALUE . ARRIVED QUICKLY . VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCT . I WILL DEFINITELY BUY IT AGAIN . ALOHA FROM HAWAII .
 Would definitely order from again if needed . The product was new , cheap , shipping was fast , and it was exactly what I was looking for .
 What can I say other than it works ? :-RRB- It seems durable . Also , it arrived very quickly which was a huge plus .
 The headset is a good product , is practical and have an excellent price
 I switched from a Treo on Sprint to this Blackberry Pearl on T-Mobile and am happy with the phone and the service . The phone is * tiny * compared to the Treo and was a snap to set up . The battery life is fantastically long compared to the Treo . I went with the MyFavs plan , which has been great , allowing me to chat with my loved ones without watching the clock . Not to mention , I pay * much * less for a similar plan to the one I had on Sprint.I even got GTalk and Google maps easily setup on the Blackberry , with IMs coming into my central message box . That 's perfect for me because I use GTalk to stay in touch normally , and this way I 'm not tied to my computer . It also is a nice way to IM via the phone with out txt charges.Love it , love it , love it .
 This phone has a lot to offer that may phones of this size can not do , or just do n't do quite as well . Although some people did not have an excellent experience with this device , so far , I have had a great one.PROS : Form factor - Following the new trend of the thin Razr-esque style , this phone is in a durable easy to open and close casing with well spaced keys and a mostly finger-print resistant shell . Buttons clicks very easily and with the exception of the somewhat slim side buttons , the overall casing is excellent . People with large hands may have a little trouble with the music controls on the front , but the same menus can be accessed with the phone open.Interface - This phone is just plain fast . My last phone was the Motorola L7 Slvr , and that has some major lag to it . This phone is lightning quick . The text messaging speed , browser load up speed , and music player interface are almost immediate . This is by far the fastest phone that I 've come across , and very easy to navigate in . The only flaw is the split between the actual media center and mp3 player , but I adjusted fine , and really , I do n't use it that much that it makes that big of a difference.Screen - Excellent screen . Very bright , very vivid . Even when the screen dims itself , it is still easy to read , and the colors just pop . The external screen is decent at best , but usually the external screens are n't up to par on phones of this size . Text is sharp , and darks are really rich .3 G - For those that are n't familiar with exactly what 3G is , it is basically at type of internet access . It allows you to essential travel the internet at broadband speeds . While most webpages are pretty large to fit on this phone , and example of speed could be that MySpace took about 5 seconds to completely load . The AOL Instant Messanger -LRB- and other IMing apps -RRB- load pretty quickly ... it took about 10 seconds to completely sign on and load my buddy list . Instant Messages are lightning fast , and feel as if it were in real time.Camera - This is a MegaPixel camera . 1.3 to be exact . Although there are 2MP and now even 3MP cameras in phones of this size , the clarity in mid-range lighting is still really good . It is a little muddy in dark areas , and if there is too much light , it is over exposed , but for a camera that has no flash , I found the pictures to be relatively good . Also , the camera swivels for self portraits or snap shots . If your photos are upside down , there is a reverse photo option that 's easy to get to that just takes a second.Bluetooth - I would say an essential to phones these days . File transfers are quick . I have n't actually used a bluetooth headset on it , but it will accept all standard ones to my knowledge.MicroSD Card Slot - Although I think it can only accept a 1GB maximum at this point , it is still great to have , especially in an MP3 phone . I have heard speculation about a firmware update to get 2GB cards to read , but I ca n't confirm it . Make sure you ask your provider which brands will work , because not all MicroSD cards will work -LRB- all cell phones you should ask -RRB- . Multimedia - The MP3 player is pretty good . I found that music that came out of it to be pretty clear , and the interface , although it takes some getting used to , is pretty good . This phone is n't designed to be an MP3 phone , it just has that option , so do n't expect this to be above your expectation , but it still is very good.Call Quality - Very good . There was a nit pick I had about it , but that 's later on in the review.Battery Life - I find it to be pretty good . It lasts about 3-4 days with casual talking and texting . You could probably stretch it to a week if you are a rare cell phone user . The AC adapter securely locks into place , and there is a rubber covering to protect it when not charging.CONS : Talk Issue - My only issue with the call quality , is that when the person you are talking to gets very quiet , the phone does n't have anything that comes out of the speaker . Granted , I hate static , but at least I know my call did n't drop . I have yet to get a dropped call from this phone , but the sound dip kind of concerns me.Streaming - Streaming is only at 15FPS , so it 's not too exciting , but pretty cool.Radio - The radio is a great addition , but uses hellacious amounts of data , I recommend getting an unlimited data package if you use this.Awkward MicroSD location - It 's actually located behind that battery , so it 's almost faster to transfer wirelessly than going through the hastles of a card rearder -LRB- unless you buy the USB connection -RRB- . Media Package - I do n't know if I just got ripped off , but when I was at the Cingular store , I was required to purchase the Media Works package for the internet and such . Granted I was going to get it anyways , but for people that just want to get this phone off Amazon for free , it 's kinda iffy . I do n't know if Amazon requires you to get this deal , but I recommend it because data gets expensive . Plus with a camera and 3G , the features get addicting.BOTTOM LINE
 I recently upgraded my phone to an LG CU500 . I am very pleased . Here 's why : This is a very attractive phone . It looks similar to the RAZR , but it does not have the same wide body . -LRB- I do not care for the wide body of the RAZR , it makes it hard to fit in pockets . -RRB- I also like the slim body . It is slim enough , but it still feels sturdy . The phone is black with chrome around the external display and the external music controls . When you flip open the phone , you see a great , bold colored screen . You can customize BOTH screens with wallpapers and how you want to display the date and time.The reception is great . I can hear crisp and clear , and for those other phones that you 've had that just do n't get loud enough when you 're talking , the highest talk volume -LRB- 7 -RRB- on this phone is plenty loud enough , I have to keep it on 5 so I wo n't go deaf . I did n't think the reception would be so clear because of the internal antenna , but it is as clear as it could be.The buttons on the phone are raised above the surface , unlike many other slim phones , such as the RAZR , the KRZR , or some of Samsung 's slim phones . Under the external display are the music buttons . Which are Rewind/Back , Play/Pause , and Forward/Next . On the left side of the phone are two buttons , the rocker and the task button . If the phone is closed you can punch the task button and you can go to the MP3 player , take a photo , or record a video . If the phone is open and you hit the task button , you get the `` Task Menu '' which brings you to all the available tasks . -LRB- MEdia Net Home , Music Player , Games , Applications , Call , Write Message , Message Box , IM -RRB- The phone has a 1.3 mega pixel camera , which is capable of video too . It takes clear , crisp photos and can zoom . The camera lens can rotate 180 degrees to take a self portrait , or to take one of someone else . Each time you rotate the lens , the display is upside down , so you hit the rocker button to flip it right side up.If you hit the right soft key , the phone pulls up My Menu . This menu is extremely convenient . You make this menu , adding the items you want.I have not tried the MP3 player yet because you have to buy a separate USB cable that hooks up through the charger port of the phone . You can add memory to the CU500 with micro SD cards.The ringtones are loud and get attention . There are only a few that I really like , but the rest are OK . The ringtones are ascending , so it starts out average volume and increases to loud , and there is no option to change it , but it 's not a big problem for me.This phone is also 3G capable , which means it can get Cingular 's fastest internet speeds.I highly recommend that you get this phone . It is the best phone out right now . I do n't think they will come out with a phone better than the LG CU500 soon . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This phone is heavier than the razr , but is SOOO much better ... . reception is comparable to my old phone which did well everywhere ... sound is AWESOME ... I actually feel the vibration in my pocket so I get my calls on time now ... . the camera takes great pics and video . . bluetooth allows me to put every pic and video on my computer for storage ... has customizable menu for personalized `` favorites '' like interface ... I am SOOOO pleased ... CONS
 This is a great phone !! I got rid of my Razr and got the CU500 . It has everything . With the micro SD card I have tons of pictures that I can use as backgrounds , and tons of music . Tne look and feel of the phone is wonderful and the sound is great . It also automatically connects to my bluetooth as soon as I turn on my headset . No more trying to connect like with the Razr .
 I 've had this phone for a few weeks now and love it . It looks sharp -LRB- like a black RAZR -RRB- , but not many people have this . I got it because it was cheap and different . It has Cingular Video and high speed data -LRB- 3G , but only in certain large areas -RRB- . Good battery life and clarity . Loud speaker phone , blue tooth . Cool camera too , seems like a nice , durable phone.Cons : It does n't allow you to change to soft keys . The phone ring type ascends only , you can not change this . Seems like the voice of the person you are talking to also ascends slightly . The alarm does n't have volume controls , but I do n't use that anyway . There are a few minor user interface flaws , but overall a great phone . I would recommend it .
 I switched from the razor to the CU500 and I must say im pretty glad I did , well far as better options . Unlike other phones I had , it would be difficult to see when the sun is shinning unless you play with the screen controls . But when I got this phone I dont have that problem . ~ PROS ~ - Like I mentioned the screen is good even when the sun is shinning directly on you . You can still see the screen clear - The photo editor is GREAT ! . Same thing with the GIF maker - LOTS ! of options . I had this phone for about two weeks and I find new options everyday lol . Just like yesterday I found out you can take pictures of the video you 've recorded - Recording a video is a big plus . Record up to 14 minutes ~ CONS ~ - Im under pick your plan and using the MP3 player uses up data towards your bill . I never reliezed that untill I kept wondering why my minutes would be so low everyday . Unless you get unlimited usage best bet is to not use the MP3 player - Same goes for the radio . Uses lots of data . Same with mobilTV , and Cingular video - You cant assign text message tones . It has annoying text message tones . The only way to turn them off is to completly put the phone on vibrate - As everyone else said , the phone doesnt come with nothing but a charger . I brought the phone from the cingular store and the USB cable there was 24.99 . But on other sites I seen some for 8.99 ~ Summary ~ Its a good phone its just some things that LG should of took a second look at before releasing the phone . Because I text alot and those text message tones are annoying as hell lol . Especially the message that lets you know the text message was sent or even when you delete something . Plus its hard to constantly keeping your phone on vibrate when your at home . Thats just for the text message junkies . If you dont text or text that much you shouldnt have a problem with it .
 I think others may be having a problem with Cingular 's coverage or something , because mine works very well all over Austin and Dallas/Fort Worth . In fact , in three months it 's only dropped one call . That 's no exaggeration ; it occurred while going through a tunnel in Dallas -LRB- so I do n't think we can blame that on the phone -RRB- . I have another model phone for work that 's also on Cingular service , and it does n't compare . I 'm pretty impressed with the LG.Pros - sounds good for music or talking , has a durable finish , is easy to use , and is reliableCons - battery life -LRB- the indicator seems accurate , though , unlike some phones -RRB- , only has ascending ring tones , keypad will not light up when alarm clock goes off -LRB- hard to know if I hit snooze or `` end '' when I 'm waking up in the dark -RRB- I 've always had pretty terrible luck with mobile phones , and I could n't be happier with this one .
 This is a Great phone no matter what some of these people say ... one person says you ca n't assign ringtones to each person ? That my friends is incorrect !! I have already assigned each person in my phone book a different ring . One person says it has an asscending ring and they could n't hear the phone ring until after a few rings ? Not sure about that as when my phone rings I hear it immediately . One person says the swiveling camera moves too easily ? Why is that a problem anyway ? The camera lens is at the top of the phone out of the way , so no bother there . Then you have the person who says the speakerphone is n't loud ? Well I had to turn mine down as it does get very loud , if you want it loud ... but it is quite clear . LG is a great phone and this phone is packed with features . Life is good !
 I just upgraded to this phone after using an older LG model for 3 + years . Well , in 3 + years , phones have improved quite a bit . If you add in memory , you can store and transfer files . For me , that means transfering MP3s , which you can play with the built in music player . The phone also is Bluetooth enabled , allowing for wireless connection with other Bluetooth devices . Of course , I went out and bought a Bluetooth USB adapter and had it set up within an hour or so . There 's also a camera that swivels through 6 positions and has very good picture quality considering the tiny lens you 're working with.The downsides to the phone mainly involve all the add-ins you may or may not want to buy . A memory card is not included , nor is a data transfer cable . Standard headphones will require an adapter to connect with the 2.5 mm port . Bluetooth is also a relatively slow method to transfer files if you want to move 100 + MB in files . However , all of these are peripheral to the phone itself , so that really comes down to the guys selling the device , not the device itself . The one intrinsic element I do n't like is the music player . While it locates MP3 files easily , the phone does n't sync up with iTunes or WMP like a pure MP3 does . But this is relatively minor since it just means you pick out your files and transfer them manually.Battery life seems to be decent and I 've run my phone for several days under normal usage without requiring a recharge . I do n't put a particularly heavy load on my phone , though , so big talkers and texters may feel differently.Most of the negative reviews come down to people who either are n't smart enough to figure out how to work their phone or who blame provider issues like poor reception on the phone itself . You may have different preferences for what you want in a phone or are used to a different configuration of buttons . But if you can adjust to the interface and the soft keys -LRB- they 're really not that bad -RRB- , then you 'll be fine . This is definitely an amusing toy with the added benefit of being a good cell phone as well .
 I just bought the phone 3 days ago and i still have yet to charge up my battery besides for the first entire day ... I 've yet to have a problem with low reception . I live in central Jersey and have service inside a cement building which is unheard of . Overall i love the phone it would have been better if you could control the ringtones . I used to have a motorola and i could control all of the settings for that and this one your stuck with the way it is . Only good thing is you never miss a call because of how obnoxiously loud it gets . Overall though , i love it so far . No problems with the battery life or reception yet .
 pretty cool phone , having problems sending msgs sometimes due to lack of reception at my home , but definitely the nicest phone i have had . i like the reversible camera but cant get it to zoom , still need to buy the cable and memory card . battery dies within 2 days but im always either on the phone or texting , or on the internet , which is also very fast and works great . overall a nice phone for the money , even though i had to upgrade my data plan to get the special price .
 Ok , let 's get this straight . Just because a phone drops calls/won ' t dial successfully , does n't make it the phone 's fault . Cingular may claim that they have the least dropped calls but most of the problems occur when Cingular wo n't even let you dial out . Call QUALITY is based on the phone , not dropped calls.PROS ... The phone is aesthetically built , and looks very nice . I like the functions available to the user without even opening the phone -LRB- flip style -RRB- . I can access mp3s , video camera , and normal camera from the outer controls.I personally prefer the standard raised keys which the CU500 has over ones such as the flat RAZR buttons.Good quality for phone calls , and easy-to-use interface.CONS ... Nothing else is included when buying the phone except the charger . The USB data cable , microSD memory card , and headsets are all extra . Really stupid especially since the onboard memory is 16MB , pathetic when it features a 1.3 megapixel camera . * I 've had no problems with my microSD memory card , although others have . I 'd make sure to buy Sandisk memory , which LG endorses.Annoying ring notification when selecting settings and basically doing ANYTHING on this phone . I 'm going to search for a software/firmware update to solve this problem , hopefully LG addresses this .
 I recently picked up the LG CU500 from Cingular and I must say that it isnt that bad . * The MicroSD chip -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- is a great way to store up to 1GB worth of musicPROS * The sleek look is similar to the Razr but a little bulkier . The keypad has similar stainless steel look but buttone have black around them . * Lots of little features including MP3 player , Cingular video and other internet features . * Ear volume is loud and I love it . After years of listening to loud music I need earpieces that radiate conversations and this does just that.CONS * Cant move too many volume options including alarm volume and ascending ringtone * Message tones are limited and cheap . With the Razr , you could use any sound you wanted to . * The MicroSD chip takes way too long to load . * Ringtone length is limited , the Razr was not.Other than that this phone is great , if you can get a good deal with a new or existing plan , I recommend the LG CU500
 Bought this phone and I have had no problems . Camera is really good and you can even take pictures off your self because you can see it on the screen . The charging port has a cover so nothing can get inside there unlike the Motorola phone i used to have . I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great ! Works well with Bluetooth devices . You can use it as an internet connection for a laptop or anything that is Bluetooth capable . This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used . The only bad thing about the phone is the ringtones it came with . I just want a simple ring and it couldnt offer me that so I ended up recording the ring from my old Motorola and now I am satisfied . Battery life is pretty good depending how much you use it but I have noticed that if it has one bar left it will still go for 8 hours . Overall this phone is a great product from LG
 1 . The phone . The phone has good reception and good audio quality . The address book is user friendly and holds a lot of data . Although it is often over looked the purpose of a cell phone is to function as a phone ... and this phone is good in all respects . The phone as a jack for hand free capability and for wireless bluetooh capability .2 . The MP3 player . The phone only holds a 1 gig SD card , and I would suggest you use ScanDisc and not a rival company , and while that may seem limited by some I am satisfied . I am able to store almost 300 hundred songs . The player is easy to manipulate and has the ability to creat favorite lists in which you can arrange the songs .3 . The camera . If a person has the camera setting set to the highest resolution this camera takes beautiful pictures . You have to have the SD card if you take a lot of pictures because the sim card 's memory is too small to store a lot of pictures . The video feature takes poor video and will not play on most modern computer media players.The size of the phone is great . It 's large enough to reach from ear to mouth but slim enough to slip into your pocket with out leaving a bulge . This phone is older know but it is a 3G phone and still works great . I 'll keep mine until it dies .
 Purchased this exact battery in 12/06/09 for $ 21.99 and $ 2.99 shipping . It replaced the original OEM battery by LG which lasted from 12/03/06 to 11/09/09 . So original gave 3 years of performance , MYBAT gave 2 years . Currently , it needs charged every day and during use , lasts for about an hour with a fairly good signal . In a poor signal area ... 3 bars or less , fades very fast , even when not in use . However , for $ 4.50 -LRB- compared to my old price -RRB- , it is a very inexpensive backup and with the leaps in tecnology , maybe a battery and phone that lasts 2 year is about right . I 'm staying with the LG-CU500 because I want a phone that is light , but sturdy , easy to use without all the bells and whistles that I would n't use .
 I purchased this cover to protect my investment . It is a quality leather product that covers the entire phone -- even the keypad is protected . The keys are easy to press with the plastic over them , and the phone is well padded from those accidents such as dropping it or having other things scratch it in your brief case or purse . I am very impressed with the quality . It does add bulk to the phone -- it will loose some of the slimness , but I think that it is well worth it .
 I first posted a very negative review because I thought this product did n't work . Well , it does charge the phone , it just gives no visual feedback that it 's doing so . Every charger I 've ever seen , including this same product for Samsung phones , lights up the phone , shows a battery charge indicator , and says that it 's charging . This does n't do that . I thought I had two defective products , but finally in desperation left a phone plugged in overnight even though it showed no evidence of doing anything . Well , it DID charge the phone . So , I 've changed the review from 1 star to 4 . You just have to trust that it 's working.I do n't know how quickly it charges , but it does seem to work .
 DO N'T LET THE SIZE OF THIS ITEM FOOL YOU , ITS SMALL BUT POWERFUL . WHEN I FIRST RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT , I THOUGHT , WELL THIS IS SOMETHING I 'LL BE SENDING BACK . BUT , MUCH TO MY SUPRISE , IT WORKS GREAT . YOU JUST PLUG IT IN YOUR PHONE , CLIP IT TO YOUR SHIRT , AND INSERT THE EAR PIECE IN YOUR EAR AND YOUR HANDS FREE TALKING . YOU CAN HEAR VERY CLEAR AS WELL AS BE HEARD EXTREMELY CLEAR . I HAD LEFT A MESSAGE ON MY HOME PHONE WHILE USING THE HANDS FREE SYSTEM AND WHEN I GOT HOME AND HEARD HOW IT SOUNDED , I WAS PLEASANTLY SUPRISED THAT IT SOUNDED AS CLEAR AS IF YOU WERE TALKING ON A REGULAR PHONE . THIS PRODUCT IS A MUST FOR ANYONE WHO USES THEIR CELL PHONE AND DRIVES AT THE SAME TIME . IT ALLOWS YOU THE CONVINENCE OF CONDUCTING BUISNESS OR JUST CHATTING AND AT THE SAME TIME IT PUTS YOUR HANDS BACK WHERE THEY SHOULD BE WHILE DRIVING - ON THE STEERING WHEEL .
 I 've had this headset for about 1 month now . I use an Audiovox SMT 5600 Smartphone with it . Pairing took less than 1 minute , and it works everytime . The battery life is excellent , having to re-charge once per week , sinc eI use it only while driving.The sound quality is good , with no complaints from anyone during conversations .
 I am new to all of this Bluetooth stuff so I really was n't sure which one to try out first.I decided to buy 3 different headsets and return the ones I did not like.The first headset I tried was the Jabra BT350 . The sound was great if you retro fitted one of the Jabra gel earpieces on , but after an hour or so the ear gel was hurting my ear . It also did not fit around my ear very well . I kept feeling like the headset was going to fall off.The second headset I tried was the Motorola H500 . I hated this headset . It felt very loose on my ear and the sound quality was horrible.Lastly I tried the Motorola HS850 and love it . It fits my ear great and the sound quality is great . I have read a lot of reviews stating that the headset is not loud enough . I thought this too at first but once I turned the volume on the headset up , it was great.So far , this is the best headset that I have tried . I was going to try the Jabra XJ10 , but I ca n't see spending the money on it when the HS850 works just fine for me .
 I was very skeptical after reading many bad reviews about the 850 , but i still decided to purchase it . It was a little tricky getting my RAZR to recognize the device , but other than that it is great.I read many reviews that said the bass was low and you could not hear , but i beg to differ . The bass is perfect and it can get pretty loud so i have no complaints ... it was a great buy .
 I just received my motorola Hs850 on February 2 , 2007 and it works great with my Samsung SphA920 . The headset fits snug onto my ear and granted the volume is not a loud as what i would like it to be , But for the price i paid through amazon.com it is worth every penny , also all my friends at work will not stop asking me to hold it and get them one for that price ... Pdavie -LRB- Boston -RRB-
 Very lightweight and the voice clarity is amazing . I have it on 9 + hours a day and I have yet to have a problem with it . As one of the other reviewers had mentioned , it does feel like it will fall off at times but it has never done so . I had no problems with getting it to work with my Samsung phone . Consumer reports rated this product highly . The customer feedback helped to finalize my descision .
 This is a great product I had it for about 2 months already , This is a big difference from when I had the H500 . Battery Life is good . Only thing is , it does n't stay on my ear to well , had the same problem with the H500 ; a lot of time it feels like its gon na fall off , but other than that the sound quality is great .
 the company is good . product as specified , but shipping is a little pricy . With the low original price , the total with shipping is more than reasonable . would do business with again .
 I have used at least 3 blue tooth headset before buying this one . Its sleek , comfortable , and weightless . I can talk on it for at least 6-7 hrs continuously . I generally charge it after two days.Pros1 . Light Weight .2 . Easy to Use .3 . Good sound quality .4 . Easy to set up .5 . Descent Battery life .6 . Good Design.Cons1 . I do n't know if it happens with other phones , but with my Cingular 8125 , when i pick up call it takes at least 2 seconds to hear voice after receiving call from blue tooth .2 . SOMETIMES other person on the phone , ca n't hear properly , until you adjust it and speak a little loud.overall , its great bluetooth headset . Except for some minor exception , Great product to high .
 This HS850 headset , at the amazon price of $ 37 ? or so , is a great deal . It 's easy to use , retains charge for a long time , and does n't feel uncomfortable on my ear . The reception can break up with distance or sometimes even when in close proximity to the cell phone , which is dissapointing , but that does n't happen often enough to annoy me .
 The quality of this little bluetooth headset is great and the battery life is decent especially for its size , but I would n't recommend it because it does n't use the standard mini-USB charger , and I really do n't understand this because the older models do use the standard charger . When on the go I do n't want to bring yet another few chargers with me just for the headset . Mini-USB makes a lot of sense because I already have to have the cable for my laptop to connect up the external hard drives , so I can just use that , or I can use the blackberry charger to charge it in the car or outlet since I already have those chargers with me .
 The HS850 is the finest cell wireless head set that I have used . Sound quality is great . The only thing I can think of to improve is the fit on the ear . It feels like it will fall off but it does not .
 Bought this for my 14 year old son for Christmas to go with his LG Rumor , it works great ! He is able to talk on the phone and clean his room all at the same time !
 Works well . Works differently , Feels lighter and less `` rugged '' than the previous one I had which makes me wonder if it is counterfit . other than that , no problems .
 Well when it finally got here , -LRB- Ice Storm -RRB- I did exactly as the instructions said . I had just sent back a H500 -LRB- not from amazon -RRB- for nothing working right . This however is great , and with hands off -LRB- razr V3 -RRB- on , the phone will ring and answer auto , or you can just touch call button . What I like most is you can close the boom mic , for a day -LRB- saves battery -RRB- and open it and it will pair up instantly , no trouble . Well worth the money Amazon . .
 The only thing that I can add to the the reviews already posted here is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the ` bulk packaged ' bundles which include the headset and the charger.Positives : - No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I ca n't stand those and , apparently they are not good for you . - Quick charging . - Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry . - Easy to turn on/off , by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom . - Pretty good instructions.Negatives : - My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect . - Being as small as it is , perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included . - The charging interface is not a mini-USB but some weird , proprietary plug . - If there is a way to attach this to the left ear , I am not aware of it.At this time , my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present : -RRB-
 When i recieve this bluetooth . It was so easy to pair with my sidekick 2008 . Its lightweight and good clarity .
 This is a great buy . I shopped around and this is the best deal by far and the product works great
 This was a great deal , brand new , works excellent!Would mazon again !
 I use my headset with my Motorola V551 cell phone and it worksgreat . I have no problem hearing who I am talking to . It workson either ear and you can switch the volume to work for eitherear . No wires to catch on when doing other things is wonderful.If you are not careful when you put it in the pouch provided youcould push the multifuntion button by accident . I also purchasedthe Y charger adapter which makes it terrific to charge both thephone and headset at the same time .
 This headset is great . The only con I have found is that it needs one or two more volume settings on the LOUD side . It works well with my Blackberry and my Motorola V551.Wcoyote
 Well I am on my second HS850 - the first was a gift and the second I bought to replace the first one whose batteries I had exhausted . Well I ordered the black one from a vendor on Amazon -LRB- the order confirmation even said black -RRB- but when it arrived it was silver and I was pretty disappointed . To make this short the vendor never responded and Amazon did a good job of refunding me the cost and since the vendor did not respond I kept the item - well it is great , just like the first one . * No one can ever tell they are on a headset * I used the first one to death and it was so comfortable that I was more than willing to get a second one just wanted a new color to change it up * Not only does this pair effortlessly with my cell phone -LRB- s -RRB- but it works great with Skype and my home cordless phone system -LRB- Uniden ELBT - This is a great system that I do not think is made anymore but the handsets can be paired with a BT head set so you can cook dinner , do dishes , etc. and talk -RRB- * Well after the let down of not getting a black HS850 I wound up getting a H700 in royal blue - this one is signfigantly smaller than the 850 but the audio clarity is not quite as good -LRB- that is my only complaint -RRB- however I use this one solely with my cell -LRB- s -RRB- in a rather noisy car -LRB- sports cars are just that and far from a luxury liner -RRB- * In the house the H700 wins simply because it is smaller and easier to use/gague the battery status -LRB- has a led that changes color -RRB- - the sound quality is fine as long as I am not driving around . * Both are easy to pair with my cell , laptop/skype , and home phone system so no complaints there - the only quirk seems to lie in one of my cell phones - the BT needs to be reset -LRB- soft reset of phone -RRB- sometimes to make the BT connect ... * In the end I like the H700 for its smaller size and slightly easier use but in the end both are great products ; the HS850 tends to be a bit heavier on my ear after a while but the H700 is tighter so both rub or are weighty after awhile on the phone but other than that no complaints about either though I would probably go for the 700 next time I need a new one .
 I just got this bluetooth headset and have to say it is absolutely fantastic .1 . Most importantly , there is absolutely NO DIFFERENCE in sound quality between this and a wired headset . It is simply unnoticable to my callers . I can walk around in my home without trouble .2 . It feels so light and comfortable on the ear that I forget I have it on . This is key as taking it off and putting it on all the time was n't an option . It had to feel good on my ear for hours at a time .3 . It found my Motorola RAZR cell phone very quickly . Setup was a breeze .4 . This little device can do call waiting , voice commands , etc. , and opening the boom mic answers the call.Battery life is good , 8 hours of talk and 200 hours standby!It 's the first over the ear earpiece that I actually like . Comfortable and lightweight.Bottom line , do n't waste money on inferior headsets -- you 'll end up regretting it . So far , this is the best , although Moto has just announced an even higher-end headset , although I do n't think it 's been released yet.UPDATE on 8-13-05 -- Still the best headset I 've tried . Only problem -- I 'm on my 3rd one ! But it 's my fault - I 've lost and dropped the first two ... But I 'll keep buying this headset unless something dramatically better comes out . Oh , I guess the blue-flashing light when you 're connected does n't make a whole lot of sense as you ca n't see it -LRB- it 's on your ear -RRB- . Wish there were an option to shut that off ...
 I 've had this product for a few days now and used it quite a bit around the house and while driving . Here are my thoughts :1 . Comfort -LRB- 5/5 -RRB-
 I 'm one of those loonies who worries about my phone trying to kill me with it 's radiation , so I bought this to reduce my exposure to it . Bluetooths produce about 10 % of the radiation that cell phones do.The sound is great , no complaints on that end.however , I do have conversations with loud people . . And when the person on the other end raises their voice -LRB- like screaming or laughing a little too loud -RRB- they do hear their own voices.EASILY fixed with the volume control right on the earpiece.Portable and discreet , I keep my phone in my backpack 's side pocket and the earpiece in my jeans pocket . When I hear the phone ring I open the earpiece and tada!The range on this thing also shocked me . I could easily walk around my room and do all kinds of chores while I spoke on the phone , leaving my phone in the opposite corner of the room charging.At first it does feel like the earpiece is going to fall off , but after a while you 'll get used to it and realize that this bad boy is n't going anywhere.Not perfect , but definitely worth the money I paid for it.Only two cons I noticed are : The echoing when the person on the other end gets too loud.And I would would have preferred of the boom opened in a circular motion as opposed to flipping open . This way you could keep the earpiece on your ear at all times with the boom closed , and when a call came in you just opened it right on your ear . Since it flips open , you have to flip it open and put it on your ear once it 's open . It has about a 2-3 second delay on answering the call to give you time to get it on . It will then beep once -LRB- in your ear -RRB- and connect the call.I have a Motorola Razr V3 and it was a synch to sync it up . The instructions on how to link up with bluetooth devices is included with your purchase .
 I have purchased both the Smoke HS850 and the Black HS850 . The smoke version had an echo giving the effect of being down a hallway , with pops on high pitched sounds . I expected the black version to be similar . The price difference and ability to prevent hitting the button by closing the headset made it worth the sound issues . When this product arrived I was amazed to see that it was nothing like it 's smoke-colored version . The clarity was great on both ends , with no pops or echos . This is not the US version , as shown by the included european adapters , but it definately should be . The bass does become a bit jumbled at full volume , but not enough to make the conversation unclear .
 I am using the HS850 with a 7250 Blackberry . This is my first bluetooth device . Excellent comfort , clarity , compatibility with the 7250 , and overall usability . On the negative side users on the other end of wireless calls have complained of hearing an annoying echo after they speak -LRB- I tried replacing the unit and had the same problem -RRB- . The echo seems to go away if I reduce the volume a bit , but then I ca n't hear as well . It would rate a strong 5 stars if no echo at max volume and volume were a bit louder .
 One of the first high quality Bluetooths made - still one of the best , IMHO
 This product worked better than I expected and was incredibly cheap for the value .
 I 've had this bluetooth before and never had problems with it . I chose to get it again because I know it fits well and works great .
 It works just fine . The head set is extremely light but also a bit large and therefore feels cheap and like it will fall off your head any minute . I 'm concerned about it 's longevity and practical functionality . Light can be great but not if the thing is flapping against your head . I 'm a much bigger fan of the H700 series or better yet the H710 . Much better device but you 'll pay more for it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband , and I have to say we are both very impressed . No echo , great charge life . 99 % of the time when he calls me using the blue tooth I can not even tell it is on . Sounds very crisp and clear .
 I 've had this thing for a few months and almost love it to death . The voice quality is good , people hear me very well . It is light , great battery life , and overall a good headset.I have a BlackBerry and never got much from voice dialing , until I got this headset . Dialing numerically or by name works great . Getting the status on your battery , coverage , etc was spotty , but considering it did n't work at all on the previous headset says a lot.The things that detract from it getting 5 stars are the reversible ear lobe gadget can come off if you are not careful . My dog almost had a crunchy treat as it fell off onto the floor a few times . Also , due to the ear lobe gadget , the piece does n't fit snugly against my ear . That causes me to have to hold it close by hand sometimes with a lot of ambient noises around . Although the other party could hear me fairly well.The only indicator that the juice is low is degrading call quality . I wish there was an indicator light for that . Although charging goes by pretty quick .
 Good buy for the price paid . I purchased one for each of my children and they like them . They both complained about the fit but sound quality is very good .
 I 've had this headset for several years . I had echo problems when I used it with my LG 8100 so I stopped using it , but then I got an iPhone and decided to give it a try . It paired right away , sounded great , and was a joy to use . Recently , it had an inadvertent encounter with the washing machine . I let it sit out a couple of days to dry , gave it a full charge , and then attempted a phone call . Much to my surprise it still works perfectly . Highly recommended to iPhone users who do n't check their pockets before doing the laundry !
 This is the first bluetooth headset that I have ever purchased and I am happy with the build quality and performance . Highly recommend .
 I could n't wait to get my new bluetooth . Took about a week for it to come . New packaging , and everything looked great . I love how it looks , so sweet . It feels like I do n't even have it on my ear . But I hear some static and my caller says the sound is n't very loud even though I have it on the loudest setting . I am using it with my lg VX9900 . But for the money I paid for it was okay . My other bluetooth headset was the Logitech Mobile Freedom . Not as loud as the other one but definetly more appealing .
 This headset lasted for quite a long time before crapping out on me and I 've have to say it was probably more my fault .
 I have had several of these , and would not buy anything else . It suits me perfectly and I have n't seen another one like it.First , I prefer a earpiece that does not go into the ear canal . This one does not . Maybe you 'd get better sound if the thing went right into the ear , but it would be terribly annoying for me . One down side is that the little gasket that surrounds the speaker tends to deteriorate or separate from the main body of the device . A little superglue works to hold it.Second , I like an earpiece with a loop for hanging it . I do n't leave this in my ear because any earpiece will bother me after a while . I hang it on a sort of necklace -LRB- like what some people use for reading glasses -RRB- and pop it onto my ear when I need to use it.Third , you do n't use up the battery as fast because the battery is on only when the mic boom is swung out . Swinging the mic out answers the phone and by the time I then pop it in my ear , I say hello and - Bob 's your uncle - there 's your call . If it is already in my ear , then touching the button answers it . My phone has voice commands and this makes full use of it . I put it into my ear , hit the button , and the phone says `` please say a command '' ... I can hit button and read a number off a vehicle or a sign . I have used this to report unsafe drivers!All in all , I do n't care how it looks -LRB- and I think it 's fine - humans do look pretty stupid having anything hanging out of our ears -RRB- . It 's all about function for me , and thing thing suits me reliably and effectively . Once is a while someone says I sound echo-y but that is fairly rare .
 Bottom-Line
 I love my bluetooth ! I use it all the time . It never really dies until yu really need it though . I like how I got a black one and all you can buy in the stores a blue one . Perfect for hands free .
 This is great to have when driving . It shipped within 4 days of order . I am very pleased with the product
 Product works very well . Lightweight . Easy to get started and easy to use . Moderately comfortable with a decent fit over either ear . Sound quality at both ends is very good . Great for handsfree use while driving . Attractive and high quality leather case came with it , but while wearing it on my belt , the device pops out of it when I bend over or any pressure is put on the bottom of it . Overall , I think this Bluetooth device is terrific .
 THIS IS AN AWESOME PRODUCT , THE MOST POPULAR BLUETOOTH HEADSET ON THE MARKET TODAY !
 THE SCRENE PROTECTOR IS CUT TO FIT , THATS NOT AS EASY AS ONE WOULD THINK , WITH OUT IT LOOKING TACKY , NEEDLESS TO SAY I 'M NOT USING THE PROTECTOR . NOW THE PHONE CRADLE FITS AWESOME , AND WORKS GREAT UNTIL YOU GET INTO YOUR CAR WITH IT ON YOUR HIP AND HAVE IT FALL APART , NOT THAT EASY TO REASSEMBLE BUT CAN BE DONE WITH PLIERS , AND APOXY , WORKS FINE NOW .
 It IS like writing with a mini-marshmallow on a stick , but it works well for my primary uses . I use it for having customers sign on my iPhone with my Intuit GoPayment credit card solution , and on my iPad with an art painting program called ArtRage . It 's a lot like actual painting or drawing . I do n't understand why nobody has a good stylus with a small point ... but this will do for now .
 I find this stylus easier to use than the one that comes with the Note . It is a little longer , a little thicker , has a small rubber pad on the tip as well as a clip for fastening inside a shirt picket . It is easier to hold and use that the smaller stylus that comes with the note . Also it easily activates the four choices below the touch screen which the original Samsung stylus does not do easily.It has a short lanyard with a rubber tip that fits in the ear bud opening at the top of the note . This helps keep the stylus with the Note . Nice .
 My fingers do n't seem to work very well on my new IPad.I was unable to insert letters or put in messages quickly . This solved the problem ! I can now use the IPad with less frustration .
 It 's a decent case for what it is . I picked it up on sale for $ 7 just as some insurance against scratches from sliding across different surfaces.Will it protect my phone in a fall ? Probably not . Insurance will though.Back to the product , I received the black version and the white line around the phone , ports and buttons is high contrast . Could have gone with a gray maybe ? I like the look though.Around the front of case surrounding the screen , there is a polished edge that is similar to the bezel on the white iPhone 5 . Looks good , without being too flashy or distracting.Will report back later if I have any issues with this case .
 I own a Zip-Linq cable for my Palm Tungsten T , and it 's great . When I bought a Sony-Ericsson T610 , I immediately ordered this Zip-Linq cable . However , the T610 is not supported by this cable . -LRB- As of Dec-03 , Keyspan does not offer a cable for the T610 -RRB- . Unfortunately , Amazon does n't list the models this cable does support , and I was n't diligent about checking Keyspan 's site first -LRB- kids , never assume something when it comes to cellular phone connectors ! -RRB- . As a public service , here 's the list of supported phones , taken from the Zip-Linq package
 I took one look at this faceplate and I wanted it imediately . The colors blend together so well and are eye catching . This is definately a faceplate I would love to have .
 Whenever I travel -LRB- and will be in a car -RRB- I find this to be much more practical than taking my conventional charger . It is lightweight and has saved me many times when my battery goes in the middle of a conversation -LRB- e.g. when getting directions -RRB- . I noticed that there are now colored car chargers which I would consider as it is easy to overlook a black cord when leaving a rental car -LRB- especially at night -RRB- . But what makes this charger especially valuable is the rapid charge feature ; you pay a bit more for the freedom it affords -- just be careful not to leave it behind !
 Express yourself ! This product allows you to do just that . Whether you want to coordinate with your favorite shirt or just want it to stand out as it hangs from your belt , there is no easier way than to use these Xpress-on faceplate covers . The installation was so easy , my five year old son is able to perform this task with no problems . The faceplate does not deter from the functionality of the phone because it is an original Nokia accessory . Another advantage is the option of mixing and matching fronts with backs for different looks . With this simple change , you are able to not only change the look and personlity of your phone , but also use it as a head turner and attention grabber . The positive feedback I have received has made it absolutely fun and worthwhile .
 Comes in two parts
 I love this cover . It 's not a flat white - there is almost a metallic finish . The price was right , changing out my old one was easy and because it is white , I can find it quickly in my purse . I am definitely pleased with this purchase .
 i bought it cuz it looks like the storm troopers from star wars ...
 this is a really cool color that i got with my 3390 and it goes really good with the cover i got on -LSB- amazon.com -RSB- also !!! ... the best ever !!!!!!
 I have had this model for a year now and it is very much the `` portable '' cellphone holder I wanted ... I trade cars every 4,500 miles and wanted something less permanent but suitably stable for alot of voicemail number punching , etc. . . I use the Jabra handsfree set and it is an ideal combo ... I ordered one for my wife and work associate as well after they saw how well mine works .
 I use mine everyday and it 's wonderful . The phone is always right at your fingertips . Works great if you have a speakerphone option .
 I like to charge my cell phone on the nightstand every night . However , the little wire kept falling off into the crevice under the bed ... very annoying . This handy little stand allows you to simply dock the phone into place . Your charger cable goes into the back of the stand , the phone sits snugly on top.No more searching for the cable , then fumbling for that little hole in the bottom of the phone . Our cordless phones have always had drop-in-dock charging -- it 's about time our wireless phones did , too.I do have two minor issues with the product . First , there is no spare battery port . It seems fewer and fewer people have a second battery , so this is probably not a big deal . Secondly , it only will not work with any sort of leather , vinyl , or neoprene case . Because the stand is designed to fit precisely with the phone , external add-on cases will prevent the phone from seating in the cradle . Custom Express-on covers , however , all seem to fit just fine -- this goes for Nokia Express-On shells , as well as most generic third-party skins . Think twice about getting this product if your protective case is hard to take on or off your phone . I own the Body Glove Prism case -LRB- a fine way to show off your phone -RRB- , and it 's not too difficult to take the phone out before charging . However , this minor inconvenience earns this otherwise fine product a four star rating instead of five.Bottom line -- unless you 're in love with your leather case and never want to take your phone out of it , make your wireless phone as convenient to charge as your cordless phone . Buy the desktop charging stand today .
 THE NOKIA 3390 CHARGING STAND IS LIGHT WEIGHT & EASY TO CARRY AROUND IN YOUR POCKETBOOK . IT ALSO LOOKS NICE ON MY DESK -LRB- SMILE -RRB-
 I bought the Nokia Desktop Charging Stand -- in spite of a negative review ! -- and I liked it so much that I got one for my husband ! Granted , we do n't have leather cases on our phone -- but the charging stand makes charging -LRB- and finding ! -RRB- our 3360 's much , much easier . Bottom line ? No , you do n't * need * to buy this -- but if you want to create a `` home '' for your phone while re-charging its batteries , this is the way to go !
 This is a very cute faceplate ! The color are quite reminiscent of `` Cubic Scoops '' ice cream -LRB- does anyone remember that ? Orange sherbet and vanilla ice cream ! -RRB- . This style is great for the summer months and tropical vacations , or for a pick-me-up during the dreary winter months . It 's not particularly versatile with the average wardrobe -LRB- especially for males ! -RRB- , but it 's nice to have a funky faceplate !
 I just received it yesterday , and I charged it to full capacity then . It has n't gone down at all yet , and I 've been using it a lot today . My original battery would 've been halfway down by now . So , it works really well . I highly recommend it .
 Exceptional savings and service with 75 % savings , including postage . Local merchants would have had to `` special order '' .
 Nokia BLC-2 Standard Batterylow price is the best buy if you check shipping charges to make sure that you get a better shipping charge for ordering more than one -LRB- if you like the phone , or have a friend with the same model , order in quantity because aftermarket replacements will cost way more when the original oems are all gone .
 I received the batteries very fast and without any hassles . The only complaint I have is that the new batteries lose their charge much quicker than the original factory batteries .
 This was the first time I used your service but it wou n't be the last . I had a really hard time finding what I was looking for until I dialed up your site and there it was . I was also impressed with the price , about 30 % less expensive than everything else I could find . It arrived in two days and was exactly what I wanted , Thanks Amazon . com.Thanks Don
 I can now talk on my phone for 5 hours with out charging . Just like I used to when the phone was NEW . The delivery was very fast 2
 After four years , my Nokia cell phone would not hold a charge for very long . I decided it needed a new battery and ordered it through Amazon.This battery works perfectly and now holds a charge for about a week.Wal-mart carried this battery but it cost close to $ 15.00 . I saved a considerable amount of $ $ -LRB- incl.shipping -RRB- by ordering it through Amazon . The product arrived in 5 days from my order date . I 'm very pleased with the product and with Amazon .
 Got the merchandise as advertised with no hassle , low pricing etc. . Who could ask for more ?
 Item was shipped promptly and works super.Battery was expertly packaged to prevent damage during transit.Look forward to buying from this seller again . 5 Stars !
 GREAT SERVICE , GREAT PRODUCT . MY PHONE IS AS GOOD AS NEW!GREAT PRICE -- LOOKED LOCALLY AND SHOPS THAT HAD THEM WERE PRICE GOUGERS UP TO $ 50 !!!
 I ordered a battery for my wife 's Nokia cell phone . The order came through promptly , correctly and at a reasonable price.Extremely pleased with this provider .
 I was amazed at how easy it was to switch this faceplate on my Nokia 5190 . I thought I was going to find it very hard to change them , but it 's so obvious how to do it , I found that I had changed it very successfully in less than two minutes after I made my first effort . -LRB- And I was so afraid I would screw up the keypad , or something inside . Not at all . -RRB- This faceplate is truly VERY pretty . Glossy , not matte . A large red rose is the background , and the continuing words `` A Rose Is A Rose ... '' in gold print-lettering covers the entire faceplate . Now that it has been on my phone for a few days , I 'm happier than I thought I would be when I ordered it . It 's actually better than I expected , which is a rare thing . -LRB- And , yes , I did see an enlarged photo of it online before I purchased it , and I still was n't sure . But I am now . Very happily . -RRB-
 These faceplates DO NOT include the keypad even though it says so on the description . The keypad which originally came with my 5165 does not fit this faceplate and you may have to go to your local store and pay $ 5.00 for one . Otherwise , my favorite faceplate !
 This is a very decent case for the Nokia 3390 . I just bought a 3390 and I needed an accessory to keep my phone on my belt rather than putting it inside my pocket using up valuable space . The feel of the phone is better , considering that you have more grip , resulting in less drops . Unless if you have a cradle , recharging the phone is a snap because you do n't have to take the phone out of the case everytime .
 I can find my blackberry in my purse now . The orange really makes it easy to find .
 I love everything about this pack and it 's cheaper here on Amazon than anywhere else I could find it .
 You will not regret spending a little bit more to get genuine Nokia quality . They work and they last . Niiiiiiiiice .
 It took the `` Standard '' Nokia battery charger that came with my Model 5190 phone approximately five hours to charge the brand new battery that came inside the box with it and my new Nokia 5190 cell phone , but it took this `` Nokia RAPID Travel Charger '' only about two hours to FULLY charge the same battery . WOW !! And this Rapid Travel charger automatically stops charging when the battery is full , the Standard Nokia charger does n't -LRB- it keeps charging until YOU unplug it , which means your battery can overload if you forget to unplug your standard charger -RRB- . I really should give this item five stars , but I do n't want to discourage Nokia from making a charger that does the job even faster than this one -LRB- like reaching a full charge in fifteen minutes ? Oh well , something to hope for ... -RRB- . It really is quite a wonderful item . I 'm VERY happy with my new `` Nokia Rapid Travel Charger '' ... For Nokia-brand batteries , it 's GREAT . For other brands of cell-phone batteries , BE CAREFUL that it can charge them . Overall , an EXCELLENT battery charger ...
 This charger is pretty great for what it does , charging my cellphone battery . I can only compare this with the original charger that came with my previous Nokia cellphone . I still have that one , but it 's in the box now , which is in the closet . I have been able to charge my phone from the point where it was dropping signals and beeping at me to the where my phone had four clicks above the battery , in one hour ! That 's pretty good if you ask me . Plus if you are looking for an alternative or an extra , the rapid charger actually costs less than the standard charger.The charger does come in two pieces , wire and the wall plug assembly . Assembly is easy , just make sure if one end of the wire does n't fit , try the other end !
 When I bought my Nokia 5120 , it came with a bulky charger that took a long time to charge my cellular 's battery.I bought this charger , and I 'm very satisfied : - It charges my phone quickly . This is important to me as I use 3,000 mAH batteries , which take forever to charge with the regular charger . - Works with both the 220V electrical network in Israel and the 110V electrical network in the U.S. -LRB- I just needed an adapter between round legs and an american socket I bought for $ 2 in radio shack , no voltage converter needed -RRB- . - It 's slim and light . - I 'm using it for over a year and never had any problems with it.Bottom line , it does it 's job well and is well worth it 's price .
 When you do n't have much time and got ta get it charged in a hurry , you will be glad you have this ! Cuts the charing time significantly ! And i hope the new nokie phones keep using this plug so it will last a long time . It seems to fit a lot of phones . I love nokia !
 This a great phone , and makes using it so very easy . Everything about it is easy . Programing it is so simple and makes number retreival so very , very easy . Great phone for everyone !!
 Much much easier to use then all other covers and the color is finally sharp and refined .
 This faceplate is the perfact accessory for this phone . I have this on my phone . these are the highest quality faceplates that you can get for this phone and they are also the best looking out available on the market today .
 I have had the vent and belt clip from Superior for several years without any problems . It has never broken and holds the cell phone without any concerns . Both will also hold a somewhat heavier PDA , again with no problems . A very simple design that works .
 You can not go wrong buying a Nokia brand faceplate . They are the best quality in the market , and the colors are great .
 This faceplate fits the 3390 phone perfectly , is a great shade of red , and contrsts nicely with the white band . If you 're considering buying this one , you definately should .
 This is the same charger that comes with most of the Motorola phone packages , StarTAC , TimePort , whatever . The blades on the AC adapter fold away to prevent damage to whatever you 're packing it with and the flat design is very compact . Unlike some chargers , you can actually use the phone while it 's charging .
 I 've own quite a few mobile phones and for the most part all I can say is that OEM parts just work better . I 've had to order a couple of these with desktop chargers , and the OEM versions of both just seem to be better . My 2 cents .
 It 's a car charger , nothing more , nothing less , it works fine , although I have n't had to use it since the Jabra Bluetooth headset works fine on it 's own charge , but just to keep in the car for ememrgencies
 It charges my headset every day . It has never given me a problem . It 's reliable and worth the money .
 This charger works great on my BT250v . Now I do n't have to charge in the house .
 I always try to buy OEM replacement parts . They are usually superior to knock-offs in terms of build quality and design . This is an OEM battery and it lasts much longer than the generic ones . It arrived as advertised , I 'd buy from them again .
 This battery worked for my old cell phone . Went to a Radio Shack and they did not have one , they said to try another store . But the price they quoted me was a lot more than what I paid here .
 The battery works just fine so far . Only time will tell if it 's a great battery .
 This battery does not work with all models of Motorola StarTAC cellular phones . My specific experience is with the ST7867 StarTAC phone , contrary to what is listed when you click the `` Compatible Phones '' hyperlink . There may be other models that do not take this battery . There are four pin-type contacts on the side of the battery that lies against the body of the phone . If your StarTAC does not have four corresponding contacts in a row on the back of the phone , this auxilliary battery does not go with your StarTAC model .
 I love the dual battery concept . If you need the power stick it on , otherwise leave it off . It gives me so much more functionality than just having one battery . I can have this on me all day , and then take it off for a dinner date at night so my phone fits invisibly in my pocket . It gives you at least twice the power as the normal battery alone . I can go on a two day trip without my charger with this battery . It is not heavy at all , but it does bulk up the phone some . I still wear it on my belt without noticing it though . I highly recomend this if you need the power .
 I only turn on my Star Tac when making outgoing calls , and use a separate pager for incoming messages . If you do that , you only need to charge both the batteries -LRB- the standard and this one -RRB- about once every two or three months -LRB- depending on your time in use -RRB- . Definitely buy this battery ! You can take it off at will if you want a slimmer phone for certain occasions .
 Works well . LIke it can be separated.AND NOW , TO FULFILL YOUR &#34; MORE WORDS REQUIRED &#34; BEFORE I CAN SUBMIT THIS ,
 Personally , it has been a great help to me i 'm on the run leave the phone on alot and the battery gives me the extra time to talk away ... and it 's lightweight makes the ideal external batt . to clip on . it 's so silm that it dose n't look like an extra battery is attached to the phone . This product is helpful for all persons that are on the move and always have thier phone on .
 I love this charger . It takes up next to no room in a suitcase , so I do n't hesitate to take it with me when I travel . It charges the battery in half the time -LRB- or less -RRB- that the directions say it will . And the charge lasts just as long as with larger more expensive models . This charger is great and it is the only one I plan to own .
 I got this charger when i got my phone and it says that it will take about 4 hours to get to full charge . Well they lie because it only takes 2 hours for mine to get full -LRB- and of course I let it charge another 2 hours extra for the maintanince chare ... it 's in the instructions . -RRB- I 'm not even going to bother getting the better one because this one works just fine !!!!!!!
 this is the best charger out there!simply amazing !
 This charger is wonderful . It fully charges my phone in a matter of just a few hours and saves me time when I 'm on the run and in a hurry . I mean imagine there I am in the mall shopping for the Yanni cd or choosing whether to get the blue Cashmere or the red , or in the restaurant deciding on a Scotch or a chardonnay and I 'm all lone with no one to talk to on my phone . I can not have people think I have no friends . I mean I 'm no loser . -LRB- Someone must be the class warrior -RRB-
 Pardon the pun , but this gizmo works really well . You plug it into an outlet , and into your Nokia phone , and you 're set . Long before Prime Time television is over this evening , you 're all charged-up and ready for another hundred minutes of talking.I got mine with the CGL-2 Compact Desktop Charging Stand and keep one at work and one at home . Lightweight , yet very rugged construction . And the power unit itself is small enough that you do n't have to worry about someone kicking it out of the power strip or wall socket , the way you do with some of the PDA power units.I 'm really happy with mine . Just please remember to hang up and drive ! : -RRB-
 The Nokia 252C cell phone owner 's manual says that the ACP-7U can take up to 5 hours to charge a BMH-3 Extended NiMH battery . My experience is that the battery is fully charged in two hours . The ACP-7U is really convenient -- lightweight and not too large to put in my brief case . I especially like the long cord that allows me to plug it in and still use the phone while it 's charging .
 I forgot my charger out of town and ordered this one from Amazon . It was a life saver , and my cell phone was was charged in no time . Great , inexpensive item . Thank you Amazon !
 we lost the charge of an old cell phone and bought this one from Amazon . it works perfectly well and has good price
 Cat chewed thru one that came with the phone . Ordered one on Amazon , it worked perfectly . Cat chewed thru one bought on Amazon . Bought another one on Amazon , charger works perfectly . Phone now gets charged in bathroom with door closed .
 This item arrived in a timely manor and it actually works and is an Original Nokia charger . The price was also fantastic !
 I 'm so glad you had this charger ! My cell phone is very old and I lost the charger . I went directly to Amazon and found the one I needed . I was using it in less than a week ! Thank You !
 This product performs as advertized
 Very cheap , but does exactly what it 's supposed to do . I have not traveled with it yet , but it feels very durable to me .
 I got this after I destroyed my charger with a vacuum cleaner . It 's $ 0.50 , it does its job . Great . -LRB- Unfortunately , shipping was about $ 5 ... : -RRB-
 What can one say about a cell phone battery ? I 've been using the Samsung 1000 mAh Lithium-Ion Slim Extended Battery for about 3 months and ; it works , which is clearly the most important thing.I have never had any problems whatsoever with the functionality of this battery - in fact , I feel as if I have talked on it at great length -LRB- possibly longer than the rated talk time -RRB- and have only been cut off a few times.It would be nice if it gave you a bit more of a warning before cutting out entirely because once its runs out , you ca n't make a 2 second phone call to save your life.My biggest complaint about this battery so far would be that despite its billing as `` slim '' , it does add considerable bulk to the Samsung 8500 phone . Because it is a bit blocky and square it makes the phone seem larger than it is when slipped into a pocket -LRB- moreso a pants pocket than jacket or shirt -RRB- . Since I 've only been using it for 3 months , I ca n't say much about the overall lifespan of the battery , but at the fairly hefty price that it goes for , I sure hope it lasts a while ...
 If your phone is n't on , it is n't doing you any good . I 'm in Denver on verizon -LCB- cdma -RCB- . This battery is rated @ 170 hours standby , but we only get around 100 hours in the Denver area . Still , if I 'm fully charged on Monday , I can make it to Friday PM . I had a star tac and it would only standby for 48 hours so I 've doubled my standby time . There is a larger battery for $ 100 however this battery was standard with the audiovox 9000 , and by buying a spare battery , I am always in touch -LCB- even on the golf course for 5 hours -RCB- .
 This is a great battery for the price . The quality is there , and that is everything . I alternate between this and my original equipment battery . I also am satisfied enough with the talk and standby time to choose this over the Extended battery ...
 This is a great accessary for your Timeport phone . The talk and standby times are close to the bulkier standard battery but the size makes it much more comfortable while carring the phone around . I personally do not like using the belt clip , so this battery makes it a lot easier to carry in my pocket . I highly recommend it to anyone wishing to purchase a second battery .
 I ordered mine in February , and was sent a genuine Motorola 500mAh battery . Fantastic and light - well worth the buy !
 Just wanted to point out that this battery is an OEM Motorola battery . That means that the battery is made by motorola , but the packaging , instructions , etc. are provided by someone else ... in this case , Cell Star . Otherwise I agree w / the previous reviewer 's remarks .
 I have a StarTAC ST7797 and am a `` road-warrior '' . The battery that came with my phone was adequate . Note the word adequate . I had to constantly keep the StarTAC on charge because of my heavy usage . This battery is an excellent back-up and it is definitely stylish . Great for business and personal use ! It fits better with my Neoprene Body Glove ; another great indispensible product . I highly recommend this to everyone ; I have not had any flaws with this baby . Motorola , delivers again .
 . If you have a StarTAC then you have this battery already . My cell-phone calling plan includes 3000 minutes of Nights and Weekends with free Long Distance . So I use it in the evenings to call my long distance friends . I have now come to depend on this phone for most of my calling.I think the StarTAC is a near perfect phone . My only regret is that it does not support two way messaging -- it can receive text messages but not send them.The good thing is the batteries seem to have been standardized and fit a variety of StarTAC phones . So if you invest in a lot of batteries , chances are good you can reuse them if you upgrade the phone later . At least you can sell them to someone who can use them and recoup some of your expenses.There is a car adapter , which can plug into a cigarette lighter adapter . I decided I had to have the desktop charger , and then given the choice of more batteries or a cigarette adapter , I chose to buy extra batteries.I especially like the slim battery , which goes for about $ 30 . This makes the phone about double the size of a numeric pager . Now that is pocket sized ! I slip it in my pocket when I dress up and use the belt holster for every day use.I find the bigger battery adds enough bulk to the phone that I do n't find it comfortable in my pocket , and always use the belt holster with the larger battery . This battery is the largest the belt holster will hold.Although the standby time supposedly will last a week , talk time drains it such that I need to recharge almost daily.So the truth is you need at least two of these extra capacity batteries , maybe more , if you use this phone as your primary phone . There is an even bigger battery for the StarTAC made by another vendor , but this will not fit in the included holster for the phone so I never considered it . I think it sticks out too far and takes away from the looks of the phone.I have two slim batteries , two of these batteries and a generic desk charger . The generic desk charger comes with an extra cord , which the Motorola desk charger does not include . The Motorola desk charger requires that you use the `` Plug in the Phone '' charger cable to connect to the desk charger . So , since the generic desk charger includes this extra cable , this is the way to go since it doubles the number of chargers you have . You can keep the compact `` plug in the phone '' charger at work and the generic desk charger at home to charge two batteries at night while you sleep . Also the desktop charger will charge a battery without having the phone in the cradle.So if you have three dead batteries , you can charge two at night , and pop the third in the cradle in the morning.If you have the desktop charger , then it is well worth the investment to purchase one or more of these extra capacity batteries.The StarTAC is a great phone . It is not perfect , but I find it suits my primary need of being small enough to carry everywhere . I am considering purchasing a StarTAC for my girlfriend and more of these extra capacity batteries in the future . I think 6 batteries would be great . It would be even better if we could share them between two phones.If you like the slim good looks of the smaller battery , consider buying several of those instead . At $ 30 you can afford to buy three for less than the price of two large batteries.Definitely get the desktop charger.Conrad B. Senior
 This battery is the same high quality as the extended life Lithium Ion battery that came with your phone . Talk and standby time lives up to the manufacturers specs . My only complain is that hot weather seems to cause this battery to wear out fast . I 'm talking 110 degree Texas heat , so for most , this wo n't be a factor .
 . If you have a StarTAC then you should buy several of these batteries . It will not last as long as the bigger battery , but in combination with the desktop charger , you can keep a bunch of these available , and keep you StarTAC pocket sized.My cell-phone calling plan includes 3000 minutes of Nights and Weekends with free Long Distance . So I use it in the evenings to call my long distance friends . I have now come to depend on this phone for most of my calling.I think the StarTAC is a near perfect phone . My only regret is that it does not support two way messaging -- it can receive text messages but not send them.The good thing is the batteries seem to have been standardized and fit a variety of StarTAC phones . So if you invest in a lot of batteries , chances are good you can reuse them if you upgrade the phone later . At least you can sell them to someone who can use them and recoup some of your expenses.There is a car adapter , which can plug into a cigarette lighter adapter . I decided I had to have the desktop charger , and then given the choice of more batteries or a cigarette adapter , I chose to buy extra batteries.I especially like the slim battery , which now goes for about ... Now that the price has dropped I will buy a few more of these.This battery makes the phone about double the size of a numeric pager . Now that is pocket sized ! I slip it in my pocket when I dress up and use the belt holster for every day use.I find the bigger battery adds enough bulk to the phone that I do n't find it comfortable in my pocket , and always use the belt holster with the larger battery.You need extra capacity batteries , if you use this phone as your primary phone . Or you can consider getting a bunch of these smaller batteries . I have seen these for sale at wireless companies for ... ... is selling them for 1/3 the price . A real bargain.I have two slim batteries , two of the bigger batteries and a generic desk charger.The generic desk charger comes with an extra cord , which the Motorola desk charger does not include . The Motorola desk charger requires that you use the `` Plug in the Phone '' charger cable to connect to the desk charger . So , since the generic desk charger includes this extra cable , this is the way to go since it doubles the number of chargers you have . You can keep the compact `` plug in the phone '' charger work and the generic desk charger at home to charge two batteries at night while you sleep . Also the desktop charger will charge a battery without having the phone in the cradle.So if you have three dead batteries , you can charge two at night , and pop the third in the cradle in the morning.If you have the desktop charger , then it is well worth the investment to purchase several of the slim batteries.The StarTAC is a great phone . It is not perfect , but I find it suits my primary need of being small enough to carry everywhere . I am considering purchasing a StarTAC for my girlfriend and more of the batteries in the future . I think 6 batteries would be great . It would be even better if we could share them between two phones.If you like the slim good looks of the smaller battery , consider buying several of those instead . At ... you can afford to buy five for the price of two large batteries.Definitely get the desktop charger.Conrad B. Senior
 If you have a StarTAC then you should buy several of these batteries . It will not last as long as the bigger battery , but in combination with the desktop charger , you can keep a bunch of these available , and keep you StarTAC pocket sized . P > The good thing is the batteries seem to have been standardized and fit a variety of StarTAC phones . So if you invest in a lot of batteries , chances are good you can reuse them if you upgrade the phone later . At least you can sell them to someone who can use them and recoup some of your expenses.I especially like the slim battery ... . Now that the price has dropped I will buy a few more of these.This battery makes the phone about double the size of a numeric pager . Now that is pocket sized ! I slip it in my pocket when I dress up and use the belt holster for every day use.I find the bigger battery adds enough bulk to the phone that I do n't find it comfortable in my pocket , and always use the belt holster with the larger battery.You need extra capacity batteries , if you use this phone as your primary phone . Or you can consider getting a bunch of these smaller batteries .
 This headset exceeded all expectations for three years . I had multiple colleagues buying the same equipment due to my advocacy . I am using this daily , hours on end for work and travel . Pairing is excellent , sound quality great and you can wear it for hours . After two years the earpads started to disintegrate , no biggy . But now the plastic is chipping off piece by piece , the matrial has become soft . Glueing is not an option . The left earpiece has now fallen off . Sound quality is still excellent , the battery still lasts for days . But I ca n't put the thing on my head anymore . And Plantronics does n't sell anything similar anymore
 This need not be a long review . I have had my set for more than five years , have experienced no trouble , the sound quality is fabulous , it pairs easily , they are sturdy , come with the proper accessories and last and last and last.What 's not to like ?
 As always plantronics this headset is awesome ! Sound is second to none and extremely comfortable . Charge lasts all day literally . Televesion , movies , ipod , ps3 games and incoming calls from the cell phone sound amazing ! The headset transfers back and forth from music to incoming calls and back very nicely . Caller never even knew i was on a wireless bluetooth headset without being told . Would definitely recommend this set and i would buy these again .
 I do n't say this often , but this is pretty much the perfect product -- it does exactly what it claims to do , and it does it simply.Plug one end into your cigarette lighter , the other end into your Motorola phone , and start dialing . You 'll be surprised at how clearly you can hear folks on the other end of the line , and they 'll be amazed at how clearly they can hear you . No more messing around with doo-dads in your ear and microphones that never quite seem to work.Two small cautions : * Make sure your phone 's `` auto-hands free '' option is on , otherwise you 'll need to keep the phone cover open . * This model does n't work on GSM phones -LRB- most StarTac are n't GSM ; I just happened to notice this in the instruction manual for the speakerphone . -RRB- Very highly recommended -- simple and clear .
 Having had a professional Motorola Hands Free Kit previously installed in an older car for my Star Tac phone , I know how expensive the permanent kits are not to mention the installation fees . When I saw this product and it 's promises of easy installation and use for -LRB- an affordable price -RRB- , I had to try it . Needless to say , I have not been disappointed . I have a StarTac 7868 digital phone -- I was able to easily attach the kit to my SUV 's cigarette adapter and clipped the speaker to a panel on the front passenger side -LRB- near my gearshift -RRB- . The speaker sound is just as good as I remember my old `` pro '' kit was -LRB- the 3W boost REALLY helps -RRB- , and the kit turns off when I shut off the car . I stick my phone in the cupholder , so the mic thats attached to the cord sticks out towards me and so far , everyone I call has said they can hear me fine -LRB- there is some noticeable road noise when I drive over 30mph , but not too bad -RRB- . I 've tried other `` hassle free '' handsfree kits like the one I bought at Sharper Image , and this one is MUCH MUCH better . And the best thing is , if I ever need to use the kit in another car , I can just pop it out and take it with me . If you want an inexpensive alternative to all of those dangling earphones , than you may want to try this product .
 The illustration for this produce is not clear enought to allow you to clearly see which Motorola phones it fits , and the description does n't say , so be careful . There is apparently a version for the Startac series AND a version for the V-120C -LRB- and similar -RRB- . This review applies to the V-120C . This is an extremely useful product . The receive audio is excellent . I get very good transmit audio reports with the built-in microphone . I get better transmit audio reports with a microphone pluged into the unit and positioned closed to my mouth . Motorola makes an optional microphone for this purpose.However , if you own an earphone -LRB- bug -RRB- / microphone handsfree unit you can plug it into the microphone jack on the unit and use the microphone . It works quite well and can be positioned nearly anywhere near you . I put mine over the driver 's sun visor . I can ignore the whole thing unless I get or make a call , or remove the phone and take with me.If you are undecided as to whether to buy a handfree unit , DO IT . The increase in safety from simply having both hands on the steering wheel pays for the unit -LRB- and maybe your car and body -RRB- . With the V-120C and its voice dial capabilities , all you have to do is press one button to make a -LRB- voice dialed -RRB- call . If you set the `` answer with any button '' or `` auto answer on second ring '' options you have to do nothing more than press one button -LRB- or wait for auto answer -RRB- to receive a call . Keep the unit pluged into the power socket and simply plug in your phone when you get in the car . Very easy , and you can move it from car to car -LRB- including rental cars -RRB- . It works . It 's safe . It 's cool . Mostly , it 's safe .
 I loved this product . As far as portable ease of use it was perfect . I could leave it plugged into my cigarette lighter constantly without wearing down my battery . I would simply snap the connector into the bottom of the phone and I 'm done . When calls came , you just flip the phone open and talk . The speaker was loud and clear and no one ever complained about not being able to hear me.Unfortunately , I got sick of my startac battery wearing down and bought a Nokia . I 'm happy with the Nokia phone , but their hands-free solutions for the 8260 are not nearly as good as this .
 If your looking to accessories for your nextel phone and save money ... then look no further ! i 've recently purchased this item and it saved me over ... dollars to buy a combo pack rather than each item individually . The vent mount is perfect while driving b/c it allows you easy access to your nextel speaker phone . If your picking up too much back round noise you can always switch to the ear piece . Either way this combo is a steal ...
 This is my fourth Boxwave screen protector I used for my phones . Their products have always been a perfect fit for all phones I used them on and the protector stays on the screen -LRB- never had one come off unexpectedly -RRB- . This screen protector uses static to cling onto the phone , unfortunately it will also attract lint during the installation process . Some helpful advice for installation , wash the screen protector with water -LRB- like the instruction describes -RRB- , I could swear my screen protector had lint before I even started . Use scotch tape to help place the screen protector in the right position -LRB- scotch tape helps peel off the screen protector -RRB- and you can use the scotch tape on the static side of the screen protector to remove those stray lint particles.Also , this particular screen protector is the glossy type -LRB- reflect lights -RRB- and it has a solid feel -LRB- not rubbery -RRB- . Pros : * Great fit * Stays on and does not peel offCon : * Installation -LRB- after a couple of times doing this . . it gets easier -RRB-
 this thing is really cool , I love having all my chargers in one ! I can charge any of my devices now anywhere like an airplane or car or socket , it comes with 2 cables 1 to just charge , and one to sync and charge , it is really light . -LRB- tip
 The shipping was quick , the item is quality . It fits securely over the phone and really holds onto the belt . The speakerphone feature still works even though the clip covers it , so no worries . Great price , great product , for sure .
 I needed to replace this part having misplaced the original . The part arrived quickly , and was of excellent quality . Great price on a much needed part .
 IT WORK GREAT . . LOVE THIS CHARGER BECAUSE I COULD BRING IT ANYWHERE WITH . . AND I COULD JUST PLUG IT INTO MY COMPTURE ...
 i give this phone 5 stars since it used to be 50 dollars and i had sold it for 110 . now i own a cell phone store and overall , isnt the best phone out there , but is decent enough for the price . . i dont know what kind of problems these other people are having with cingular , but with tmobile , it works perfectly fine . .
 This was the very first phone I bought for myself . I absoultley loved it ! It 's great if you need it just as a back up phone or as a cell phone for your child . All it can do is talk and text so there are no issues about incurring data charges . Needed my 9 year old sister to have communication at all times so I got this for her and do n't regret it at all . It 's small and compact so it can be discreetly hidden in a pocket or bag but it 's very loud so it can easily be heard . LOVE this phone and the only reason I gave it up was because I needed a data plan . But again , it 's a great starter or back-up phone!P.S
 I was looking for an extra charger to leave at work and did n't want to pay $ 20 + . For the price I was half expecting this to be a knockoff -LRB- and was ok with that , as long as it worked -RRB- . But it is indeed an OEM Blackberry charger and looks exactly like the the one that came with my BB . It works fine to charge my Curve 8330 . Also , the item was delivered very quickly -LRB- 2 business days -RRB- . Excellent deal .
 This is the best way to go for anyone who is in need of a charger . I went to the store to buy a charger and it was over 18 dollars . This charger will fit the verizon blackberry curve and the sprint blackberry curve . You cant beat this price .
 This is a great product and it was delivered in a couple of days ... which was GREAT considering I needed to change my Blackberry ASAP
 It was cheap and it charges my phone . Perfect . It 's an OEM charger . So this is the charger to buy if you need one .
 I ordered this charger Monday at 3:30 , by the time I got home from work on Tuesday it was waiting on my door step . Verizon wanted to charge me $ 25 for the charger . Additionally the cord is a bit longer than most I have had before , which is nice when using it while plugged in .
 Fast service , great price and good correspondence . Product arrived on time and in good shape .
 The price for this sure did beat the mobile store . I have a blackberry with Verizon and one with AT&T and it works for both ! Loved the low price !
 Ca n't believe what a deal I got on Blackberry Chargers , USB wiring , cases , etc. . Honestly , many items were more than 100 % off the price from Blackberry itself . Amazing .
 Hello all , I have had no problems what so ever with this product besides leaving it in hotel rooms and buying more of them to replace the one that I had lost . Great product and great pricing , fast shipper -LRB- not ups -RRB- .
 This is an exact OEM replacement charger for Blackberry . It functions the same and is the same size . I rate this charger as 4 instead of 5 because I 'd like them to be more slim like the Motorola USB chargers are .
 Giving it 4 stars just because UPS took forever to get this delivered to me and I needed it ASAP because my dog chewed my other one . Other then that it works just perfect . Works with my 8130 Perl ... was a bit afraid since it did n't state it .
 And also as an FYI , it does work for the Blackberry Curve 8310 . Which I was not very certain of , but I desperately needed a new charger , as my previous replacement was threatening to burn the house down every time I used it .
 Bought this to have at work . Pretty compact and works well , seems to be of decent quality . I would buy this again .
 What else can I say - it 's easy to use , plugs right in to both the phone and the wall , and charges my phone without any problems
 The product works as stated ... Wish theBlackberry worked as well ... . Anywaythis is a great product compared to what you 'd pay in the BNM
 I was unsure how this product was going to work out since it was so inexpensive , but it works perfectly . I would have given it five stars , but the picture does n't actually show the product . It 's more of a small cube that has prongs to plug into an outlet with a cord that plugs into the cube on one end -LRB- USB -RRB- and your phone on the other end . The prongs do n't actually fold down . In any event , I 'm very happy with the charger , and its compact size is a bonus .
 I ordered this phone charger for my husbands phone and received it pretty quickly however it didnt fit the phone my husband had even though it said it would . Customer service contacted me asking why I was not satisfied and I explained to them what happened , and they quickly gave me a full refund . The customer service was very helpful and I would order from them again . It was a common mistake and I appreciate all the help I got from them . I completely change my previous review
 Ca n't beat the price . . and worked perfectly on both my Blackberry and HTC Incredible . Fits tight too.I just wish the block itself was a bit smaller .
 I was first sent the wrong product , but after contacting them I received the correct one within 2 days ! Great customer service !
 This is a charger . It works for my blackberry curve . My phone was dead cuz I left my charger in the hotel room , so I had to order a replacement . Now my phone 's not dead . yeah ! now if I can get a better phone than a blackberry curve ... well , that 's a whole other story .
 I needed a replacement charger for my Curve 8330 . The original one would only work with moving the cord around . I ordered this one and received it in about 2 days . It fits and works perfectly , and is an OEM Blackberry charger , not an off brand charger . It 's worth the cost savings if you are willing to wait the 2 days for shipment .
 This charger is the original charger that comes with the Blackberry 8830 and I recommend if you need a replacement because the old one may have been worn causing a shortage in the charge , then this is the perfect item . Also , the cost of the charger was only about $ 6.00 compared to the other retailers .
 This charger has a connector that does n't fit my Blackberry -- it 's much too small . I complained to the vendor via email and they called me the next day , explained that there are two sizes of chargers -LRB- this is a `` mini '' -RRB- , and promised to send me the right size without charge .
 They ship very quickly and have great customer service . I ordered the wrong charger by mistake . When I called to tell them , they immdeiately shipped another one -LRB- free of charge -RRB- and included reutrn label for the other charger .
 I got this charger in the mail a few days ago . The delivery was really fast ! It took only about 2 days to get to my house . It works and gets the job done . That 's all I was looking for , the price was great too ! Now I do n't have to use my computer anymore to charge my blackberry .
 Product was delivered on time and did what it was suppose to do . I ca n't ask for more than that .
 With other reviewers , some had issue with the quality of this particular item , I personally found it to be a terrific value as I could not have purchased this item from Blackberry nor from the store I purchased my handset at the price offered on this website . My charger operated just fine and I am pleased with the overall value I believe I received . I waited what seemed to be FOREVER to receive my merchandise but free shipping was worth it . Ca n't have it all , I suppose ! I got a good charger for the price .
 Perfect and wow , super cheap :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I have an employer-provided cell phone -LRB- at the beginning I thought they were being nice :-RRB- -RRB- . I also have one employer-provided charger , and I would sometimes forget the charger at the office or at home , and my battery would run out . So , I dediced to look for the cheapest charger I could find -LRB- since the office manager stated they did not provide extra chargers -RRB- . I was hesitant becuase of the price , but I have to say that it is a great charger . It is not as sturdy as the one that came with the phone , but it does the job . I would highly recommend this charger.By the way , my phone is a Blackberry Pearl 8100 . If you need an extra charger for home / work , this should do it .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend because he left his charger at my place when he visited me . It seemed only a few bucks more to get this new one across to him rather than to ship his old one over . It all worked out because the delivery time was pleasantly short and it 's a value-for-money offer !
 I bought four chargers and and they are working well . Shipping was quick as well .
 The furry purse for cell phone and lipstick is a great little item to have for Holiday Partying . I bought one for my daughter , too .
 Super speedy delivery . Have n't used it , but it is just like in the picture . Thanks !
 All the buttons are still fully accessible . The keyboard will take a bit getting used to with the plastic sheet over it . But not too bad . It is definitely too tight out of the box to hold a credit card or ID card . But I dont use this as a wallet anyways . Its not too bulky . No moreso then a wallet . It does come with an optional belt clip but I never wear those . The leather is nice and smooth and Looks nice on this phone . For those who do not want to spend for a Vaja or Piel Frama this is a great alternative . All in all I am happy with it . It looks sleek and does not take away from functionality of the device at all . It is currently connect to my pc via usb and there are no obstructions as well.Id say 4.5 / 5 only for the fact that if I wanted to fit a credit card id have to fight it a while . Otherwise it does exactly what I expected and hope it to do .
 This has been SO handy . It is getting very difficult to obtain accessories for my Palm Centro . The cord is short enough so it does n't get tangled up in the rest of the snakes ' nest , yet long enough to be helpful . Thank you VERY much . I will definitely be a repeat customer .
 I was looking for something like this for a long time . It 's very good charger . Excellent quality for the offered price . I 'm very satisfied .
 This cable is exactly what I needed . I have a universal USB car charger and it 's perfect for that , as well as for charging with a pc .
 Charges my Treo 650 with no problem . I used it with theBelkin BZ103050vTVL Mini Surge Protector/Dual USB Chargerand I 'm able to leave one more charger/brick thing at home when traveling . Sometimes I want the cord to be a longer but it 's worth the short cord to make it some light and small . Clips together and holds up well in the backpack pocket will all the other odds and ends of the modern geek .
 March 2009 Update : This is very useful with the Sanyo Eneloop Battery Booster.It lets me charge away from a computer with the Booster -LRB- good for 4x -RRB- . Got ta get another one since the booster allows 2 devices to charge at once . Keep in mind Palm is no longer producing TXs and all accessories , drivers , devices may not all be avail . This cable is great for charging from a computer or a booster/battery extender.eneloop Mobile USB Booster ************ Excellent cable for really charging the Palm TX or appropriate device . No contest compared to the default trickle charge fussy/persnickity cable that came packaged with Palm . This one triggers the lightening charge indicator on the very first connection . Never have to fuss with it . Direct power and no accidental triggering of sync request which happens frequently with the default cable . Got excellent deal and delivery was efficient . A must for any body keeping their Palm TX . You 'll have to read specs if asking about another model .
 This item works great when your at work and dont have a house plug close by because you are able to charge it on the USB off the computer . The only down fall is the cord is a little short but works great if you have the Screen with the USB
 i took a chance that this case would fit my palm tungsten w-fits perfectly . this case is very well made & well constructed . although i agree with someone who stated that the leather of the cover is quite stiff making is slightly more difficult to remove , i still find that to be a positive thing . my earlier case had the same closure design but the leather was much more flexible . when accidentally tipped upsidedown , the cover opened & my pda fell to the floor . there i no chance of that happening with the krusell case . the included spring clip is also of good size & quality . it holds well & detaches easily . i like this case so much i 'm going to get a smaller one for my phone .
 This bag is really nice . Good quality leather , and very sturdy construction . Very good for protection of your PDA . I have bought it for Garmin iQue M3 , and it fits in nicely . It also have a belt clip , which not bulky and but very useful .
 The product works well . It is easy to use . One thing to be aware of , is that when you are setting it up , be sure you have all your external devices up and running . The set up will reconfigure your drive designations if this is not done.The one draw back is the fact that for each cell phone you need to purchase a new Cell Stik if the plug is different from the original cell phone . The company should have available adopters so you do not have to buy a new cellstick everytime you switched brands . Stated a different way . The original Cell Stik is $ 40.00 and each new cell phone , if different , is $ 40.00 . This could add up and make this an expensive way to keep the memory .
 This device is awesome . Lost my cellphone once and the 700 contacts in it !!! NIGHTMARE !!! Never again . This thing is SO simple and if I 'm on the road and add new contacts I can back them up without the need for a computer . This is the greatest favor you could do for yourself or someone you love .
 CellStik works as advertised . But the software is stoneaged . It would be really helpful to have the ability to export/import with Excel . Beats the dickens out of having to go to the store and hassle with the technicians .
 The CellStik provides a very simple way to back up the numbers on your cell phone . I have lost a phone in the past and have had to find and reenter hundreds of phone numbers ... not fun.If you are looking for a way to sync with an address book in say Outlook , be aware that the CellStik will not do that.However , if you just want to have a back-up of your phone 's address book , as I do , the CellStik is great .
 It is soo simple to do . Can you read ? Follow a few instructions?Couple of clicks and you save to cellstik and update to phone.When all of your contacts are listed on your PC screen it is a piece of cake to make changes , edit , or add to your list . In case you drop your phone and break it . or you drop it in a cup of coffee next to the drivers seat ... you have your contacts saved ... Piece of mind ...
 Lowest price I could find for a replacement cell phone battery . And it it 's made by the phone manufacturer ! After a month 's use , it 's working as the original battery was .
 I love this cell phone cover . I drop my phone way too much and it does n't chip . Yaay !
 This product is pretty cool . You can pretty much do anything you want with the phone 's audio and visual media as well as sync it with your outlook . The only thing that I found a bit difficult was the install for Windows XP . I went to -LSB- ... -RSB- then to the customer service section and selected bluetooth adapter . The next thing I new I was at the page that tells you that Service Pack 2 on XP has its own bluetooth program that you need to disable it . After you go through that , it 's pretty simple . But anyway , the Motorola site will walk you right through it .
 This seems to work well though I had to call customer support and get their help in linking my phone to my computer because Windows XP has it 's own Bluetooth emulator or something . You will need to call Motorola as well unless they fix this glitch - which I do n't think they are able to do as it is on Microsoft 's side .
 I am very pleased with the product . I use it with my bluetooth headset both for VoIP via my PC and to keep my phone list up to date . The ability to easily send SMS messages is also a nice feature . Installation was easy . This is my first bluetooth experience so getting to know how to bond with other devices had a slight learning curve .
 I used the USB transmitter with a Motorola Razor phone and had great results . The mobile phone tools are very simple , but convenient . I would recommend both products .
 This holster is good . It holds the phone firmly and the velcro strap is secure . My only slight negative is that the NOKIA logo sits on a little plastic plate , which looks plastic . They could have done a better job making it look metal/more solid .
 Some of the rating categories do n't really apply but I marked them all positive since I 'm happy with the item and what I paid for it . I highly recommend this seller .
 I bought this item for my Zen Micro . This car charger can work as the description . No more excellent funstion it can be provided .
 I received my order in great condition two days before the estimated delivery date . I 'm using thisNokia CA-42 Compatible USB Data Cablewith a Nokia 6103 phone . The latest CA-42 cable driver off Nokia 's site does n't seem to work with it . But it DOES work just fine with the old driver provided on the CD , and the latest version of Nokia PC Suite -LRB- 7.0.8.2 -RRB- from the website . No Complaints !
 I bought this about a month back for my nokia 6103 . The cable works fine . The only problem I had was installing the driver on my vista machine . But then searched the net on the Nokia discussion forum and then it was an easy task . I would say good deal .
 The product was of good quality . Would recommend purchasing it to anyone ! GREAT BUY !
 It broke the first time I used it , but Im still able to use the product.It turned out to be very useful and it helps me to transfer pictures and contacts to my computer without using text messages .
 I bought this cable for 5 bucks -LRB- plus tax & shipping -RRB- because i refuse to pay 30 to 50 bucks for a Nokia cable and wanted to backup my contacts & transfer a ringtone from my PC . I find that it works fine if you follow the instructions . I first installed driver from CD-ROM , then installed updated PC suite program , then plug cable to PC then cable to phone and Windows recognized my 2125i phone . Other users with problems must not have followed instructions .
 I received my order in 2 days . Product was in excellent shape ; I will definitely buy from again .
 I bought the cable because the phone that I have is no longer supported by the sevice I go through . It is a great way to transfer pictures and ringtones to your phone , especially if you do n't have the $ 50 for the Nokia version .
 This cable works every bit as good as the more expensive brands I saw in the store . Data transfers are rapid and complete . Great product !
 Found great functionabily of this data cable . Not any problems reported to now . I can say that everything is OK .
 i had a lot of prtectors but this one is the best but a bit pricy.i had a lot of prtectors but this one is the best but a bit pricy .
 This combo pack is great . Both the headset and the travle charge work very well ! There is only one drawback , if it is , that you need to use a double-side adheasive button to mount the phone to the vent clip .
 I bought this package mainly for the charger . Even if the rest was bad , the charger would well be worth the $ I paid . The charger works great . The earbud works fairly well . The sound quality on both ends is perfect but it is difficult to keep in your ear . The clip works well if you can find a way to attach it to your car and brace it . To use the clip , you have to attach a button to the back of your phone which is included . Once you attach it , it can not be removed and reattached . It adds to the size of your phone but holds well .
 This is a great package if you are looking to use your phone in the car . The head set and car charger are of high quality and work excellent . I do n't like the vent clip but the package is worth the car charger and head set .
 Great value!The charger does n't `` heat up '' the way that my desk charger does , and actually charges quicker ! The vent clip is very handy so that you can see incoming calls while driving without having to look down or find your phone . The headset sounded a little scratchy until I figured out that there is an ear piece you have to attach to the unit . Highly recommended !
 Everything you need for on-the-road use .
 I 've LG VX10 cell phone . I ordered this item on Amazon just for try , as I can get car charger and hands free in low price.Hands free works fine . The car charger picture on Amazon seems like confusing but I got the correct one which fits and works with my cell phone.Pros
 I was very pleased with my purchase of the combo pack . If your like me , headsets , car chargers and all accessories for my cell phone get lost , left in taxi 's , hotels and at home when I travel . Typically , all phones come with one of these accessories that comes in this combo pack , however , having a spare is awesome !
 I bought this kit as a gift for my brother and we are both happy with it . For me it was easy to choose , all I needed to know was the phone model and it was a great price . My brother did already have a headset but was greatful to have a spare , he lost his original headset days later ! The gripping phone holder is great because it is not permanent and he can take it with him when he travels . For all you gadget dummies that find stuff like this confusing , I recommend it as a really easy way to make the most of your cell phone .
 This cell phone holder is the best design I have ever used . I previously had a holder with a plastic hook and Velcro flap to secure the phone . The plastice hook caused wear spots on my pants and the Velcro flap finally wore out . This holder has a smooth leather covered spring clip and a magnet flap to secure the phone . The clip is wonderful compared to the rough plastic hook from before . The magnetic flap is not very strong , but the phone fits snug in the pouch , so it seems perfect . It does n't get in the way of removing the phone when ringing . All in all , this is a wonderful improvement over most choices .
 This is the best holster I 've ever had and it was an identical replacement for one I used for 4 years that finally broke . Not bad quality at all !
 I love this little thing , I ended up removing the little flap because , strangely enough , the magnet inside would cause calls to drop as I pulled the phone out . Even without the clasp , the phone is totally secure .
 Holder works well . the phone is a little tight making it hard to get out , but that is probably better than too loose . I hope it loosens a little with time . Have had for a few months and have not had any problems . It would be nice if I could plug into charger at bottom without having to remove from the holster . The swivel clip works well and I have not had problems with it . For the price , it was a great buy .
 Great priceFast shipWorked as describedI like the swivel belt clipWould buy again
 Cellet Small Soft Cell Phone Universal Holster / Pouch / Case with Swivel belt clipThis is a nice little case . I did n't think it swiveled either , but then I discovered it goes hard . It swivels . Be sure to measure your phone carefully . The measurements of my phone matched quite perfectly , but it is a bit of a tight fit .
 Delivered the product fast and on time . The only complaint is they should show a side view so you can tell how thick the clip is .
 Better Than I expected ! Holds Phone securely , good quality , and it swivels easily . I 've spent 19.95 -LRB- each -RRB- on several different cases , and still my phone kept falling out onto the floor when I moved a certain way ... No problems with this one , and you just got to love the price !
 This holster is exactly what I was looking for.I was suprised to see a product of this quality price.arrived quickly , thanks love it .
 Although there was confusion as to part of the product , it was very nicely resolved by a customer service lady , and I could n't be happier ! THANKS SO MUCH !!!
 A little long for my phone which makes is hard to dig out when it rings . Stays closed and stays put with the belt clip
 I was so impressed at first with this phone that I had this grandiose review typed out , submitted , and then boom . Next morning , it broke and sent the case flying to the floor . Lovely!The male part of the strap came apart from the clip on the side , so it 's broken - finished - dead.R.I.P little case - your two days of being attached to my leather brown purse was fun , but now it 's time to move on I suppose . You sure were pretty ... the bright pink , the metallic/snap closure - all felt so secure , & had me fooled . I should have seen through your flashy exterior . I thought I could trust you , but alas , you left me high and dry . Rest in peace my little friend . I would send you back , but your dear mate that came with you when I bought you -LRB- portable car charger -RRB- , makes it worth the while to not even bother , and no offense , you were cheap . So with great dismay , I must admit that you yourself were not worth the $ 1.87 I paid for you.Folks - save your $ . It 's flashy , pretty , not at ALL functional , & not a safe and secure way to carry your cell phone . And with a snap on phone case on your phone , it 's a rather tight fit , but I had hoped with time , it would stretch a bit and not be so tight . Guess I 'll never know!It wo n't let me change the original four star rating I gave it , but if I could , I would ! -RRB-
 This Motorola pouch is very classy , both in design and colour . It matches my wife 's V3 phone and give it a touch of elegance . The material is excellent with a shiny texture . Magnetic closing flap revealing the front display , and carried with a removable strap . As a bonus , a 12v car charger is included ... Very nice . .
 Had the product for probably half a year , and still no problem with it . I do n't think it 's meant to be handled roughly but I just use it as a clip around the strap of my handbag so it sits inside my purse nicely and allows me quick access to my phone . No problems as of yet with the strap or the hinges .
 It has been a quite enjoyable site to purchase any item . I have bought this same Phone case from Amazon on 2 different occasions and have great satisfaction with all my purchases . I do go through phone cases quite regelurly do to myself being very hard on my cases , but as long as I have my case it protects the phone adequately . The only problem I have had in the past is the clip button keeps tearing out of the back of the case then it is back off to purchase another one . But I have still been More than satisfied with my purchases .
 I recently purchased this product . It protects the phone well and looks sharp , but the top is very tight when installing/uninstalling . I thought I would break the phone in half . It also tore when I took the top off . Otherwise a good all around product .
 The case fits just right over a t720 , and covers all the vulnerable areas , while still allowing access to all the phone functions.The belt clip works well , and seems to snap in pretty securely .
 This case fits like a glove , slides on and off the phone easily , and gives uninhibited access to every button and port . The back has a U shaped slit containing elastic cloth that lets the case expand to accomodates an extended life battery . It is very attractive and provides perfect protection from keys and coins if you carry the phone in a pocket or a purse.The belt clip is the worst I 've ever used though . It is so stiff that it is hard to put on , and once attached it grips so hard it ca n't be moved . Unless your belt is exceptionally thin , you wo n't be sliding this clip forward or back to accomodate a seat belt or chair arm.The worst problem is the thickness of the clip - the phone sticks out so far it gets in the way and catches on things . Because of the elastic venting the phone flops around if you jump or move abruptly . Do n't even think about using this clip while exercising.The materials and workmanship are excellent . This is the best fitting clam shell case available for the T720/21/22 . If you do n't need a belt clip I recommend it unreservedly .
 I am very happy with This Body glove phone case . I use a extra capasity battery and the thickness is no problem with this case . the case fits like a glove.it is thick enough to protect my phone .
 I bought this Body Glove Scuba Cellsuit Phone Case for my new Motorola T721 . Even though the description says T720 and T722 , it fits the T721 perfectly and the material seems to be excellent quality . The case comes in two separate pieces that are joined together by a snap . This makes it ' a snap ' to put on or take off the phone - just put each piece on the phone and then snap them together . The belt clip releases from the bottom . I 'll have to get used to that since the case for my last phone released from the top . The belt clip also has swivel capability , but it is superior to my last case because it clicks and locks into place at whatever angle I want . The only improvement that Body Glove can make would be to offer additional color choices .
 Not much you can say about cell phone cases - they either work well or they do n't . I 've had this one for 90 days or so and it does exactly what I wanted - a full fit around the the T720 Motorola clam-shell phone including clear plastic covers over both the keys and the LCD screen.The rotating latch mechanism is a little strange since the detach tab is on the bottom of the hanger . But it still works well . I 've only accidentally detached it once while carrying a large box and bumping the latch.Overall I prefer this full coverage style over the holster models which are more commonly available.My only negative comment is that where the clear plastic is sown on the leather there are some rather sharp jagged edges that I has to trim down . Took 2 minutes to fix .4 out of 5 stars for the strange latch release and the plastic edges .
 I really like the Scuba Cell suits . I have had them on my last three phones and they are designed well and fit very snug . I can feel confident that my phone is protected from scratches and that it will not fall off my side . The clip is easy to put on and take off , but not so eay that you have to worry about it falling off .
 I bought this same item at a local store a couple years ago . I liked that it fit the phone , gave me all the funtionality , and allowed me to extract the phone with a simple press on the holder.The phone can rotate in the holder , but unlike other holders that just rotate , this has stops , so it holds it in the same position.My only complaint is that after a while -LRB- well , over a year -RRB- the rotation gets easier until finally it rotates freely , and wo n't hold the phone in one position .
 I got a wonderful deal through Amazon and Cingular . Getting a Razor for one cent was terrific and I love my new phone !
 This phone is tops . I am very happy with the connectivity of it and the compatibility . I had a Verizon LG Camera Phone and it sucked compared to this one ! ROCK ON CINGULAR !
 I had purchased a slightly more expensive version of this cover and the rhinestones fell out soon after the first use . I bought this and it has been in use for about a month now with no gems falling out ! The only bad thing is the back part of the cover - could have more coverage and it has the model name of the phone embossed on it , which I find distracting . Other than that , great sturdy cover , especially for the price !
 This case is so hot The color is fantastic and totally girly . I had no problems with peeling or losing crystals . Very pleased !!
 This is the second time I have purchased this product . The rubberized feel is nice when holding the phone . The only bad thing about it is that over time the coating starts to come off in little pieces . The little diamonds are very sparkly and cute . I would still recommend this product to someone .
 This case is pretty much amazing ... i absolutly love the rinestones and the color ... i get alot of compliments on it ... it is amazing !
 I absolutely love this phone cover , it makes it so easy to find in my purse !! And the bling is so me . Only problem I have with it , the color rubs off a little on the corners , but it is so cute , I do n't really mind !
 This is a great accessory for your phone . I higly recommend it . It protects the phone really well .
 I use this remote in my bedroom with my Ihome docking station/alarm clock IH4P and it works great . I can play my Ipod with a touch of the button , change the song or adjust the volume . The snooze button on my remote is used to adjust the background base.When you have to change the battery make sure it is a cr2032 or 3v and that the logo of the button battery facing towards the bottom of the remote . The battery used in the remote is the same as the backup clock used in the Ihome product so I suggest buying a few sets so you wo n't have to worry about your alarm or remote going out . Enjoy !
 This device makes it easy to use the i pod from any point in the room . Very handy !!
 I think this is a really useful product , because you do n't have to be near the Ihome to use it 's volume control , `` on and off '' button , radio and stuff . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that the remote controls the ipod only when it 's directly connected to the Ihome -LRB- it does n't do anything to the ipod , if it 's connected by the cable -RRB- , so sometimes you just end up using it to turn on and off or for the volume ... But I ca n't say it 's a bad product , 'cause it helps me a lot , specially when I 'm in bed and do n't want to get up.I recommend .
 For those of you with ihomes that you have sitting far away from your bedside or other central point in a room , this is a much-needed accessory . Though it should definitely be included with the standard ihome package , and it is pricy considering it is not included , it still greatly increases the versatility of the ihome . button placement is questionable -LRB- on the top there is power and play/pause then underneath it is forward/back AND THEN there is volume . -RRB- , but the ability to change the song , volume , radio , and light settings make it worthwhile .
 I purchased the i home cube for the ipod and then purchased the remote upon receipt and then checking Ihome.com the cube does n't have the remote capability and I felt it was a waste of my time and postage because it was prompted by Amazon as a suggestion for purchase with the cube for the Ipod .
 This worked out fine for my friend . I ca n't remember exactly what he needed this remote for , but it worked like a charm .
 Bought for my phone pretty much plug and play , allows me to buy any off the shelf headset with the std . 3.5 mm plug . The sound quality is good but just as a word of warning you ca n't answer calls unless you unplug the unit first .
 With this accesories you can enjoy your music almost anywhere . Very useful when I 'm in the office and connect my phone to my computer 's speakers . Nice .
 Mic works well with clear sound , but it can not be located too far from you mouth though . It becomes a pain if your headphones do not have an extremely short cable .
 This is the perfect solution if you hate trying to insert the ear buds . You can use a standard headset to listen to the radio or music and still use/answer the phone .
 First one fell apart however they sent me a replacement at no extra charge and both work great . I use professional headphones with this adapter and the sound great . One complaint is that when the first one fell apart I noticed that these adapters are not trully stereo . Only two wires are used to connect the headphone plug so therefore it is dual mono however at this price that dosent really make it a no go .
 I did spected to be good quality but because of the low price I did think it will be low on quality too , but It was n't . The product was delivered fast and in good conditions .
 So , I 've bought 3 different cases for my razor in the last 7 months and this is by far the best . It 's not flimsy like the rubber slip covers , but it 's got a rubberized feel so it does n't slide around on the dashboard , table , etc. . . I 've also dropped my phone a few times and the clips that hold the cover on did not break like my other 2 covers . The cover also did not chip or scar . So , this is exactly what I wanted out of a cover for my razr and the price was perfect -LRB- if not a little low for the quality and insurance -RRB- .
 Overall I really like the look and feel of the cover -LRB- should be available in more colors -RRB- . The only quip I have is that the back cover has a raised indent to hold the clips . Most owners of Razrs bought the phone because it is so slim but having this back cover adds about .25 - .5 inches of thickness to the phone . I am looking for ways to remove this from the back cover -LRB- I do n't wear the phone on my belt , that is so early 90 's -RRB- but they should offer covers without this `` feature '' .
 I 've had this for a few weeks and at least the ones I got seem to be durable enough , I do n't have any problems with the adapter fitting my phone or headphones . There is no loss in sound quality that I can detect using 256k mp3s over $ 200 Klipsch headphones . For the price , they are pretty much perfect . -LRB- Yes there is no mic , but it does n't say it comes with one , does it ? -RRB- I 'll probably get another one for the aux adapter in my car , so I can leave one with my headphones and one in the car .
 This adapter is fairly cheap feeling and other reviewers complained about this , so I was n't surprised . It seems to work fine on my wife 's gray market 550i . For the price , I ordered several so my wife can just leave them in both vehicles and have one in her purse . She is not a heavy user , and so far they have held up . I have ordered other products from Eforcity for other cell phones , and as long as you 're not expecting high quality stuff , -LRB- at these prices , who 's are anyway ? -RRB- it all has worked and held up fine .
 headset adapter worked as advertised . I love being able to use my favorite set of headphones instead of being forced to use ones made for the phone .
 This works great as a simple 1/8 '' headphone adapter for for my w580i . My only concern is durability , since the cable is tiny . Ca n't beat the price .
 I like this thing a bunch . The headphones that come with the w810 blow as far as sound quality .
 Nice does what it is supposed to do . I like it for the reason it is way shorter that the stock one I put it on my sony w 810 and can listen to the phones radio though the phones speaker with out a long cord being in the way while im riding my bike that way everyone can hear the radio while we are riding
 I bought the item form Eforcity . It is unbelievably inexpensive for how well it works . Since it let me use my headset for my cell phone .
 Looking to listen to your music with your own headphones ? Well , you can try this adapters for your Sony Ericsson Phone with Fastport , This attaches to the phone very well , no problem at all to use it , obviously , works with anything that has a regular headphones jack ... . It 's really cheap and it worth to try , the quality of the sound ? that depends on your headphones and not of your adapter
 Bought two of these for my children 's W300i in December . So far , both are working fine for headphones . But , they do not work for `` headsets '' as advertised . According to wiki , a `` headset '' includes a mic .
 Radio component when my previous one broke in a flag football game . Here 's a clue do n't play football and listen to the radio at the same time ! Unlike the more expensive version this one does not give you the option to have wireless phone calls and only is a headset jack interface . Mine only works for one ear bud -LRB- where music comes into -RRB- just like the original one ear jack & wireless phone option . I play the radio on speaker or if at work deal w / the one ear bud working thingy . Its ok . It works .
 Does its job but the cable is begining to tear and expose the inner wires . I 've had it for a couple months and use it alot . This product is made for listening to music only , not for mic use .
 Bought as backup for OEM adaptor for my W580I.Sony Ericsson HPM-70 Original OEM Stereo Headset for Sony Ericsson J110i , J120i , K200i , K220i , K510i , K530i , K550i , K550im , K610i , K610im , K660i , K750 , K770 , K790 , K800i , K810i , K850i , M600i , P1i , P990 , S500i , T250i , T650i , W200 , W300i , W300 , W550i , W58 ... for about 1/2 the price . Does n't have the mute button and is a bit shorter but it 's fine and costs a penny .
 This was an impulse buy for me , and I must say I 'm extremely happy with it . I 've had it for about a month now and I use it every day . Even if it is left in the car under the TX sun for several hours , it still works perfectly . For the price , it ca n't be beat !
 Love the product and Fast service . There was a small problem with the order and they were quick to handle it - Very Happy !
 this product shipped really fast and works perfectly , and for those who said this product breaks and gets stuck in the phone they simply did not read their instruction manuals , it shows you how to remove the connections by twisting the plastic inserts up and it pops out with no trouble .
 EXELENTE CONECTOR . AHORA PUEDO ESCUCHAR TODA LA MUSICA DE MI SONY ERICCSON EN CUALQUIER EQUIPO DE SOLIDO , EN EL CARRO , EN LA SALA DE MI CASA , DONDE CUALQUIER AMIGO . SE CONTECTA A CUALQUIER SALIDA DE AUX.JUAN FRANCISCO CARCAMOEL SALVADOR , CENTRO AMERICA
 I bought this because the one came with the phone was too long for a gym workout . It has been working perfectly for me . I 've been seen reviews saying that it broke too easily , but my other one has been lasting for the past 3-4years and it 's still in perfect condition . For those people who are complaining about the durability , it 's your fault so stop complaining . It will last for a long time if you use it properly .
 I got this to connect my phone to my car stereo . It 's much easier to have hanging around than the one that comes with the phone . No microphone , so calls wo n't work , but you 're in the car , so why should they ?
 Not listed , but this item WILL work with sony s500i . Sony sells their headsets that have this adapter built in and can be detached for other headset use , but I already have a bose headset I wanted to use . For 3 $ , you can connect this to any standard head jack ! Clean , clear quality.Cons - None , well , the cord is a little thin but its lasted so yeah !
 The OEM headset , although are also a handsfree , seems to me a bit weird because they have one cord larger than the other . With this gadget I 'm able to use my iPod headset instead the one supplied.Eforcity customer service is as good as Amazon 's .
 I ordered this product from eforcity and it arrived sooner than expected and was packaged well . I noticed that it did n't list the w580i as one of the phones it 's compatible with , which was a concern . However , when I plugged it into my w580i , it worked great.I have n't tried this with a mic , so I 'm not sure if it will work with a mic . But , it works fine with my Sony headphones .
 I was concerned with the 1 star review so I ordered from desirepro -LRB- who had a higher rating -RRB- instead of Eforcity . I received my order promptly and it works well .
 This is a simple , yet wonderful adapter which enables me to use my standard stereo earphones with my Sony Ericsson walkman phone . So I did not have to buy ridiculously priced Sony propeitory earphones . -LRB- I use bluetooth for handsfree calling , earphones for listening to music only . -RRB-
 It works out well for me . I lost my original headphone that came with the phone and now with this adapter , I can connect to any regular headphones . I do n't see any sound quality difference .
 You can use your 3.5 mm headset with this adaptor . This does not have a microphone . It worked with my w350i sonyericsson phone .
 Quick shipping , had some trouble at first , guess the connectors did n't hit just right the first couple times . But it works great . Originally got it so I could use rca plugs to connect to my car stereo . Being as they were so cheap I ordered two just incase something happened . But still working fine .
 Bought this for my girlfriend 's phone so she could listen to music on it . . Very stupid you had to get this for a Walkman Phone . . Great Price and worked as intended . .
 I purchased this adapter for my Sony Ericsson k800i phone . The adapter is required if you plan on using the radio feature of the phone as the radio can only be used with headphones . The adapter also as an antenna . The cable works great and I have not had any issues with it . You can plug in any 3.5 mm stereo audio earphones .
 This was bought as a replacement adaptor . Stupidly , I accidentally pulled the cable from the jack socket on the original , so I know how to handle the new one properly . An essential but inexpensive accessory to facilitate use of any headphones set .
 I AM SO GLAD TO HAVE THE ADAPTER - I CAN USE MY FON AS IT 'S INTENDTED , NOT JUST A FON , BUT AS AN MP3 PLAYER , TOO ! I AN LISTEN TO MY MUSIC I 'VE DOWNLOADED OR THE RADIO ANYTIME I WANT TO WITH THIS GREAT ADAPTER - I 'M NOT REALLY TECHNOLOGICALLY ADVANCED SO HAVING ACCESS TO AMAZON.COM & IT 'S GREAT DISTRIBUTORS ARE HELPING ME MAKE MY ENTRANCE INTO THE 21ST CENTURY FAIRLY PAINLESS !
 I got to say this item is really good for sony phones but sometimes they do n't last long . I did n't think i would get my money back because i had it for for more then 30 days.Put this guys REALLY are big on customer satisfaction and give me a full refund . I did n't even have to ask i just talk them it did n't last to long and they give me my money back . I know ill be buying more stuff from this guys .
 What you see is what you get
 I have both this adapter and the one for my Nokia 6126 . The Eforcity adapter gives sound just as clear as a good stereo system . Note that it does not have a microphone ; it is only for listening to music , and for that it rocks !
 The product was exactly what it said it was . The delivery was fairly quick . Thanks !
 Product arrived on time and in fine condition . It 's a simple device . Works as expected . Quality seems fine .
 I like this it makes it easier listening to the walkman without the long cords
 The device works well , and the price was right . Shipping was a little more than expected , but it arrived on time and in good condition , so no complaints considering the overall low cost . Good job .
 i use this in my car all the time its an excellent buy and makes any music playing phone a replacement for ipod !!!
 it does what its supposed to allows you to plug a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack to your phone . quality seems decent .
 The item came on time . It still works even after a few months of heavy use . No complaints for price . It works as advertised .
 This product works as expected . No problems with use or performance of this product . Product arrived in &#34; new &#34; condition without any blemishes , scratches or other types of damage .
 cheap and good device . Received very early and sutable for any sony eri phone . I recommended to every one buy it
 Regarding the Sony Ericsson Headset Adapter -LRB- `` Fastport plug to 3.5 mm '' -RRB- I was a little skeptical because of the very low price . Thankfully I was wrong ... not only did the adapter work , but apparently , it has the proper contacts to allow the headset -LRB- just my own `` buds '' , not the Sony ones -RRB- to serve as the antenna for the FM radio . The FM radio does work with this adapter installed -LRB- without the adapter you get an error message on the phone to plug in the headset -RRB- . Anyone with a fastport connector knows the plugs are prone to breakage , especially the cheap ones , but so far no problem with this one . If that changes , I 'll edit the review . If it holds up , you really ca n't go wrong ...
 This adapter does its job , that is , allowing you to use a stereo headset to listen to music/videos/radio on a pre-2010 Sony Ericsson phone with a FastPort connector . Sony Ericsson 's FastPort connector is intrinsically poor . Sony Ericsson should have dropped it sooner than they did . -LRB- From 2010 onwards it was replaced by a micro-USB for data/charging and a four-pin iPhone-style mini jack socket for the headset connection -- a combination that is fast becoming the industry standard . -RRB- The FastPort connector was a bad design . It is common to find one or more pins not making good contact due to dirt ; and any movement of the plug can make the connection intermittent . Using this adapter you may experience these problems ; but they are the fault of the FastPort design , not this specific adapter . Note that if you want to use an iPhone-style headset-plus-microphone that has a four-pin -LRB- `` TRRS '' -RRB- plug , this adapter will NOT work as the jack socket is only three-pin -LRB- `` TRS '' -RRB- . There is no adapter that I can find that connects an iPhone-stype headset -LRB- with microphone -RRB- to a Sony Ericsson FastPort plug . -LRB- If you find one please let me know via a comment . -RRB- I have made my own by cannibalizing an old Sony Ericsson headset with a FastPort plug and a `` 4-pin to dual 3-pin splitter '' intended for connecting an iPhone-style headset to a PC 's audio-in and audio-out sockets -- and then connecting the FastPort plug to the 4-pin socket . In case you want to try this the connections are as follows . Note that there are two wires coming out of the 4-pin socket -LRB- mic and earphones -RRB- , so mark them clearly before you chop of the two three-pin plugs!Function --------- 4-pin splitter --------------- FastPort ----------------------------------------------------------------- Common ---------- Blue , both wires ----------- Black + shieldingMicrophone ------- Red , mic wire -------------- WhiteUnused ----------- Green , mic wire ------------ n/a - just cut it offEarphone left ----- Red , earphone wire -------- GreenEarphone right -- Green , earphone wire ------ Blue
 This is a must have adapter if you want to use the AUX input in your car with your Sony Ericsson . It works great
 Useful gadget , converts the sony 's proprietary -LRB- and silly ! -RRB- connection so that any regular headphones can be used . Item arrived correctly and within stated shipping time
 Works - Ok ... does n't work properly if I plug the headphone jack in all the way . To get stereo on both right and left sides you have to pull the connector out one step . But the price is right ... so I would recommend it .
 This thing worked very well and did n't pay hardly anything for it either . Definately cant go wrong there .
 Fits tightly into my cell phone , 3.5 mm jack connection is solid and will not be broken or become intermittent as was the case with Headphone jack on my Blackberry which is built in and mounted to main board of that phone . This solution where headphone jack is not directly part of the phone is actually great !! Shipping was timely , great price and product works as described .
 Does what it 's supposed to do . Headphones play from my sony phone w/o the bulk of the factory model . No button from which to answer incoming calls , though .
 Product works well but does not receive radio signal for the FM radio feature of the Sony phones . I dont use that much so I do n't mind , but otherwise it is very good .
 best , cheapest solution to the mess that Sony creates by not having a proper headphone jack on the phone . I should have ordered two , since i 'm always digging it out of my bag when i want to use it at home .
 This allows me to hook up some good headphones for iPOD-quality music , or to make phone calls in loud places . It is made of sturdy materials . Also , the service was quick and the price was right .
 It does what it 's supposed to do . During the initial couple of days , I had a few problems when the phone did n't detect it but I guess now it works fine . I believe this may have been because the locking mechanism was stiff or something . Works great now !!!
 I have bought three of these things now . from three different companies . And this is the only one that has lasted longer then a week . I am very satisfied .
 When I recieved the adapter I plugged it in and I got static through my headphones and my car stereo that I did n't get with the sony/ericsson original equipment . From the looks of the other reviews this seems to be the exception , not the rule.When I told Eforcity that I was n't happy with this product the company refunded my money no questions asked .
 Wife and I really love this . It is what we dreamed it would be and it did not disappoint . In fact , it surpassed !!
 I bought this for my W580i and my daughter 's W810i . I needed a shorter adapter when I am running and using a sports oriented headphones which has a long cord ; the stock headphones wo n't stay put in my ears . The adapter works perfectly ; I do n't have 2 meters of cords to manage while running anymore.The only feature I wish it has is the built-in microphone of the original adapter . The phone 's mic is disabled while the adapter is plugged in.For its price and intended purpose , it 's definitely a good buy .
 I have no idea why i bought this product , coz soon after buying this i got the wireless bluetooth headphones , well i guess if i goto a party and some one forgets to bring there ipod to the party and they want music and i brought this there i could play music on it , Sony makes awesome products but some times their ego gets in the way , they should make industry standard connectors on their products , so we wo n't have to buy products like this . no offense to the product it works fine .
 This adaptor is great and eforcity service is even greater . My order was shipped immediately , it was on course to arrive in time , however the tracker suddenly mentioned address not deliverable . On checking with USPS they mentioned some mix up at their end resulting in package going back . I sent two emails to eforcity . Got reply in 4 hrs from both , confirming their intention to dispatch another piece and re-confirming address . They shipped without waiting for earlier adaptor to come back . I got my adaptor in time for my out of country visit .
 The physical connection between the adapter and the phone is a little tight , but I 'm sure it will loosen with time . The sound quality is also excellent -LRB- in other words , I do n't feel like the adapter has affected the sound quality of my earbuds -RRB- and it was a great price . Bottom line
 Now I can use my cell phone instead of my IPOD . I also added a micro sd memory card to my phone to be able to carry the most songs I like .
 Awsome works as expected and sound is just as good as out of my ipod ... fast shipping
 I love Sony Ericsson phones and would never buy any other brand , but because of its proprietary headphone jack , I never used to use my c905a for music . With this accessory , I get to use my Sony Ericsson to its full capacity . The product is solid and a great value . I especially like the small size . It barely adds any bulk to the connection between phone and headphones .
 This is the second time I have purchased this because my little cousin grabbed and broke the first one . It performs as advertised and is a greagt savings .
 I have been using this device for several weeks and I can tell you that the unit I received is great ! No problems with the locking prongs -LRB- to the phone -RRB- or the cord itself . The cord does feel a bit lightweight , so it may be advisable to buy a spare if you use your phone while jogging , etc. .
 I think it 's a really nice product , recommendation 100 % , my experience was really comfortable with this product and the price is chipper , and opportunity to buy .
 I received this adapter about two months ago and they stil work fine like if they were brand new with the same sound quality . Whenever I 'm gone from home and I forget my earphones that are compatible with my Sony Ericsson equinox I have this adapter on my truck 's glove compartment take it out and plug it to other earphones and their it is good sound quality with heavy bass .
 Pros : - good protection for Treo , even if dropped - easy to remove Treo - holds up to 4 cc 's / driver 's licenseCons : - must remove Treo to use it - can hold one or two bills of cash ; otherwise , if too thick , velcro strap comes undone - pocket clip is very tight , can be difficult to fully engage on belt , and fall off - no opening for headset cord
 Excellent item , I like it , and very handily . Rapid Car Charger with IC Chip for AT&T ; Sony Ericsson K850 K850i
 So far so good . Anit-Reflective qualities could be better . Do n't think the screen protector can do much to make the situation better in direct sunlight . It does protect the screen wonderfully .
 I love this . So easy to protect the screen.Makes me happy to not worry about a scratch or oil etc from my makeup getting on this screen.Love the product.Thank you !
 Product is very helpful just be careful of the sticky side as not to get smudges on it because it will not go away
 This screen protector is a PERFECT fit for the Samsung Blackjack . Easy to apply AND reusable . I would definitely purchase this again if needed .
 This product is perfect for my Blackjack . The sticker fit right on the screen . They mean what they say when they tell you to clean the screen before you apply it . I have a bit of lint stuck under it . Great protection !
 having a little extra protection on my blackjack II screen is great to have . If the screen does come off , I 'll have to order another .
 This was a short-lived -LRB- on Amazon.com -RRB- product that is awesome ! For those who may carry their PDA-type phones in the field -LRB- and I am in construction -RRB- , having an extra layer of protection that does n't obscure the screen is awesome ! I 'm always dropping my phone or rubbing up against something , so this is a god-send !
 Unlike some other screen protectors , this one does n't come off quickly . The key is to apply it by following the instructions - slowly , step-by-step .
 I broke my other BT and was looking for a cheaper yet good alternative . I read some tech reviews and would agree that the call quality is pretty good . I have n't experienced any static or echos like some others have mentioned . My only big complaint is the buttons are hard to access . The volume buttons ar on the top and bottom like my old unit but these one are set in some . That makes it hard for pressing them if you have larger sized fingers -LRB- like myself simply being a guy -RRB- . The other button is the call/function button that is the back panel you see in the photos . It is difficult because it is towards the back instead of the center -LRB- like it should be -RRB- resulting in the earpiece tilting off of your ear when having to push it . It also is a firm button which I doubt loosens up after more use . I 'm not going to complain anymore though because for the price it 's a reasonable BT .
 Once you start talking on the phone using a Bluetooth Headset , you wo n't want to go back to holding a phone to your ear . The Motorola H3 Bluetooth Headset is a must have . I use it with my RAZR and the sound quality is great . Voice dialing with the H3 is a piece of cake . It 's perfect for use in the car and works great for me and I have a manual transmission . I 'm getting about 8 hours of talk time on a charge ; well over a week on stand by . Pairing up with your RAZR is simple and takes about 30 seconds . It 's a little bigger and a little heavier than the H500 . I 'm assuming they have the same electronic components in each and just a different cosmetic shell . I like the look of this H3 a little more than the H500 . I like the shape better and it 's not as shiny as my H500 but performance and battery life for each has been identical so no complaints here . Volume is excellent for use in any car with the windows rolled up . True , I could n't use it in my Miata with the top down traveling on the highway but I do n't feel that 's a reasonable request for any Bluetooth Headset.One warning to possibly explain those reviews where buyers had issue with this device is to watch out for knock offs on E-Bay . Although I purchased this on E-Bay , the second H500 I bought from E-Bay is what I would say works like a `` Chinese knock off '' . It works but is unreliable . It played the wrong tones to identify a function and too many tones when they were n't required . I 'm wondering if some of the complaints about this device are n't related to knock off items .
 This bluetooth is very nice looking ... I like everything about it ... I got one for my girlfriend and she loves it . The only thing I do n't like about this headset is that if a person is using it outdoors , it tends to have little stactic for the caller . Anyways not bad , if you are indoors most of the time or in a car then this is a great headset for the price .
 When I visited a local retailer , they told me this was the model of bluetooth headset that never gets returned by customers . On that basis , I decided to give it a try . And now , having used it for a week , I can see why it 's rarely returned.Sound quality is just fine for highway driving , even with the volume a couple of notches lower than the maximum setting.Also , I have large , sticky-outy ears , and even on me , the headset is so light and fits so well that I can leave it on there all day . I hardly notice it 's there . It stays on even if I swivel my head quickly when changing lanes.I wo n't be returning mine either , and would have no problem recommending this same model to others .
 Great product only downfall is well talking with people it is hard for them to hear me but fine for me
 When I got my Razor , I decided to get the H3 . I had a 850 with my V557 , which I did n't like much , the phone or headset . I love the razor & have had no problems other 's have described . If you put it on the right ear , the right way , it stays much better than others I 've tried . It is clear as a bell & as far as the echo goes , if you turn the volume down on the headset , wala , the echo goes bye bye . All in all , I 'm very pleased with it . My only complaint is that I do n't seem to be getting the talk & stanby time described by Motorola or the person I got it from on e-bay . For the money , you ca n't beat it !! It cost me 1/3 of the price of the hs850 when they first came out . Always wait a while when a new product comes out-best advice I can give you .
 I just got my black Motorola H3 . . Design : It looks aesthetically pleasing . . actually awesome!The overseas model has a rubberized finish whereas the US model is metallic . This applies to both Black and Silver models.Pairing : It works fine with my Nokia 6230i . Just a breeze to start using it . . Just follow the quick steps in the manual.Feel : It has a solid feel . . The buttons are quite hard to press , infact so hard hat u have to use both ur hands to actually get a grip of them . I would suggest setting the volume to the max before using the headset . . The on/off button in the center works flawlessly and is not that hard to press.The handset doesnt give a good grip over the ear and it feels like its gon na fall off . This is becasue of its `` over-the-ear '' design.Quality : The reception is great even when a few feet away . However , a wall or similar will cause a little disturbance / static . . Thats how bluetooth functions and is not a headset problem.The other party hasnt experienced an ECHO problem yet when I have spoken to them so . . Conclusion : The blend of price , looks and functionality all force me to rate it a 4-star !!
 No comment . Everything is OK ! Regards , Cristian
 This was my third bluetooth within a short amount of time and it is by far the best . The volume buttons are nice and it stays comfortably on your ear
 Strengths : >> Work Perfect with my Motorola Razr V3 . >> Slim , Sleek , Sexy >> Great Speaker and Mic.Weaknesses
 I 've been through a good couple of headsets in a short amount of time and I must say that this is the 1st one that has worked the best for me . It 's small and comfortable and the battery life is just right . Many if the others i 've had like to die about 30 mins into a conversation . Also I can walk around my apt and even check my mail and still have a strong signal !!!
 Motorola has the Bluetooth phone market cornered ! I have been using only Motorola phones and Bluetooth head phones for three + years and find every head phone ear piece to work well with all of the mobile devices owned during the recent past.HS810 ear piece w/V600H3 black ear piece w/SLVRHS810 ear piece w/V551HS810 ear piece w/V557H3 black ear piece w/V557If you drive a quiet vehicle -LRB- not a buzz buggy -RRB- the Bluetooth ear piece -LRB- s -RRB- work well .
 I have a Nokia 6230 and purchased this headset from Compusa recently . Used to have a Nokia HDW-3 but the battery died and unable to find a cheap replacement battery.Pros : The unit is solidly made and easy to setup . The mute function work well , the volume is good -LRB- no DSP -RRB- and sound quality matches my old Nokia . Unlike a lot of loop headsets , this does n't seem like it 'll break/fall off as I tend to put it in my pocket when unused.Pairs fine with my Mac and you can turn off the blue light if needed . Charger is a small flip-prong type and reasonable at 2 hours to charge . Battery talk time is good although it 's unclear what type of battery it has internally . The audio cues are fairly logical.Cons : Not the most comfortable headset I 've tried . Prefer the in-ear like the Sony HBH-IV835 but I decided to keep this one instead as DSP might suck .
 I ca n't understand all the negativity about this earpiece/headset . I have been through three other types and models and this is the best one for me so far.I like the fact I can use the same charger for my Motorola Slvr 7L phone and this headset.Setting-up was a breeze . Easy to pair with the phone.The on-off button is great.The battery life lasts a long time . Even with my headset on most of the time and all the talking I do , it lasts a long time on one charge . I have had this model for two weeks now and I have had to charge this only twice , once a week.It fits great on my ear . And has n't fallen off yet . It fits so well and comfortably , it is so light , that I wear it all day long . And even sometimes I forget I am wearing it.There has been a couple of cases where I experienced a little static but it never lasted very long . I have had no problems with the volume or controls . I hear great . Even while driving the sound quality is just great.This is a great Bluetooth headset . I recomended it .
 Strengths
 This is a very well made product with some design flaws . The belt clip is too small and does not sucure properly to belt wider than 1 inch . Also the belt clip is does not have a quick release feature .
 The phone has just the right amount of room in the case easy to get out.The case is very dressy or looks good with blue jeans . Thanks
 The phone slides smoothly in and out of the pouch . It looks good . I have n't had it long enough to know how long the swivel clip will last out or how long before the leather pouch starts fraying , but I have no complaints now .
 Good one for the price . You should not compare it with the case logic case in terms of quality
 I 've been using this stylish and finely constructed leather case for my RAZR , and it is proving to be very durable ; it still looks new . Magnetic snap closes the case securely , yet it is easy to open . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 this item was reviewed when purchased in 2007 -- easy transaction , husband wrote good review on his purchase
 It was impossible to find an actual retail outlet that had this particular phone charger in stock , a little web surfing and voila ! Product arrived promptly and as promised . And you ca n't beat the price .
 After I ordered this item , I received it in 4 days . It was really fast and I was impressed .
 The ad implies that this battery is better than the ` stock ' battery . I find that it is not any better . It 's basically the same battery with the same level of performance , but it is an adequate replacement since my original cell battery is slowly dying of old-age !
 This item arrived quickly . It 's the one I needed to replace a highly used one .
 The battery live is similar to the original battery . no problems so far.no cons .
 I know people might be concerned by it 's cheap look and origin , but actually this battery serves good . I bought it last year and it 's still working same .
 Great Value with super fast delivery . Highly recommend and will do business with them in the future .
 My new battery came in a timely fashion and wasexactly as noted . Thank you .
 battery works just as well as the battery that came with the phone . i wish it had a longer battery life but its typical for any nokia battery most likely
 This is a kewl case nice color I dropped my phone and nothing happened nothing broke I 'm definitely going to buy another case .
 What can you say ? It works as described . It provides a glowing light to let you know that it 's receiving power and to annoy you while driving at night . It works flawlessly with the iPhone 4 .
 Its definitely a good quality charger.I have used to charge my iphone a couple of times.No complaints . So , I 'm happy about it but thats about all I can tell about this productHappy shopping!Sheeba
 I am very happy with the product I bought , several people have commented that they were looking for the same thing but could n't find it in any stores . I just told them to go to Amazon and they would find it there !
 in my opinion , v-tech is tops in quality of merchandise and replacement parts . if they make a replacement part for another company item , i would prefer v-tech over the original for many products .
 This will hopefully help others who may encounter the same issue I did with my batteries for my two phones . One worked great and the second did n't work right at all . The hassle of returning them was more then the batteries cost so I decided to use my superior skills at deduction - just call me Sherlock . One of the contacts was siting a little too low to make contact with either the charger or the phone except for rare instances which caused erratic behavior . The difference was VERY slight . The black holder snapped apart easily and I slightly bent the contact . Now they both work great . What do you expect for the very cheap price but a little lower quality control so do n't complain !
 I had ordered two batteries and one was dead . I received an e-mail right away and before I knew it , a replacement was here . The product is a bit tight to fit but once in it works great and holds a charge well . Great service and good communication . I highly recommend this company .
 My V-tech system is at least 8 years old and the battery in handset # 3 was no longer holding it 's charge . -LRB- It lost the base as soon as it was removed or when the phone rang , so it was useless for making or receiving calls . -RRB- Even with some complaints about batteries being DOA , the super low price made me take the plunge . And I 'm glad I did ! I experienced no issues with fit or charge . The replacement popped right in and found the base in less than 3 seconds . With 3 more handsets , when/if any of those batteries go , I 'll be back for more . I ca n't see spending good money to replace or update phones for landline service , so I 'm sticking with my V-tech for as long as I continue to have home phone service . As of now , with the great price on these replacements , nothing less than 5 stars ! If I should have any problems over the next several months with the battery no longer holding it 's charge , or if I have less than stellar performance with the next replacement , I will update .
 After searching for the best price , to replace my old phone batteries , the 3 I purchased cost less than one battery , of similar quality , from a local Battery Store . I am pleased that I am not answering a dead phone anymore .
 It arrived quickly , it fit perfectly into the phone , it was partly charged out of the box so that the phone came to life immediately , and over the next few hours it took a full charge . It 's doing what it 's supposed to do and the price was OK .
 I bought 5 batteries and all work ; much cheaper than OEM - So far they perform like the OEM batteries - only had them a few weeks , so its too soon to say how long they will last , but well worth the price .
 I replaced the batteries in my 2 Vtech model 2020 phones with these batteries . I had read that they did not fit tightly but mine `` click in '' just like the old ones . The new ones looked exactly the same as the old ones . I was ready to use the piece of foam as suggested in other reviews but I did n't need it . The first charging went well , no overheating -LRB- or fires ! -RRB- . The shipping was very fast , got them in two days . Considering that I almost spent $ 40.00 at BB for replacement batteries and that these the total was under $ 10.00 with fast shipping ! Too new to know about battery life but I believe that these will last as long as the original batteries . Teac is a great company to do business with .
 Ordered 2 . Only 3 weeks experience , so performance is unknown . Excellent service from vendor .
 Really pleased with this product so far . Holds charge like original batteries and our cordless phones get a lot of use off the charger . Will pick up a couple more for the other 2 phones when their batteries give out . Hopefully they hold up for the 6 + years the original ones did !
 For the price , it is very good product and it works well . Surely I will buy it again since I still have the same type of phone .
 With one battery at Best Buy costing at least $ 18.95 , in no way could I pass up this deal . Even though shipping was more than the 3 batteries I purchased , it was still worth the deal as you can tell from the aforementioned price of one locally . I bought 3 batteries to replace in our Vtech phones and am delighted with the performance . I wish I would have done so sooner !! Everythng went as well as expected with this purchase !
 Works well in a Vtech 5831 cordless phone . Retention clips in the phone 's battery compartment did not fully engage with sides of battery , but a small piece of foam between battery and battery cover serves to secure the battery with no problems .
 I replaced the batteries in two cordless phones with this product . Those phones are working just fine now .
 Performs as well if not better than the original . Took a few hours to charge and then I was back to using my phones as usual . Very nice !
 I 'm on a limited income , and after searching extensively for a replacement battery for my phone , both in stores and online , I finally found one that did the job . This battery set far exceeded my expectations , and as for cost , the best deal on the market . The normal replacement that I could find was approx $ 10 more and was the minimun standard . For the price of this set , it was 21/2 times the power and extended the talk time on the phone by HOURS . Great Product , Thank You .
 Well I must say that I had this battery in my VTech phone for barely 2 weeks now , but the battery is working as well as the one that came originally with the phone . It supposedly takes 16 hours to charge fully , but the batteries I received already held 1/2 a full charge , so within a few hours , the phone was ready to be used . These batteries will go into immediate use in my 87 year-old grandmother 's phones . She relies on that Vtech 2431 phone and these batteries were just the perfect fit and as far as I can tell , last just as long as the originals ... at least so far!Anyone with an applicable phone would do well to order through DBRoth and bypass large markets like Best Buy or Circuit City ... that is unless you just ca n't wait !
 So far so good -- the battery fit and charged and performed exactly as advertised .
 So far , so good . Minor issue , no big deal
 This is a very good battery . Made my Vtech phones good as new . Good price ; good ; quality ; fast delivery . Perfect !!!
 These work much better than the ni-cad batteries I replaced . They hold a charge for almost a week if I keep the phone off the cradle -LRB- just wanted to find out ! -RRB- . Day to day use and replacing on the cradle and you forget about these . Hats off to a battery that works so well you can take it for granted .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner and has preformed excellently . Thus far the battery does not appear to develop a memory and holds a charge very well .
 I had purchased a different replacement battery a year or so ago and it would n't hold a charge for very long . I bought two of these this time and I 'm very happy that they fit my Vtech phones and they hold a charge ... at least they have been for the month or so I 've had them . I would purchase this item again and from this vendor .
 I have been using two of these for a few weeks now and both are working great .
 The best about this phone is dual card slots , GPS , flip cover , and keypad . Most new GPS phones in the market now doesnt support SDIO SD card slot , they only support mini SD . Therefore this hw6515 has a great advantage over all other PDA phone . Wifi can be added with the new Spectec mini SD wifi card , which will save you the SDIO slot for adding extra storage -LRB- up to 4GB -RRB- or SDIO devices such as radio , scanner , etc.The bad things about this phone are no wifi , 240x240 screen , and poor battery life -LRB- compare to other PDA phone , although hp released a extended battery of 1800mAh , the standard 1200mAh only support you about 1-2 days -RRB- . Quad band and GPS that makes it special among many other PDA phone in market now . The maximum amount of external memory can be added is 6GB -LRB- 4GB SD and 2GB mini SD -RRB-
 bought this device for the use of the daily planner option -LRB- calender -RRB- . Plus , I get to sync with my PC . Plays music great ! wish I had an SDIO card . Its has worked very well for me as a Pocket PC but the mobile communication features , I have yet to fully utilize . I still have not figured out how to get the phone on loud speaker !
 I recently got a cell phone and my friend said you must have a protective cover on it ... in case you drop ... and it will happen . I looked around and thought the prices for these covers were outrageous . My co-worker found this one on-line and I bought it due to price only . It is a great cover and two of my friends bought them too . I also liked it came in many colors and also it have top loading ability too . One of my friends got the top loading one . I prefer the side load . Thanks Amazon for a great product .
 My daughter loves her pink leather pouch for her Motorola RAZR V3 .
 I recently bought this unit ; it seems to be working fine . Although the range of the unit is not great , about 10 feet when obstacles are present . I did some testing and found that if in line of sight the range is close to the 30 feet . I have yet to try the unit with the included adaptor , I have a Bluetooth enabled phone -LRB- Sony Ericsson t68 -RRB- . It seems to be working fine with the functions built into the phone . The battery life so far has been great ; I leave it on my desk all day and charge it at night . The coolest thing about it is that I never have to take my phone out of my pocket when I get a call ; I just put the thing in my ear and push the answer button . A problem with the T68 is that it has two modes for Bluetooth , one constantly on , and automatic . With `` on '' the battery life of the phone is diminished but you can use advanced options like voice dialing by only using the headset . With `` automatic '' , the phone will ask you if you want to answer a call with the headset and if you do n't press `` no '' then it is sent to the headset . So you save power on the phone . The size of the headset is very small . Not as small as the Jabra headset , but not large enough to be a distraction . It is very light and has pretty strait forward buttons . I have heard that this headset has been docked because of it quietness , I have had no problems with it not being loud enough . I even use it while driving with the window down . I would recommend this product although some stores offer it for under 60 bucks , I think I would try other products if it were much more then that .
 I find this is much better than choking myself at 65mph on a wired headsets cord when turning my head to see who is next to me before changing lanes . With this unit I have total freedom of movement while talking on my cell phone . Tried a friends unit for 3 days , loved it , cant wait to get my own.As for the other reviewer named `` Daniel '' I think you had your adapter part to close to the antenna of your cell phone . and if your using this on a home phone , you may get interference if its a 2.4 ghz phone , as the bluetooth technology also uses the 2.4 ghz radio frequencies . Again , if the adapter part is close to the antenna of your 2.4 ghz home cordless phone , expect the interference . This headset seems mainly for use on mobile , not cordless phones .
 I was excited when I received this product in the mail . Kudos to Plantronics for cutting edge Industrial Design and small form factor . It looks a lot bigger in pictures , but was pleased to see that it is actually nice and small and fits well on my ear . I am bluetooth novice , but was able to set up the unit quite well . It worked well with my wife 's Sony Ericsson T68i but did n't work with the Nokia 3650 . The 3650 seems to have a lot of compatibility issues with bluetooth and now the only one that works -LRB- as of Aug-03 -RRB- is the Jabra unit , which has been revised to work with the 3650 . The Nokia is able to `` discover '' the headset , but can not connect to it . The only way to use it is to get the M1500-N1 model and plug the sleek adapter into the phone . This defeats the purpose of going wireless . The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because it is hard to tell when the unit is on or off . A few tries of on/off/on / off will tell you . The reason is that the unit lights up for 3 seconds when it first goes on , but then the light goes off . When you switch off the unit it beeps , but again , if you miss the light or the beep , you will keep guessing . Great step in the right direction , good job Plantronics !
 True to their reputation , Plantronics has engineered a great wireless solution for non-Bluetooth phones . They got all of the basics right : - Setup was very easy , and my only question was promptly answered by a support rep on their free and toll-free help line . - The headset is comfortable to wear and sound quality on the microphone and the speaker are excellent . - The on/off , mute and volume controls are very ergonomically placed and intuitive to use . - Both the adapter and the headset are rechargeable with a single adapter . - The price -LRB- street price , that is , not list price -RRB- is very reasonable . - I have found that the headset works quite reliably in most settings , including office buildings , city streets , commuter trains , etc.On the downside , this is a first-generation product , and some of the kinks remain to be worked out : - Establishing a connection between the headset and the adapter sometimes requires two or three tries , especially when the battery starts to run low . - The belt pouch needs work . In particular , the elastic loop that holds the headset is not as secure as it should be . I would prefer something that clicks solidly into place and releases with a button or lever . - Battery life is decent , but you can wear them down with a single day of heavy usage -LRB- 2-3 hours of talk time , spread out over several calls . -RRB- - At least once , the headset simply started misbehaving and would not establish a connection . Resetting the headset by powering it off and then back on solved the problem . - The volume maxes out at a level that to my ear is `` medium '' volume . There 's just no way to make it truly loud , and sometimes you need loud volume to compete with ambient noise , or to converse with a soft-spoken person on the other end.All in all , I think this is a fantastic solution . Futuristic technology that really works , at a decent price . I 'm very happy with it .
 seller delivered item in very timely manner . ear plug seems to work pretty well ... i 've had a little trouble w / static and one time , a total inability to hear other party .
 I had an earpiece like this one that broke so I bought it again because I liked it so much . It stays firmly on the ear without being uncomfortable and I can hear perfectly clearly and people tell me they hear me clear too . I 'd buy it again .
 I wish more people would be safer drivers and purchase one of these ! I have tried other headsets with boom pieces and earbuds , and nothing seems to stay in my ear well ! This flexible ear piece is great , feels great . I hear just fine and have heard no abnormal complaints from the people I am speaking on the cell with . Normal wear and tear is the only reason I 'm replacing this now , and I 'm not even interested in shopping around for another brand . This is it ! My only complaints are
 Very comfortable and simple headset . However , not compatible with some Samsung models of the phones .
 For the price and excellent sound , nothing beats it.Most people I called never knew I was using headset . The ear bud stays in the ear thanks to its design although it 's a little tight and may bother some people but with time , it becomes natural . Much better than other headsets I tried in the past -LRB- even better than bluetooth -RRB- .
 I seldom gave comments . But this time I really want to sharemy experience with you . This set is definitely the best one I got . It is so cheap but so great !!! It is very comfortable , very small , very compact ! And the most important thing is that its sound quality is very very good ! I love it so ~ ~ ~ much . I have used it for one month , it never had a problem . In fact , I was on my cell phone more than 3 hours per day , so you will know how much I need a good ear headset . And this is exactly what I want !!! Believe me you will love it too .
 hav n't had one issue with this product nor have I had any problems with anything made by Plantronics . great headset .
 Great headpiece for all us out there who have n't gotten that new bluetooth enabled phone or just think those wireless headsets are just too damn clunky and doofy !!! Anyway this piece is great
 This is the only headset I 've tried that actually does n't fall out or hurt . The part that wraps around the ear is flexable and keeps the earpeice close enough to the ear to hear well . No constant pushing to keep it in , like a plain earbud or even one of those jelly type things . Also , it is not big and obvious looking . The mic picks up sound very well . When talking to another person , they could n't tell I was using a headset . I was worried that without a boom , that the mic may not be able to pick up my voice as well . Not so . Even with my car radio on , my conversations get through just fine . Excellent quality and worth the price . In fact , my husband borrowed it and wo n't give it back ! Guess I 'll buy another one .
 I am very surprised how well the microphone works without sounding distant or like a speakerphone . I 've even tested it myself by calling a couple of my own different voice mail boxes and leaving messages . And no one on the other end during conversations has had any problem hearing me , or even seems to know that I am on anything other than a regualar handset . I use this headset with a Plantronics 900mhz wireless transmitter with handset lifter with a business phone system . Ironically , even the Plantronics rep advised against using one of the cell phone line of headsets with their office phone headset amplifiers , but did n't offer much reason why , maybe because they retail for $ 100 less . But I wanted something very small and simple to wear while I am on and off the phone at work . I will have to say the wirelss headset amp that I use does have different settings for both headset and microphone , so maybe I have it set just right to compensate for whatever difference there is between cordless phone and cell phone headsets , if there is any difference at all . All I know is that I hav n't had to mess with the settings at all and it works excellent , no more trying to do a two handed job at work while holding a office phone handset in one hand or on my neck . As for the special ear hook design , I did n't like it . It 's ok to wear for say less than 10 minutes , but any longer than that , and my ear would get sore from the inside and out , I guess because of the slight bit of pressure from the rubber ear hook . The hook also makes it a bit difficult to take in and out quickly with one hand when answering calls . But I liked the quality of the phone so much , I deciced to modify it . I ripped off the rubber ear hook , and ground the edge down smooth , so now I have a regualar earbud headset ! Easy to take in and out and works excellent .
 I purchased this headset earlier this year to use primarily at home . The design is comfortable for an in-the-ear device , and it stays in place quite well . The speaker sound quality is very good , but the microphone leaves something to be desired . When I use it outside on the street , my friends often can not hear my voice , and even in a quiet room , people complain that it can be difficult to hear.All in all , a useful headset .
 I have so dang many headsets at home I could open a store . A friend gave me this one after he listened to me complain about the one I was using . This is the BEST headset out there . The sound quality is superb as is the voice quality -LRB- no one even knows I am talking on my cell -RRB- . And I LOVE the earplug set up ! When I finally figured out how to put it on so it would be comfortable I have to say it 's so comfortable I forget it 's there . I hate to admit it but , I frequently make a fool of myself getting out of my Cruiser then getting my head yanked back into the car because I 'm still hooked to the phone . I highly recommend this headset , more so than the one that looks the same but has a short adjustable boom mike . Of course , I am a diehard Plantronics fan . Best quality headsets out there . Ca n't beat the quality of sound , lack of interference or comfort . Go for it .
 I have been using this headset for years . I even bought one for my wife and she loves it too . It is very comfurtable on the ear when driving . You leave it there and pull it down a bit when you get a call . I have tried dozens of headsets and this is the only one both my wife and I like .
 I have tried many headsets and this is absolutely the best one I 've used yet . The sound is great on both ends , it is so easy to put on and it is very comfortable . The thing I love about it the most is that it is so small and compact . It is very hard to find the right headset . I 've tried 7 headsets and this is the best one . My bluetooth was too heavy , the sound quality was n't good and the voice activation did n't work properly . I 've had headsets that were too big to fit in a pocket and took up too much room in my purse , some are too obtrusive on your face , another was very heavy and had really bad sound quality . One would fall out of my ear another one hurt my ear . Another one I had took too long to put on and by the time it was on my ear I 'd miss a call . This one is small , easy to transport and practically invisible on the face . It is very comfortable , easy to put on , stays in place , and has great sound . It 's the best one I 've tried .
 This is the best `` teardrop '' -LRB- small dangling microphone -RRB- low-profile design headset I 've seen . The only one that compares is the `` Motorola Hands Free Silver Headset for all Motorola Headset Compatible Phones '' which does n't stay in as well , but has a better distance between the mic and the earphone . But the problem with both is that they break easily .
 Overall , I like this product . It is easy to put on and use . However , I have a smallish ear canal and could wish for a smaller or softer plug for prolonged use . Short-term , it 's okay , though . Of course , I 'm not sure that I could find anything smaller ...
 I got this headset last week and it works like a charm ! I have n't used it while I was n't driving so I 'm not sure about the range though , but otherwise from what I do know about it , it really works great ! I have my hands back ! I feel like a much safer driver . plus , it kinda looks sexy , I feel all professional ! lol .
 I just changed to this cell phone and I love it . The pictures and video are easy to take , adjust , and send . Being able to type on a keyboard is so convenient even if you are n't using the internet . It makes entering information and sending text messages so much easier . The speakers and visuals are very clear and make playing games very enjoyable . A great phone even if you do n't want to pay for all the extra features .
 This phone is great . Forget text messaging machine and complete entertainment system w / mp3 , vcast video and web access . It has the Verizon GIN app called VZ Navigator a turn by turn gps system . Functions exactly as a built in car navigation unit for only 2.99 for a day or 9.99 for a monthly charge it beats paying $ 1500 to have one put in your car .
 Ok , I know I said that the Sony Erricson s710 was the best phone that I have EVER had . Well , that was until I attained the LG VX9800 . A mobile phone unlike just about any other cell phone created . This particular mobile phone is not JUST a cell phone . It is also an mp3 player , a digital camera and camcorder with a 1.3 megapixel lense . You can take very intriguing shots with this device , but these wonderful features are n't what makes this mobile phone unique . The thing that makes this particular phone unique and very user friendly is it 's texting ability . Turn the phone to it 's right side and you can flip it open revealing not just a keyboard for texting but also two speakers with major out-put for various sounds and music . There are other accessories that come with this mobile phone but they , of course , you have to purchase separately . I suggest this mobile phone for everyone , it 's fun , unique , classy and very affordable .
 I love this phone , the first cool phone that I have ever had , and I am extatic about it ! Keyboard takes some getting used to , and the front keys around the click wheel thing -LRB- clear send end voice and the two top buttons -RRB- are a little cumbersome . Bluetooth feature is awesome . Overall a rugged -LRB- dropped on my roof -RRB- phone . still holding together well .
 I have had at least 5 different phones , and this one is the best so far ! It 's got a lot of great features -LRB- all which have been mentioned from other reviewers -RRB- , but let me tell you a few downfalls
 Maybe I 'm a little biased
 They keypad is incredibly easy to type on its like typing on a real keyboard . Despite not having an antenna it get pretty good reception . the camera takes awesome photos . there is no camera mode on the menu you have to hold down the button on the side . It has a crystal clear screens . and the speaker phone is works well because of the duel speakers . there are alot of options but the phone is still easy to use and figure out . the phone i had before this was the samsung A670 and both my parents have the razr and this is so much better .
 I drive a tow truck and find its easy to use keyboard and GPS navigation great ! Sound quality is good , MP3 player is a nice extra . . Works well with bluetooth headset , everyone admires it at work . . Only Con I can think of is that playing games on it is not too great for lack of good way to control ... If keys were re-mappable it would be ok ...
 Ive had this phone for like 6 months now and i am still figuring out new things . I love this phone though . The pictures are perfect , it takes way better pictures then most other phone because it has a built in digital camera that also takes videos . The keyboard is awsome also , i text people a LOT and it comes in so handy it lets me type faster because i am so used to my computer and you can also get unlimited internet for 5 dollers a month so i am constantly using that along with aim on the phone so they keyboard really does the trick . Everyone that i know always askes to see my phone no matter how many times they do , ive actually had two people i kno buy the same phone because of how much they liked mine . I recomend this phone to everyone this is the best phone ive ever seen and there are a bunch more features that i failed to mention but you have to get this phone and check it out for yourself beccause this is by far the best phone out there !
 This Phone is the best electronic device I ever owned . First of all , for the review that said that the keyboard does n't light up , he or she was wrong , it does light up . The speakerphone works perfectly . The Camera take perfect pictures . The earpiece is great . And when I talk to someone , on it , they say they can hear me great . This phone is very easy to operate . I would reccomend this phone to anyone . This is a perfect phone .
 Well getting the phone for $ 119 with amazon rebates is just great ! ... I am very impressed with the phone and its capabilities . . To get the most out of this phone , you will need :1 -RRB- To backup and edit images , calender , ringtones : * USB Data cable and software , check here on amazon for the susteen usb data package , its like $ 452 -RRB- to store movies , mp3 and also pictures : * miniSD card -LRB- up to 1GB - check ebay for deals -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a great phone with vcast from Verizon and the internet it will keep many a husband fully occupied as the wife is in the store shopping , and you are watching TV and surfing the net . Get Superpages.com its amazing how fast and easy its to get directions and business names.The fact you can surf the internet and not have to pay for the data plan with this phone is great . excellent sound with its stereo speakers and the ability to listen to mp3 's and never miss a call .
 I owned this phone for several months after getting it from a friend of my father 's who had it since new several months ago , so this phone has had quite the lifespan . Sadly the screen ribbon cord dried up and cracked , the charger port is damaged -LRB- due to overheating because of overcharging -RRB- , the battery no longer holds a charge , and the normal `` Lets restart every few minutes '' glitch that all cells eventually get . It will also not get a signal , I believe its due to an antenna issue.With all of that , its a fairly old phone and did me VERY well , highly recommended !
 1 . Awesome speakers ... best of breed .2 . Awesome mike ... while using loudspeaker . . my friend on the other side prefers that I use the loudspeaker mode . Way too good .3 . Excellent GPS . The extra resolution on the inside screen helps when you 're viewing maps . Plus , the keyboard is exactly what you want when typing source and destination addresses .4 . Little too thick , but since its packed with features , its a good trade off .6 . Good reception . Voice clarity could be a shade better , but its not a show stopper .
 This is the best phone I have ever owned . The possibilities are endless with Vcast , Bluetooth , Mp3 player w / microsoft technology , and more . Its easy to use and the keyboard makes it even easier to text and look online instead of using the numbered keys . The stereo speakers with the equalizer make this phone sound incredible . The inner screen has amazing resolution for taking pictures , video , playing games or just looking online . The 1.3 MP camera takes pics or video with flash thats as good as any 35mm camera i 've ever seen . I bought a 1GB mini SD memory card for this phone which lets me store Music -LRB- mp3 -RRB- , video , and unlimited pics . All in all Im thrilled with this phone , it has surpassed what i thought any phone could ever do .
 overall I love this phone ! It has all the cool features that I want and i love the text messaging and the keyboard . But i am conserned about the battery life , but other than that minor worry , the phone is excellent ! Good service and sleek and cool phone . Highly recommended .
 Hi , I got this phone about two weeks ago and I have to say I LOVE THIS PHONE !!!!!! It is amazing . Every morning I watch South Park and the Today show while I am going to work on it . Also I listen to my MP3 's with it . You need to buy a mini SD card to hold alot of songs but it will hold about 10 songs with out it . Also I get my AIM on the go and I also get ALL OF MY E-MAIL ON IT !!! . The only bad thing about it is that it dos n't get real internet . It only gets cell phone internet . It does have a URL thing but the phone dos n't have enough memory to load alll of the pages . You can view Amazon and EBAY on it but they are the mobile versons . Overall I give it 5 out of 5 stars . This is a great phone for kids . I also love the T-Mobile sidekick but I hate there servise . If I could start over again I would have bought a sidekick because it gets the internet but I do still love this phone !!!!!
 I like MP3 and a big screen . Also , external memory card slot which allows me to extends over 1GB ... I downloaded mp3 files and Mpeg4 files into this phone from PC -LRB- using USB -RRB- . When I played the music and movies , I was stunned . Much better than expected . This is a really true multimedia phone .
 Have you ever owned a Swiss Army knife ? It is an ingenious knife but it is a tad bulky compared to a normal pocket knife . It combines many different specialty tools into one device that are easy to keep on hand when you need them . If you have the need for those tools it is a life saver . This in a nutshell describes the VX9800 which is a complex multifunction cell phone communicator at a ridiculously low price.I like it so much that I have cut down carrying my widescreen laptop by seventy five percent ! The VX9800 is just so easy to use!As a cell phone it has all the bells and whistles of a normal cellular phone but in spades.BIG PHONE BOOKThe built in phone book has room for 1000 contacts . Each contact may have multiple numbers with the mobile number the first choice . This makes sense since if you call another Verizon mobile the call is FREE of cellular charges . Why call your family on the landline if you can get them on a cell phone at no cost and chat forever ? I use over 3000 cellular voice minutes a month but only about 350 are minutes that are billable and they are covered by my basic plan . By the way check and see if your company has an agreement with Verizon to promote their service . I get a modest twenty percent discount off my basic cell bill as long as I work for my current employer . Most of my fellow employees have no idea that is a basic benefit as they have never asked.Now for what makes the VX9800 phone book special . Each of those 1000 contacts may have photo or picture as well as a special ringtone associated with them . This photo will display on the outside when receiving and DURING a call or a larger one inside when you open the phone up . Some other phones will display a photo only while the phone is ringing which is dumb since most may answer the phone without looking to see who is calling . There is something special about looking at the person whom you are talking to and it makes for a great new experience with the VX9800 . When the incoming call matches the number of one of your contacts there is an advanced setting where you can have the phone in an English woman 's voice announce who is calling before it rings ! Yes it is an English lady , LGE the VX9800 manufacturer is an English corporation . This announcement can even be heard over your headset wired or Bluetooth . Your callers picture , voice announcement , caller details on all displays also , slick - very slick!An instant jump to any part of your 1000 entry phone book is possible by tapping one of the keys with the flip open is part of the fast search possible with this phone . The top of the display displays how many matches your search fits as you add more letters or numbers.You can call anyone in the phone book by speaking their name by opening the flip , pressing the space key and then saying CALL SOMEONE -LRB- or by pressing the number one key -RRB- and then the person 's name or part of a person 's name as listed in the phone book.You can also do this with the flip closed after you are familiar with the phone and its many features.When the flip is open it activates a powerful speaker phone that allows you HANDS FREE operation of the phone using VOICE COMMAND.VOICE COMMANDThis is an advanced option on many of Verizon 's new phones . The phone understands it when you sayCALL SOMEONEDIGIT DIALMISSED CALLSMESSAGESVOICE MAILTIME AND DATEMost are self evident as to what they cause the phone to do . But there is a sleeper in there . You can by using the advanced menus cause the VX9800 to not only tell you if you have new written messages but it will open them and READ THEM OUTLOUD to you . While driving and you need to keep your eyes on the road this is SLICK - VERY SLICK!BLUETOOTHAll these neat features make for a phone you could talk on all day long . You may need the extended battery or else just pop for a mobile charger to keep the phone at its peak capacity . I have an extended battery around here somewhere but I have misplaced it and I do n't miss it very much as this phone lasts and lasts.But once you move to BLUETOOTH you will avoid having that cramp in your arm from trying to hold the phone to your head . Be aware that this phone has an unusually SMALL BLUETOOTH ANTENNA . That means you can not enjoy some of the newer tiny Bluetooth headsets that also use a very tiny antenna as the connection between phone and headset will be too weak . Also if you get near any 2400 MHZ wireless devices there will be static on your Bluetooth connection . Be careful in selecting your Bluetooth headset and you will be happy with the VX9800 . I took back over a half dozen before setting on a couple of them.When my wife is sick I like shopping for her using the VX9800 on my belt and a wireless Bluetooth headset while talking to her as I pass each item in the store . To others they must think you are another crazy talking to yourself unless they know what that is in your ear.HACKING THE VX9800You can also connect to your laptop using Bluetooth and if you are slick you can tether your laptop to the internet via Bluetooth with the VX9800 but I think it is more trouble than it is worth plus you can make Verizon very mad at you if you do something dumb like abuse their EVDO bandwidth . A USB cable works better for this and makes it possible for you to really abuse your phone account to the point where you will get an outrageous updated phone bill from Verizon for this abuse . But if you are modest in what you do they will not say a word as you will be under their abuse radar.You may use a piece of PC software called BITPIM to make certain modifications to your VX9800 that allows for free ringtones and such from your own MP3 files . Search HOWARDFORUMS DOT COM and PHONESCOOP DOT COM for information on how to do this . There is a VX6K YAHOOGROUP mailing list that also covers the VX9800.You can open any VX9800 to the inside command screen and type in SEVEN ZEROS to get to a hidden setup screen with dozens of settings that Verizon does not want you to know about or use.You can clear the ERI banner and if you desire add one of your own to the two screens . This is from TOOLS - SETTINGS - DISPLAY - BANNERSYou can change the location of where files are stored from the built in internal 128 MB of internal memory to an optional 1024MB mini SD card . That way you can move pictures from your phone to your PC and back without paying Verizon like you have to on most all other Verizon phones.EDVO and VCASTIf you live in an EDVO area VCAST is a no brainier . This is a slick service that allows you to download commercial free video clips of TV broadcasts from CBS , CNN , FOX , and ABC . This seems to vary a little from day to day as to which channels are listed . I watch the news while eating lunch with the VX9800 open - sitting on the table in a restaurant . When traveling in my work I check out the weather from the Weather Channel and Accu Weather . Sports are available in both Spanish and English which delights some of my Hispanic friends . There is a whole range of other video including Sesame Street and Cartoons . This is buried in many VCAST menus and takes quite a bit of exploring to locate what you may want.VCAST includes free use of Mobile Web 2 without any minute usage charges . MW2 is very fast in an EVDO area , faster in rendering pages than my high speed cable . If you have a poor EVDO signal VCAST and MW2 is slower . If you have no EVDO all you can do is MW2 at the same speed you would get on lesser phones . But it nice to be in the mountains of Kentucky and be able to pull up a current radar display of the weather using MW2.EMAILDumb clucks and those on a business account may opt for Verizon 's $ 20 GET IT NOW email package but by using MW2 and the new MOBILE GMAIL you can access your normal GMAIL accounts for reading and replying to email anywhere in the world at no charge . You can even view PDF , MSWORD , and photo attachments to your email using the new MOBILE GMAIL portal.VIDEOYou can download 3gp video to our SD card and play them on the VX9800 . The VX6K yahoogroup has a number of these video clips in its file area . I have the entire movie of FINDING NEMO along with about fifty other video clips on my phone with room to spare.MUSIC , AUDIOBOOKS , PODCASTSYou have access to a great built in MP3 and MIDI player with EQUALIZER . There is even a special setting for 3D audio which works pretty good for tunes . These are all easy to use without any special knowledge or actions . The only stupid part in the design of the menus for this is you have to look under GET IT NOW where the last option is MP3 player . I use the FREE iTunes software from Apple to rip CD 's for this phone and also to download Podcasts for this phone . make sure you change the import setting to MP3 instead of the default Apple format AAC.Basically this SWISS ARMY KNIFE of a cellphone is A MINIATURE ENTERTAINMENT CENTER that goes everywhere with you.VX9800 CAMERAThe VX9800 has a decent 1.3 mega pixel camera as found in many current cell phones . I use it to snap pictures of my contacts for my PHONEBOOK.The VX9800 features a ` night mode ' which sets the exposure time higher , allowing more light into the lens . There is at the cost of having to hold the camera perfectly still while using the night mode . The flash allows a faster picture and more reliable results when you are taking a photo of a person if you are very close to the subject . He must remain perfectly still during the exposure if you are to succeed in using only the night mode on him . The night mode gives greater color depth even when used indoors during the day but at a cost of the much longer time to make the exposure.You really need natural sunlight for great pictures . This phone is n't that great for taking pictures of an indoor party . The photos will be too dark . I have to position people of color under or near a bright light to get an indoor photo that may be acceptable.One cool feature of the VX9800 is the Dual LCD mode . When activated , both the internal and external screen display the camera image which is good for taking self portraits using the built-in self timer . Also , the camera has a macro switch , which is useful for taking pictures of close up text.The VX9800 has a business card reader option where it can take a picture of a business card and recognize the text on it . It will then store the text into a contact file . The feature works well but I think it is faster to enter the contact information using the phones excellent thumb keypad.There is much more I could tell you about the VX9800 and I may do so in a future edit of this message but I am tired of typing so I will conclude that you get a BIG BANG for YOUR BUCK with Verizon 's VX9800.Let Amazon know if you found anything in this post helpful.Ki4je
 Hello , I read with some amusement about people complaining about the lack of the external antenna on this phone . Let me ask you some thing , what makes you think an external antenna would be better than an internal one ? Going by basic antenna mathematics , a quarterwave monopole would be so long at the frequency of cellular application , that it would be impractical to use . A planar antenna is better in these cases , not worse . Trust me , I hold patents on this issue.This phone is excellent because of 2 things ,1 -RRB- excellent clarity of voice communication , be it while using it like a normal phone -LRB- holding it next to your ear -RRB- or while using it like a speaker phone -LRB- with the body flipped open -RRB- . It has speakers , which out put a clear and precise audio signal . I can just flip the phone open and place it next to the gear box in my car and talk and listen without any problems . Thats saving me $ 2000 from installing a blue tooth compatible hands free system on my Mercedes .2 -RRB- It has the features of a PDA at a low cost -LRB- $ 199 with 2 year contract -RRB- . You dont have the features like a pocket PC , you cant download email attachments , or do anything fancy . But hey , you get what you pay for . If you want those features , shell out the additional $ 200 . This phone allows you listen to music , check your emails , and is amazingly easy for typing in and reading text . And the mini SD card slot is great . The internal inbuilt memory at around 58MB is not too much , but not too less either.This phone uses the mobile web browser , which curtails graphics and such , but never the less , when I need to check my email urgently , I am able to do so . And that makes a difference . There are some features that are important and practical , and I get these features here . I dont need a fancy toy , like many of those wannabe types , who dont know how to use 90 % of the features anyway.And you know what , you are NEVER going to get the same kind of satisfaction with a PDA phone compared to a PDA or a Phone . Crowding too many features in to a device only increases its potential for failure and , not to mention , ensures mediocrity of performance in all those features.If I have a pan , I want to fry eggs in it , I dont want to play a musical tune on it . Period.This is a phone , first and foremost , and it functions as a good phone , which is the reason I give it 4 stars . Apart from that , the big screen , the fancy looks , the internal key board , those are very good plus points . I downloaded true tones , and now when my phone rings , I can listen to some of my favorite metallica songs , how cool is that!But be warned , Verizon has a terrible shylockish attitude towards their `` get it now '' feature . The ring tones and wall papers are placed in different categories called `` apps '' -LRB- applications -RRB- . You are not allowed to go in and view many of the apps -LRB- like ` national geographic ' app and ` guy stuff ' app -RRB- unless you buy credits towards these apps . After you buy the credit and get the app , you are allowed to browse the app . An app , like the guy stuff app , is utterly useless . When inside the app , you are allowed to browse the app for the various wall papers before spending the credit that you have reserved for the app . But in apps like `` guy stuff '' , the choices are so horrible , you might not want anything from there , except for the fact that you have already paid money towards that app , and it is non transferrable . But as far as ring tones are concerned , make sure you check the website for some previews before buying anything.This phone has a good solid feel to it , the battery life is amazing , I can talk for hours on the end , even while using the speaker phone -LRB- thats a very big deal -RRB- . And its standby time -LRB- 8 days or something -RRB- is just mind blowing . Shows very good power management , and excellent design sense . There are a few features that takes getting used to , for example , you cant really change many of the menu items from the front screen -LRB- while phone is not flipped open , the screen on the front -RRB- , you will have to flip the phone open and use the main screen . If you are using it as a speaker phone , flipping the phone shut means you are back to using it while holding it against your ear . That is contrary to most other phones , which terminate the call when the phone is flipped shut . But the feature of this phone to be able to switch between normal phone -LRB- held against the ear -RRB- and speaker phone -LRB- while flipped open -RRB- by means of merely flipping it open or close is infact useful . As I said , it just takes getting used to it.The bluetooth feature worked like a charm , set up was very easy , and I used my Jabra BT250 headset with it . People I called said they could hear me clearly . But honestly , I was not too impressed by the way I could hear them . But that might be due to my year old head set and not because of the phone . But be advised , verizon will only allow your bluetooth to work with ear pieces or car audio , you wont be able to use it to communicate with your computer . They want to charge you for it.Be advised of 2 things1 -RRB- You can download songs to this phone , but you wont be abe to use them as ring tones . The ring tone folder is held secure by the operating system . There are internet resources which will allow you to bypass the security feature and you will be able to get out of the vicious cycle of paying $ 3.00 for every ring tone -LRB- Phew ! -RRB- , but then that will void your warranty .2 -RRB- Verizon has a terrible customer service policy , they will do anything to prove your warranty is not valid . But insurance is through a 3rd party , and you will need that for this phone . However , insurance is $ 5 per month additionally , and if the phone goes bad , then you get a refurbished phone as a replacement . Refurbished phones are about $ 90 . If you are paying $ 5 per month , then after 12 months , you have already paid $ 60 . Whats the point of getting a refurbished phone for a $ 30 discount?One of the tricks verizon always uses is `` water damage '' , they will open the battery console , and look at some marker to see if there is water damage . Like in the LG VX6100 -LRB- that I had prior to this -RRB- there is a marker right at the bottom of the battery , and when it senses water , it turns darker in color . Now I went to verizon within my 1 year warranty period for the LG VX 6100 , because of some mechanical problem . The place , where the charger male goes in to the phone , had a loose connection . Verizon said they would not honor the warranty because of water damage.I am a RF engineer , I know water damage and I know how to prevent it . There was no way the VX6100 phone had been ever exposed to anything close to a `` water damage '' scenario . But I could do nothing , and was forced to buy a new phone and extend my contract.So before going in for a warranty claim or any kind of issue with verizon , go and talk to them about the way they would identify water damage on the model of the phone you own . Dont take your phone with you , dont show them your phone . They dont need to see your phone to divulge this information - they are obligated to do so . Then come home and check your phone for the indications . If necessary , buy some bloody white paint and fix that marker to make it look like there has been no water damage . Those technicians are not too smart anyway.So this concludes the review for the LG VX 9800 . I think it is a marvellous hand set . I recommend it , and give it 4 stars for great phone -LRB- audio -RRB- quality , ease and utility of blue tooth features , great keyboard , superb speakers , and great looks . I take a 1 star reduction for Verizon 's shylockish attitude and the fact that this phone cant really display all that many graphics in web pages.Thank you , Kaushik Lodh .
 I 'll make this simple and bullet the key features -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- that make this phone a gem . First , I will tell you what the phone is not . It is not a Palm Pilot , a Pocket PC , a Treo , or a Blackberry , neither is it meant to be . it IS meant to be a `` fun phone '' . Here go the reasons why I love this phone and still love it after having it for two months ... PHYSICAL ATTRIBUTES1-it is NOT huge . My former LG -LRB- the big one with the big screen that flips open -RRB- is thicker and clunkier.2-it is not awkward.3-the flip open design is very user-friendly .4 - I read a comment on one of the other reviews saying that the inside keyboard does n't light up . This is UNtrue . It does , and it looks pretty snazzy when it does.5-inside screen very clear , but a little small.6-keyboard buttons easily discernable , although small . Not a problem messaging or navigating browser.7-good speed dial and bluetooth initiated command options.SOUND QUALITY
 I can say without hesitation that this is the best phone that I have every had . Here 's what I 'm looking for in a phone
 First , let me say , this is not a PDA replacement ; this is a cell phone . It has pretty much all of the same functionality as my old Motorla T720 , with a better phone and some extras . -LSB- ... -RSB- Where this device shines is text messaging and general ease of use . The screen on the inside of the phone is large and crisp , making for easy entering of contacts and typing of text messages . The keyboard is nice and large , and the thumb typing is among the best I 've experienced.Reception seems on par with other devices I use . I am still getting better signal in some places over my T720 . So while it may not be any better , it sure is n't any worse.Camera seems decent ; I have n't had a camera phone before , so I am not really qualified to make a review on this functionality . Seems to do pretty well in well-lighted applications , low light is somewhat weak . The `` flash '' is just a white LED on the front , that does n't give all that much light.The VCast video-on-demand is neat and all , but the content is pretty weak right now . I may look into it again once it becomes more rooted . When I got this phone the day after it was released , there was hardly any games or other content downloadable , but recently there has been a boom in available applications on GetItNow.The phone is somewhat heavy and large compared to some of the newer , sleeker phones . My T720 flip phone was about the same size , so it does n't bother me.Conclusion ? A very neat and geeky cell phone . I do a great deal of text messaging , so this was the perfect phone for me.Again , this is a cell phone through and through , _ NOT _ a PDA . If you want anything to do with Outlook syncing , e-mail , or other of the more advanced applications , look at a blackberry , smartphone , or pocketpc phone .
 I 'm a cel phone fanatic . Every 6 months they come out with new features that make my current phone look like it should have a rotary dial on it . I 've also been a Motorola fan since they came out with the first flip phone , albeit the flip portion on the original was pretty much just an on off switch . My biggest problem is the 24 month Verizon upgrade cycle . I cant stand 8 months let alone 2 years so I moved to the `` family plan '' and added multiple phones.The LG VX9800 functions like a standard phone with camera etc , but when you open it you have a full qwerty style keyboard and the 1.3 megapixel camera switches resolutions to fit the wider internal screen.Expansion - They use the newer Mini SD memory cards , i grabbed a 1gb card the other day because I knew whatever is on the phone isnt going to be enough . Not many electronics stores have them as of yet , but I found one at Fry 's Electronics . One complaint i have after trying to move pics of my 3 week old baby from camera storage to memory card , is I got a bunch of `` unable to write to card '' errors that mysteriously went away after I kept trying and you can only move 1 picture at a time to the card . I 'm not sure yet if i can play videos from the SD card or not , nor am I sure if I can move mp3 files and set them as ringtones but those are on the list of things to do.Bluetooth - With Bluetooth on , the battery seems to die off after a days use -LRB- about 1.5 hours of talk for me -RRB- . I have 2 bluetooth devices , the motorola bluetooth headset and my car 2006 Acura TL . The bluetooth headset works flawlessly . In my car , it will display battery meter , caller ID and signal strength . Complaints , the hang up button on the car doesnt hang the phone up and sometimes immediatly redials the last person I called . Never did that with Mot V710 or my Audovox Pocket PC phone . Apart from that , it works well with the car and sounds nice and clear.Good things - Web browsing is great and only $ 15 a month with Vcast streaming video service.Functionality of the external buttons can be easily transferred to the more robust internal flip keyboard and display by just opening the phone.Text messaging is quite good and much easier with a key allocated to each letter.Camera is nice and clear , flash is also quite bright compared to previous phones i 've owned.You can also talk externally on the phone and have the internal set to speaker mode and flip it open during a call and easily switch to speaker mode.You can also send text messages in speaker mode or handsfree bluetooth mode without the other party hearing key presses.Hands free commands work great.Speaker and Mic volumes are extremely excellent . I 've had problems with previous phones where they just wouldnt go loud enough and I couldnt hear some callers that were too soft.MP3 Player is excellent , internal stereo speakers too if you dont want to wear earpieces to listen to music.Calendar and reminders are excellent , the best of any phone I 've ever seen.Tools , calculator , alarm etc are fantastic.Bad things - Doesnt seem to correlate names in the address book with caller ID when receiving a Text Message . Nor can you type the name of a person in the address book in the to
 This is by far the best cell phone I have ever owned . It does more than I could want and does most of it well to excellent . But , before I get to far , let me tell you what this phone is NOT :1 -RRB- It is not a Blackberry killer . Verizon offers a push email system , but it is neither as good as RIM 's nor as safe . Basically , it requires you to host it on their servers , which is a security risk that is not worth it to many companies . Cost is $ 19.99 per month . Works well though if you use it .2 -RRB- This is not a web browser . V Cast is pretty but not that great because it is snapshots of what VZ is putting out there . You can download ~ 5 minute videos that are great , but not the full internet . It also comes with Mobile Web 2.0 , which will allow you to check web mail and browse most websites , but they wo n't really be formatted for your screen -LRB- although I check and send Gmail email all the time -RRB- .3 -RRB- It is not an iPod . I have ripped and transferred -LRB- via miniSD card -RRB- around 150 songs to it and they sound great on the built in speakers and headphones . But it ca n't compete with a new iPod or even a deicated mp3 player . As a stand in , though , it 's great.Now , for what it is .1 -RRB- A great phone . Reception is as good or better than my previous Motorola T730 . The speaker phone is the best I 've ever used and the sound quality of using it as a handset is great . People say it 's big , but it 's not . Sure , it 's not Zoolander mini phone , but if you lay it side by side with a typical flip phone , you will find it is the same thickness and only around ~ 3/4 of an inch longer .2 -RRB- A great text-er and capable emailer . As long as you are not looking at sending dozens of email a day , this is just fine as an emailer -LRB- even without the $ 19.99 subscription , since it hits webmail just fine -RRB- . As for text , if you are into texting it is awesome . Definitely better than the sidekick .3 -RRB- It is feature rich . Aforementioned text capabilities and speaker phone . Bluetooth capable . Good music player . Better than average camera -LRB- you 'll actually save photos to your PC and remember , you can transfer photos to your phone via mini SD to show others . Games play great on it .4 -RRB- VZ Navigator is AWESOME . You will get 95 % of the features of a Magellan GPS system with only a $ 2.99 per use -LRB- 24 hour -RRB- cost or $ 9.99 for 30 days . On its big screen with good speakers , you just perch it on your dash and it tells you where to go . Want to have lunch at XYZ restaurant on your way to Houston ? Do a local search , have the phone call the restaurant , get your call-ahead seating , and then have the phone annouce as-you-drive instructions until you are there . This feature is offered on any V Cast capable phone but REALLY shines here .5 -RRB- Clam shell designs are the way to go . When I do type and email or text , I am much faster than my boss on his Blackberry .6 -RRB- It 's cool . Keyboard is lit up in the dark . Mp3 player has a graphic equalizer . Inside screen is amazing . Clamshell will have other doing double takes . This may not be an important feature , but cool looking is cool looking.There are a couple of things I do n't like about it . For one , it only allows you to take 15 second videos . Not sure why when , with a 1GB mini SD card , you could go much longer . Also , not all of the features available to you when the clamshell is open are available on the front screen . Also , because this phone has usable music , speaker phone , camera , video , and games , battery life will be lighter since you will be using things that suck up batter life.Still , this phone is great and I am extremely happy with my purchase . I have experienced NO trouble whatsoever with the screen breaking like that other reviewer . Nothing but happy for me .
 This is a HUGE phone that does a lot more than just a normal phone . If size matters , then treat my rating as a 2 star . This phone is approximately 2.5 times the size of a standard issue nokia.So this phone will appeal to a very select group of individuals - its not for everyone.If you want a phone - text messaging machine - camera - palm hybrid , look no further . This `` phone '' was built to do a lot of things and does them well . Well enough to justify 4 stars.The LG menu is fairly intuitive once you get used to it . The phone ships with an excellent manual -LRB- and demo on CD -RRB- to get you up to speed.The keyboard is very reasonable in size . The space bar is not underneath and instead to the side . I prefer it this way , others might not . Most people seem to adapt to it.You can get a mini sd cheap - 35 bucks for a gig . I have not used it to play music yet , but you can transfer photos with it.Lookup Bitpim on Google and then buy a standard USB data cable -LRB- should be < 10 bucks on Ebay -RRB- . That will let you sync your phone with your computer . Very simple and intuitive . I entered all my contacts on the computer and synced the two.The camera is reasonable . Better than the V710 camera . Not as good as a standard issue digital camera . Ok for pics and quick snapshots . With a 1 gig card , memory is not a problem.The phone really really shines when opened and used as a text machine . Its really designed to be used that way . The speakerphone is EXCELLENT . Super duper . When combined with the keyboard , the screen and the software make using the cellphone a joy.The build quality is good . Nothing chintzy or cheap - it feels solid . No flimsy parts that I expect to break soon.One drawback is the lack of ringtones . The supplied default ringtones are terrible . But with Bitpim and some other software , you can make your own ringtones . Or download them from VZW.All in all , this phone is not a conventional cellphone . The primary purpose of the phone is not making calls when being held next to the ear . It feels like a brick in those cases . This is a phone that you leave hooked on to your desk and use the blue tooth headset to walk around the room while taking the call . It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone , and excels in those roles . Or even as a speaker phone on a desk in a study.Be very careful of expecting too much from Vcast . Vcast has limited service . And is expensive . And the web surfing is limited to content controlled by Verizon . You can not surf the web - just Verizon 's version of the web.Last , like all palm/cellphone hybrids - excellent battery life when using the phone only for calls/SMS . Twice the battery life of the V710.Before purchasing , do take a look at a friend 's phone and run over to the Verizon store . This is really not a conventional phone . If it fits your lifestyle and needs you will be very happy . If it does not , you are going to be miserable.And it really is HUGE !
 I 've had this phone for two months and loved it . The keyboard on the back is great for text messaging and checking email . A previous reviewer said you could only check email with nsync , a $ 15 service . But if you have hotmail , aol , or yahoo , and a few others , you can check your email by using the mobile web service , which is only $ 5 a month . But it does use your airtime.This phone has excellent capabilities such as picture caller ID , mp3 player . The internal ringtones are n't the greatest , so for good ringtones and games , you have to use the Get It Now feature and download it.A word of caution with this phone , if you are going to take a lot of pictures , and download a lot of ringtones and games , do yourself a favor and get a mini SD card . The phone has a mini SD slot on the side . I downloaded three songs , one game , and took about 12 pictures and had it on the internal memory . My phone shut down yesterday because the hard drive was corrupted and the internal memory must have been too full and crashed like a computer . Verizon is replacing my phone because it was clearly a hardware error.Just be mindful when doing a lot of downloading that they put the SD slot on the side for a reason .
 My mom got it for me on my 13th birthday ... & & its like so cool . I totally freaked when i held it in my hands . i was like so happy . No one ever really had this so i thought it was unique because most people had flip phones & & this one stands out . it totally rocks ... u can listen to MP3s take pictures , make videos & & stuff.u can sign in yer MSN , Yahoo , & AIM messenger & & check yer mail & & stufff . Did i mention ? The MP3 ` s AWES0ME & & it has alot of modes on it like Concert Hall , 3D Surround , Rock , Jazz , Pop , Classical , & & jus plain Flat . & & it can go louddd . The concert hall mode 's sounds sooo cool . Its like , its echoing ... . it sounds so realll . & & the 3D Surround sound is like the music ` s coming in all directions . It also can hold lots of contacts & & its screen ` s really clear ... The cam ` s koool too . Except when u take a pic , u should n't move too much coz it 'll blur . But there are times when its pictures do n't come out very well , & & times where the pictures look sooo PROFESSIONAL . U jus need enough light but not too much coz it 'll jus be plain white . U could take videos too . but its not really clear , so i do n't use it that much & & the video can only be about a minute . Oh yea , & & you could record sounds too for one minute . It has alot of features too ! Like Notepad , Alarm Clock , Cauculator & & many more . It even has a command mode where u press a button & & you say a command like Call Someone -LRB- You say a person 's name from your contacts list & & it ` ll dial that person -RRB- , Digit Dial -LRB- You say numbers like for example you say 555-6789 & & it ` ll dial that number , Voicemail -LRB- to check if you have any new voicemail , Missed Calls -LRB- to check for missed calls -RRB- , Messages -LRB- to check for New messages & & to read it -RRB- , & & lastly Time & Date . It 'll tell you the time & & what today is ! :D Ohhh & & theres little smileys & & symbols when u txt which is sooo cool & & you can color your text ! . =D So OVERALL , this phone is AWES0ME . You get what u paid for & & sooo much more . Its cooler than cool . =D So like , all i ` m trying to say is , buy it . = D
 My dad just bought this phone in April . All I can say is that this phone has really been useful . Not many parents are willing to buy this phone for a child , but it can help the childs organization and many other things . This phone is great .
 This phone will let you do a lot ! Text messaging is a breeze , the camera takes outstanding quality photos , buy a minisd card and you 've got a mp3 player with a full EQ . My friend has a sidekick and the web browsing on `` The V '' is so much faster than his sidekick . But do n't use it while you 're driving because you will get in an accident.You can have a cool voice read your text messages to you , VCast videos are pretty awesome and the stereo speakers sound amazing . To top it off , Verizon has great service and reception.And people are all like `` Dude you have a cool phone ! '' Which is true , but it 's a sign of the coolness inside . You may not be ready for a phone as cool as this , as you may not be cool yourself , buy it anyway and you will become cool .
 This phone is great , the screens are bright and the QWERTY keyboard is easy to use . It is a little bulky but it 's worth it for the built in mp3 player , 1.3 megapixel camera and easy messaging capabilities . Would 've been a 5 if it was just a tad thinner .
 this is a great phone , has great features and a nice screen . I recomend this phone to anyone that likes watching tvshows on your phone . The only problem
 For the most part I really like this phone . It does everything that others here have said it did . The keyboard is nice and the phone is not all that complicated to use once you get used to it . The camera is fantastic as it will focus on a document about 2 inches from it . My problem is with Verizon . I have many friends all over the world and with my old Nokia 3600 and Cingular I could send Tex Messages to all of them and got back there Messages with no problem and that was on a very in-expensive contract . I Got this phone as the full Keyboard would be a nice up grade in my Tex Messaging . But when I started to send messages I was getting no answers . Through E-mails I found out that most of my friends were not receiving My Tex massages . I did get a few to into Thailand and received back answers and one got to the Philippines but about 80 % of my friends stopped hearing from me . Verizon is a good service for the USA but try to send a text message out of the country and good luck . I love the phone but am taking it back before my 15 days trial has expired and I have to pay a 175 dollar exit fee . Glad I saved my old Nokia and its back to cingular for me . .
 I am getting the lg the v on my 13th birthday this year so i hope you enjoy it email Me back on this ok bye Love E.M
 got 2 use itunes for the mp3 player . in true mp3 format go into edit , preferences , advanced , importing , then change import using ... to mp3 encoder . that will work as long as your using the sd mini card into your computer . my phone was turning off by itself the hard drive was crashing took it back got a new one . love this phone . IF ANYONE CAN TELL ME HOW TO GET THE 3GPP ... FORMAT 2 PUT DVD MOVIES ON MY PHONE LET ME KNOW . verizon has a kick a __ belt clip for this phone -LRB- holster -RRB- you can turn the clip sideways on it and it acts like a taple 4 the phone got to get this with it 2 watch vcast or movies the cases block the phone from being used .
 I love this case . It holds my Palm , credit cards , business cards , and cash when I travel . It 's made well and the leather is real nice . Mine came with a 2 in 1 stylus/pen which was a nice extra . The notepad is nice for writing down quick notes.I have seen many cases but this was is real classy and affordable !
 It does exactly what is advertised
 Works great ! Hard to find decent headphones for cell phones that require 2.5 mm connection . All the good headphones are 3.5 . The adapters at Radio Shack were worthless . This adapter did the trick !
 i ued to use this headset when worked forBellsouth , , started new job had yucky headset , , so ordered my own , , worked like a charm ,
 I ordered this headset for my classes . I am a Air Traffic Control student and I got the surprise that FAA charge more than $ 200.00 for this same headset . The headset works great and I have not had any problems with it yet .
 Very good . I received the charger in three days , pretty fast . I have charged my phone with this charger and had no problem . This is such a cheap price for an OEM charger . I definitely recommend this buyer and this product .
 My dumb rabbit LOVES wires and bit my sister 's charger in half . This was the exact charger I needed for her phone . It was cheap , new , and worked perfectly . Now all three of us are happy . I 'll always know where to go back to get another one for next time .
 The product arrived in less than a week . It is a fully functional , new-in-the-box OEM replacement . Excellent and cheap .
 Good stuff , the same charger at AT&T was going to cost me $ 35 . works great .
 This original charger is perfect ! I ca n't believe how cheap it was !! Trust me , those purchasing this product will be more then pleased ...
 I found this to be the same as the original equipment for my cell phone and it works perfectly . I was expecting to pay a much higher price as I was looking for a replacement in several stores . I 'm sure glad I checked first with Amazon !
 This wall charger is not of this best quality and it shipped a bit slow but for the price I 'm well satisfied
 Does it 's job and works like an OEM charger which it is labeled as . Basttery chargers are just not THAT exciting now are they ?
 I have been thinking I had to get a new phone because , although the phone still works just fine , the charger had broken . I have been using this one for the past few weeks and it works just as well as the last one . It is great to not have to buy a new phone and good to know that I do n't have to completely succumb to the throw away culture .
 My wife was in hospital , they took her phone charger while she was sedated . You would think $ 80.00 asprins were bad enough . We were lucky to find this great deal and replace the stolen one . Thank you !
 LG a/c adapter I purchased works perfectly . I need it after I misplaced my original one .
 I got this phone about a week ago . I was trying to decide between the Blackberry Curve and the Treo 750 . So I got my girlfriend the Curve , and if I liked it better , I could just go with one as well . After about 30 minutes I knew I 'd stick with the 750 . Do n't get me wrong , the Curve is also a nice device -LRB- the gf loves it -RRB- , but I find the Windows OS user friendly and the phone keys + stylus navigation fluid . I 'm not a big tech guy . I had a Nokia smart phone previously and never tied it to my email . Having every intention to do the same with the 750 ... within a day I had already signed up for the unlimited data and tied in my email account to the Treo . It 's too good not to take advantage of . My only grief is it 's somewhat bulky . This makes it hard to find a good case that 's not attached to the hip . Other than that , the Treo 750 is highly recommended.Cheers !
 I liked the phone.Its display is excellent , e-mail push is better , faster browsing , excellent voice quality , battery is much better than many of other smartphones -LRB- smartphone take more power than regular phone -RRB- . I would say nice small handheld computer -LRB- enough computing power -RRB- . Phone is very stable -LRB- did n't switch off as it happened with my other smartphones and did n't drop any call -RRB- . I do n't have any complaint except I needed to change my service to cingular which I am not sure if would be stable as if I may move out to different state .
 The Treo 750 is a great phone . I have been using this for over a year and will give you a brief pros/cons . PROS : - Good sized QWERTY keyboard -LRB- I rarely make spelling errors because of my big thumbs -RRB- - Ability to use most pocketpc compatible software.-Good reception in the Bay Area with AT&T ; - The volume is good and clarity of the phone is great-Windows Mobile 6 offered by AT&T ; -LRB- good move ! -RRB- - Great PDA phone ... replaced my old standalone Axim x30 from DELL with this.CONS : - Software glitches that needs soft resets-Even with touchscreen disabled ... I manage to open up 3 applications with my cheek-Heavier than most phones-Lacks GPS/WiFiConclusion : Great phone but there are others out there that are just as good if not better ... HTC has some nice ones if your interested in the Windows Mobile OS . So far I have had no regrets !
 First off , this is a great deal since it is 300 through cingular and if you get in at the right time you can actually get this phone for 75 like I did . At first I was a bit upset because I thought that it would take over a month for me to get the phone , but I ended up receiving it the next week . I had a little trouble setting it up , but just call cingular and they 'll help you out . The phone is great , it has so many applications and it runs very quickly . If you want to use the media side of it , definitely get a memory card , which happen to be on a major sale on here right now . I bought a 2 gig for $ 25 and now I can put like 500 songs on it which is awesome . Battery life is a little frustrating but that is only because I am online or on AIM all the time , it runs out by 9ish pm when I start using it at 7 in the morning . E-mail works great , there are a lot of great applications . Overall I am very happy with this purchase and reccomend it to anyone .
 I bought mine soon after it had been released , through an authorized Cingular dealer I found on EBay . I paid $ 450 for it with no strings attached . Since I already had a Cingular account that was out of its prison phase , I did n't want to enter Cingular prison again in order to save $ 100 . I have been very impressed with its reception . I get full signal in places where I had trouble with my Sony Ericson before . The call quality is great , and the features of the phone are unreal.I also bought two 2GB MiniSD cards -LRB- $ 25 ea . -RRB- and a thumb-drive sized MiniSD reader -LRB- $ 9.95 -RRB- at CompUsa . That gives me a 2GB thumb drive to carry around with me , as well as 2GB of storage for the phone -LRB- total of 4GB available storage -RRB- . From any PC with a USB connection , I can download podcasts , MP3 's and other things by using the MiniSD reader and swapping between the two cards . Nice.I have had one annoying problem with the phone . Sometimes it quits making sound . This means that it wo n't ring when you get a call . It happens randomly and without warning . I have taken to performing a soft-reset before plugging the charger . This seems to keep it ringing most of the time . After a month or two of this problem and the Cingular guys having no idea how to solve it -LRB- it always was working whenever I 'd take it into a Cingular Store -RRB- I finally found that Palm had quietly released a fix for the problem . I downloaded and applied it and everything seems fine now.Overall this is an extremely capable phone with nice features - the ability to play solitaire while in the bathroom is no small matter ! - but I am a little disappointed in Palm 's handling of the obvious bug in the system 's firmware .
 Just to clarify , rather than rate the phone , since I just got it today . I transferred my old number from my Cingular Razor to my new Cingular Treo 750 today with no problem .
 product is good , amazon bad!amazon needs a better help desk!can you believe that I figured out the problem?where is my thanks ?
 This is my first PDA phone . I was in a confusion of buying either 680 or 750 . Though 680 -LRB- palm OS -RRB- has a very good menu & navigation system and lots of free apps and good stuff available , I opted for 750 because of familiar and more attractive Graphic user interface -LRB- Windows OS -RRB- . The phone is very good and useful for organizing my meetings , tasks etc.There are lots of applications that you can buy and download which makes this phone really powerful.Apart from productivity , I use this to browse web . I also remotely control my computer , and my TV with the IR Sensor in it . . Now I love this phone very much.Few things to be aware of :1 -RRB- Need to install audio alerts update from Palm site or else you will miss some calls since it wo n't make ringtone sound sometimes .2 -RRB- Treo loses communication with MiniSD card very often -LRB- may be once a day for me -RRB- . You need some programs like ` cardkeeper ' which will monitor and remount the card if connection is lost.Best of all , you can also install ` StyleTap ' which supports installing palm OS applications on this treo . so , you can have best of both worlds -LRB- Palm and Windows -RRB- !
 Treo 750 - Carrier
 I work for an University and my contract was due 2 months ago . I decided to get this phone because my PDA was already old and I needed something that would be efficient . I got this smartphone almost 2 months ago and I just have good things to say about it . First , it is not as heavy as the last model -LRB- 650 -RRB- and also looks really cool . Second , the interface is pretty easy to use and figure it out . The phone is Microsoft OS based -LRB- I used a palm device before -RRB- so getting use to it took me a couple of days but not really a big issue . The battery works really well and , in spite of other reviews , the life have been pretty great , even when compared with my last phone -LRB- a motorola -RRB- . In general , I thinks is a pretty good buy and you can not beat the price when Cingular sells it for way more money than Amazon . I 'll definetively will buy from this website again .
 After using the Pearl and other phone . Palm 750 is the best phone so far . All my friends have got one now and the phone is just very quick . It may not be the smallest phone , but who said the smallest is the best ? In a phone you can only be so small before it starts working against you ... I dont want a phone , i want a hand held computer that small enought to be used as a phone . . The PALM 750 is It ...
 I bought this phone for my wife . She hated the bulky PDA or phone like mine . However , with this one , she loves it . the functionalities are great , the responses from the phone are quick . The email and internet are working fine without funky delay . Best of all , very steady , the phone has not needed for any reboot or reset since it is up and running -LRB- about a month now and knock on the wood -RRB- . The overall experience from my wife is just fabulous . I set the the time interval for 45 minutes for emails retrieval . The battery is still 89 % full by the end of the day . I think I will get this phone as well when my contract is up .
 went from a flip phone to a pda so i didnt think i would like this phone but i love it dont know what i would do with out it . to bad it it only comes in 2 colors
 I 've had the Treo 750 for about 5 months now . Excellent battery and features . Phone may freeze once in a while which seems to be caused by 3rd party programs e.g. live search but after the novelty of those programs wore off and I deleted them the phone works great . ATT service is great too . I switched from Verizon only because they would n't give me any discount on the phone . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a near perfect device for those of us who are on the road a good deal and want a good solid phone , along with easy access and setup of my Outlook/Exchange email . If you want a hassle free phone/email device , this is it . I 've used 2 other Windows-based devices , but Treo has improved the interface quite a bit . I 'd highly recommend it .
 i use it for personal and not business use so i use windows mobile 6.1 instead of the palm os or my company 's os . if you can upgrade i 'd highly recommend getting 6.1 . watching youtube videos and web browsing is pretty easy and windows mobile in general is like an extension of your desktop , and syncing is easy if you use windows . i 'm a mac user but there are programs you can download from windows mobile to sync to a mac . the phone is pretty but not overly hefty , which i think is an advantage over the lighter blackberry . the casing is also better in that it feels more secure in your hand than the blackberry does . my girlfriend has a blackberry and i 'd prefer my phone over hers anyday . i 'd say the blackberry does have a better keyboard , the treo 's takes some getting used to but once your comfortable its farily easy , although i find typos when i type fast . one-hand operation is pretty easy as well .
 This phone is by far the best looking windows phone out there.an enjoyable experience to use .
 still getting used to my new treo ... but just a warning - you ca n't download ringtones from Cingular -LRB- AT&T -RRB- 's MediaNet . The phone is NOT compatible with it . Bizarre to me , but that 's the reality .
 I had a Treo 650 2 years ago -LRB- ran over it with my car -RRB- , then went with the Moto Q a year ago -LRB- wish I had ran it over with my car -RRB- . I could not wait to get rid of my Moto Q . Now -LRB- 4/2008 -RRB- I have the Treo 750 . I 'll update this review by Jan ' 09 , but for now this phone is perfect.Jan '09 Update
 Recently decided to purchase the Treo 750 , but after ordering Amazon sends shipping info and it wo n't arrive for about a month and a half ! I cancelled and went to Cingular and purchased for a lesser price and had it in my hands immediately . Sad ...
 I bought my Treo 750v a couple of days ago . I got really impressed with its features and had none of the problems already reported , like short time lived batery.The only problem I am facing is with setting my voice mail.The icon shown in the today page does not accept any number I will to attach to it . As a result , I was forced to create a new speed dial icon with my voice mail number.I really hope this is a problem to be fixed soon by Palm with a downloadable file because , except for this problem , Treo 750 is really great .
 I got my Treo 750 this week as a replacement for a Blackberry 8700c , which I really liked . My company is heading away from BB and towards Windows Mobile technology , so here I am.I should say , too , that I 've had pretty much every flavor of BB ever made , as well as an Ipaq , Treo 650 , Cingular 8125 and many others . I had concluded that for a business user who needs 100 % reliable e-mail , and uses the Internet and text messaging a fair amount , the BB 8700 was by far the most reliable way for me.So as I make the transition from 8700 to 750 , here is my list -LRB- not too long at this point -RRB- of likes and dislikes :1 . The Treo 750 comes new in the box without a holster , belt clip or carrying case of any kind . Unless you want to carry it in your pocket , automatically add $ 30 to the cost of the phone . Thanks , Cingular .2 . Battery life is not good on the 750 . I send and receive well over 100 e-mail messages a day , and my phone usage and Internet use varies . I could go two days without charging my BB , and even given my usage patterns , seldom ran out of battery power.Yesterday I flew from Chicago to Los Angeles and caught a connecting flight to Palm Springs . The point is , I had the 750 turned off for at least five hours during the day . I took it off the charger at about 6 a.m. Chicago time yesterday morning , and , even after being turned off for five hours , by 6 p.m. Chicago time yesterday afternoon the battery was almost dead.Buying a spare battery -LRB- $ 30 to $ 50 -RRB- seems like a decent solution , but devices that charge the battery only -LRB- while it 's not on the phone -RRB- are hard to find for this phone , and will cost around $ 50 . So the logistics of getting two batteries recharged over night are not that simple - primarily because if you do n't have a phone-independent battery charger , you will have to change the battery in the phone every day in order to get two batteries charged . And if you forget to charge the second one , you have potential problems the next day.As an alternative , you can keep the phone tethered to your computer or on the AC charger -LRB- have to have one or the other with you at all times -RRB- during the day , and/or buy a car charger , about $ 20 -LRB- if you 'll be in the car -RRB- . But if you 're just out and about , battery life will be a significant issue for many .3 . The display is pretty good . But brightness and readability of the screen while outside is an issue . Anyone who 's had a BB 8700 knows how easy it is to read that screen outside . The Treo 750 takes a big step backward by comparison .4 . Push e-mail reliability . For phones other than BBs , my company uses Good technology for interfacing with Outlook . Getting e-mail on my previous phones -LRB- Treo 650 , Cingular 8125 , etc. -RRB- that used Good Link was not reliable - I constantly had to use the `` send/receive now '' function to make sure my e-mail was up to date.So far so good with the 750 . I have gotten my e-mails reliably so far - it seems as good as my 8700.5 . Windows Mobile OS . One frequent complaint I hear about with Windows Mobile phones is that they lock up and need to be reset -LRB- soft or hard -RRB- frequently . Again , so far , so good for the 750 . I did reset it yesterday because it went totally mute on me - no beeps , no notification sounds , no ringer on the phone ! And no , I did not accidentally set the ringer switch to silent . After I reset it , all the sounds worked again . It 's too early to tell whether this will be a persistent problem.That 's about all that comes to mind right now . I hope this helps anyone make up their mind about moving to this phone , especially if you would be leaving a BB 8700 behind.So far , my regrets are minor , and I plan on learning to love this phone once I figure out how to deal with the battery problem . Good luck with yours .
 Bought this to replace my three-year-old cell phone and an ancient but still working Palm IIIc . My observations after 30 days of ownership :1 . Setup is time consuming but unavoidable . Patience is required . I 've had a couple of questions that I asked Cingular , only to be forwarded to Palm , only to be forwarded to Microsoft , then back to Cingular . It seems no Customer Service department has really mastered this unit .2 . Have to do a soft reset every once in a while . The unit turns off the sound by itself and the only way I 've found to fix it is to do a soft reset .3 . I 'm not crazy about Microsoft Outlook 's calendar compared to Palm 's . I miss several Palm features , like the `` Go to '' and the `` Today '' buttons . Outlook 's calendar just is n't as easy to manuever as Palm 's .4 . Phone listening volume is low , especially when the unit is in a protective case , which puts it a little further from your ear .5 . Love the Bluetooth option . It 's new to me and it 's just great .6 . Love being able to press a picture to make a call . We have five kids ; I have each kid 's picture linked to their phone number . Even my technology-challenged husband can call them by simply pressing their picture .7 . This phone talks ! A female voice announces who is calling and when your next appointment is . The first time she spoke it about scared me to death . The voice reminds me of the computer on Star Trek -- but not as clear . However , after getting used to her accent , she is intelligible , which means the computer is translating my written input into spoken words -- amazing ! 8 . The Internet connection has limited use for me . I do n't need email on the run and I could live without this and the extra monthly cost . Most traditional Internet web sites take much too long to load and display too small a portion of the page to be useful . It is nice to check the weather or get directions on the go .9 . Ca n't imagine watching a movie or any complex video on this tiny screen . What 's the point ? 10 . Splurged on a sweet little Vaja leather case that is wonderful . Very expensive , but a terrific luxury .11 . Amazon 's prices were the best BY FAR on this product ! Saved over $ 300 off my local retail Cingular dealer .12 . Best part
 I am very satisfied with my choice to purchase my phone and phone plan through Amazon . We saved $ 500 on just our phones by going through Amazon . Our products were received 2 days ago . They were up and running that same day . I spent most of the day speaking with Cingular & Palm , learning this extreme phone and everything it can do . My only disappointment is finding out my particular email provider , Bellsouth/At & t ; , the way it receives email , Pop3 , does not allow me to receive my emails into my Outlook files in my phone . I had to set up a separate file . It really is n't too big of a deal , because I do not want to have a bunch of emails stored on my phone , anyways . I can still send/receive/save / create , but just not into my same Outlook folder I have on my notebook . It will sinc up and stay up to date.I needed to add something to my phone plan and I was within the guidelines of my contract ; therefore did not incur any charges with Amazon . In fact , I found out through the representative , I could reduce my phone plan all the way down to a 39.99 plan without breaching the contract . -LRB- I wo n't do that because we need a large family plan , but atleast , I know I can if need be . -RRB- If you are looking into purchasing this type of phone , please do n't expect to have everything run perfectly . There is work to be done . Lots of hours on the phone with representatives , because every person has different needs and the phones are set up in a general use . For instance , I want to have my phone sinc with my computer via Bluetooth instead of USB . For this to happen , I had to call Palm and have them walk me through the steps , which took a full hour . I will be able to set my husbands phone up faster now that I 've gone through the steps , but it does take patience and time.If you need full access to the internet and maybe 1000 txt , IM , and photo messages are sufficient , I would suggest the Amazon 49.99 plan with Cingular and adding the teathering capability to use your phone as a modem with your computer for an additional $ 10 with Cingular . -LRB- Amazon does not offer teathering plans -RRB- . This information took all day for me to understand . I thought I would save someone else the time.I have 90 days of free support with Palm on the use of this phone , so I better get busy learning about it.Thanks
 I chose this phone over other Smartphones , such as Blackberry , mainly because I like that it runs on a Windows format and that it has easy to use PDA functions.I purchased this phone in an AT&T ; store . The first 24 hours I had the phone , I loved it . It was very easy to use and navigate , even for someone who was using a PDA/phone combo for the first time . However , a day or two after buying it , I started having problems . The first major problem is that it seemed that I could n't get a signal anywhere and it was dropping all calls . Second , I could not send any text messages . Every time I tried to send a text message , I would get an error message sent back to me . Lastly , the screen was constantly freezing up . I immediately called AT&T ; and they tried everything they could over the phone -- troubleshooting , sending the phone updates , etc. . None of that worked so they suggested that I take the phone back to the store and exchange both the phone and the SIM card , since either could have been the root of my problems . I did this , exchanging the phone and SIM card and have had virtually no problems since . The only issue I still have is that I occasionally get an error message when the phone is trying to automatically connect to check my email . I think this is just that it is having problems connecting to the network and the error message always goes away and the phone is soon able to connect . The 2nd phone also works better , I believe , because of some advice one of the sales people gave me when I went back to exchange ... READ THIS TIP
 FULL DETAIL Treo review with UPGRADE DETAILS !!! I purchased the Treo 750 3 weeks ago . I & iexcl ; ve upgraded to the Treo 750 for personal , not business use . I needed a phone that can hold all my contacts with more than just one phone number but more detailed information , and had a lot more computer functions . I am reviewing all the features first based on Windows Mobile 5 - which is the software the phone comes with , and then the Windows Mobile 6 which I just installed -LSB- and WOW ! -RSB- I now have the perfect phone!To Upgrade your Treo to Windows Mobile 6 , go to palm.com , it & iexcl ; s on their home page.I bought this through AT&T ; not Amazon , I did not want to risk any problems if the phone was damaged.SIZE & FEEL : I love the way this phone feels in my hand . I love the rubber texture and it feels smaller than it really is.SCREENIt & iexcl ; s hard to see it in sunlight . But aren & iexcl ; t they all ? Otherwise I like it , size is good too.BATTERY : At first battery ran down very fast . If I left the house at 8am with 96 % , by 7 pm it was already in the 40 % and that is with some usage , push email not enabled , not playing music , but surfing the net a little . The booklet told me to charge as often as possible and not let it run down . I did that and it lasts a lot longer now . Sometimes 24 hours.CONTACTS : Has the following options for you to fill out
 Treo 750 , one of the best and coolest phone . I am in love with this phone . Because of Windows OS , it is very easy to use and understand functions . Slim and light weight . Love the touch screen function.I ordered this phone on Sunday evening and got it on Wednesday , Amazon offers two day free shipping on all phones.Also I ordered two phones -LRB- Family plan -RRB- , there was some problem in other phone , I requested the replacement and Amazon FIRST sent me the replacement of that phone through FREE 1 day shipping and they gave me 30 days to return problem phone . I am so impressed with Amazon 's service .
 Coming from a Cingular 8125 I must say that this phone is much much better . I evaluated the 8525 as an upgrade to the 8125 but it provided minimal upgrades and is really held back by its processor -LRB- the camera is still jerky , apps still take awhile to start/stop -RRB- . BUT , the Palm is snappy as ever ... the camera , even though its a 1.3 MP is fast and actually usable . The lack of WiFi is a little disappointing but 3G speeds make up for it . I 'm only getting 384kbps in a 3G coverage zone but an HSDPA upgrade is supposed to be forthcoming -LRB- as of Jan 30 , 2007 -RRB- which will bring the phone to 700 + kbps . My sole complaint is battery life but even still its not enough to knock this phone down from a five star rating.Now , when can I get a built-in GPS ?!
 This phone is amazing , that said , there are 1 or 2 small issues that I can live with . Hence the need for 41/2 stars . I talk about the issues at the bottom -- so scroll down if you 're not interested in what I liked about the phone.I 've had this phone 2 months now and I bought it because , much to my detriment , I am a gadget nut ... What can I say , I love electronics -- I was afraid it would not organize my life but it has -- it is easy to use and simple to install software onto . Most PDA-type things , I never use , this one , I do -- probably because since its a phone , I use it anyway . I actually even have a mac -- I make use of a program called Missing Sync that allows it to link to just about all of my mac programs -- iPhoto , iTunes , Entourage.This is a really nice phone -- the speakerphone is excellent , I also notice that it almost always has signal , not only that , but unlike most cell phones that try and fail to make a call with only 1 bar of signal , this one can make a phone call -- so I would say its a very good phone . The phonebook is easily accessible and utilized.Someone said it was hard to read the screen in the daytime -- I do n't know where that 's coming from -- I have tried to find an angle where its hard to read in direct sunlight , and I have n't ... I 'm in the Army , a lot of the time when I take a call or use the PDA side of this phone , its outside -- no problems . I even have the brightness turned down a little and its fine . Amazing actually -- most LCD screens are difficult to read in sunlight.All that said , battery life is relatively short -- but not as short as other reviewers have implied . Like I said , I 'm in the military , and a lot of time , when out in the field , I ca n't charge the phone -- I 've gotten it to last 2 days , making frequent calls -- 2 days is n't a long time , but its certainly better than other reviewers are saying . I do n't need to plug this into my computer when I 'm stationary , or into my car -- it does n't need to be plugged in every place you can -- I charge mine every night and have had no problems yet . I also have some minor problems with the operating system -- do n't get me wrong , I had a Palm TX for a while and hated Palm OS -- this is much better than Palm OS . These are little nit-picking problems
 This entire combo is `` valuable '' and has been working out just fine for me . I have a Motorola SLVR L7 . I am glad that products like this are available . If you are looking for some great products at a reasonable rate , I definitely recommend purchasing from this company !!! This was my second purchase from them and once again , I am totally satisfied . Thanks ...
 Great product . It was a tight fit for my Motorola KRZR but working the leather and giving it a little bit of time the phone fits just fine now . I like how the phone can be removed from the case completely so you do n't have to deal with the clear plastic covers that are usually more trouble then they are worth .
 LEATHER IS GOOD-WELL MADE - ITS HOLDING UP HAD IT NOW FOR ABOUT 5 MT
 This is a great case for small to medium sized flip phones . Works well with `` tough '' phones with rubberized casings ; phone is easy to place in and remove from case . Leather and stitching holds up well to wear and use .
 Good universal fit . Held together very well and served my purpose !!! Good quality and would purchase more if needed . Thank you .
 Awesome especially for the price . Awesome . Awesome . We do a lot of traveling in the car and this charger has proven to be invaluable .
 Product was available at the the most economic price available on the web , and coupon was forwarded for a future purchase !
 I got my purchase very quickly and the product works great . You can charge your PDA any of 3 ways using the cable
 I was surprised that this product would work so good , due to it 's low price , but after using mine for over two years , I am very happy with it . It does what I need it to do.I gave it 4-stars because the plug that goes into the bottom of my Palm Pilot is kinda of loose , but if you leave it on a table , it will do what it 's supposed to do .
 The order was shipped promptly and was just what I needed . I would recommend this product and company for future purchases .
 Perfect alternative to traditional charging via my home desktop . The USB wall and car charger help me to charge all my small devices while on the road ... my Palm , IPOD , and Blackberry . Why all the devices ? Keeps my personal and work life separate .
 WORKS GREAT ! AS EXPECTED ! REPLACED THE SET I HAD BEFORE.LOST MY FIRST SET IN A MOVE TO ANOTHER HOUSE . GREAT .
 This is a great way to end up with ALL of the cables and interfacing connections for synching Palm info with the computer and for charging the Palm .
 The chargers work good . The condition was good as you explained which was important . Look forward to order again in the future .
 i do like this product . work well , and versatil you can use in the car and home the same cord.i do recomend this produt
 This is a great product for a great price . Recommend it for anyone looking for something like this . Fast delivery .
 The replacement data/charger cable works well . My only issue is that there is no sync button , so you might want to be aware of that ; other wise it is a fine cable , at a good price , to replace a damaged or lost one .
 Lost the original usb cable to sync my Palm TX . I was great because all you needed to do is push the button right on the cord to start the sync . The new cable to not have this feature but it still works . The big difference is that you have to now sync from the device or your computer . The AC and auto charger work just fine . For the price this was a great deal .
 This works well to connect your device to whatever power sources are available or to your computer . I used it on a Palm TX without any problems .
 The picture is not quite accurate -- on the Palm end -LRB- it fits both a Tungsten E2 and a Palm Centro phone -RRB- , it has both the sync cord plug and the data plug in one rigid housing -LRB- even though the picture only shows a sync cord plug -RRB- . Because the power socket on my Tungsten E2 is damaged , I wanted a cord that would only have the data plug.My work-around was to use my sync cord between the supplied AC adapter & the Tungsten . Because the sync cord delivers a trickle charge , the icon does n't show that the Tungsten is charging ; never-the-less it is , so it works fine . Because I have both a Tungsten E2 and a Centro phone , I have 2 sync cords.I checked the supplied cord with a voltmeter , and it does supply the 5 volts to both the power plug -LRB- which turns on the charge icon -RRB- and the sync cord plug -LRB- which does not turn on the charge icon , but does never-the-less provide a trickle charge to both devices -RRB- , so even if your power plug socket no longer works , the supplied cord should still work -LRB- unless you ca n't physically force the plug into the power cord socket -- then you would n't be able to use the supplied cord , since the Palm end is a single rigid housing -RRB- . I 'm using the car adapter & the supplied cord with my Centro phone when I travel .
 I needed a charger for my hand held palm and found a package of 3 , a home charger , one for the car with the cord which I did not have , they were on amazon dot com , never ordered anything on line and was worried , well I ordered this item and it got here 2 days sooner than they said and works perfect , good product , fast service , I will use amazon from now on .
 I received the product in good condition and Iam using it right now . No complaints whatsoever . thank you seller !
 The Product is of normal quality . It 's well priced and works fine . The only thing is that it does n't have a hotsinc button but without it the cable still works .
 Product works as advertised ... -LRB- matter of fact I use the multiple electric source connectors to charge my mp3 player as well !
 Great accessories for a great price . I needed this for the Palm Pilot that I had , and they were just what I needed .
 Item arrived quickly and is GREAT for the price -LRB- the actual manufacturer 's website does n't even sell the product for as little as Amazon ! -RRB- ... The only thing I did n't realize before I purchased the item was that it did n't have the Sync option -LRB- but I guess that 's not a total surprise since the item is a ` Charge Kit ' -RRB-
 Fantastic product . The only charger you would need . Wish I saw this before I purchased wall charger but now I have a charger wherever I go . Highly recommend this product .
 I got the charger in a very timely manner and have had no problems .
 Excelent product !! Just what I needed !! You have 3 in 1 options . Perfect for people who travel a lot .
 I would purchase from this seller again and recommend . The item was delivered promptly and in the condition promised .
 I had lost my charger while relocating and was borrowing the cables/charger from a classmate who was growing wary of my constant need.With this ensemble all my needs were met !!!!!! and exceeded . Cost effective durable and multifaceted . Fast charging the car and at home.Excellent buy for current need or as a backup.Thanks !
 this is a nice product . i lost my original adapter and was worried that i have to spend too much again buying the same . but this one , solved two problems at one shot , providing a wall charger and a car charger as well . previously i used to worry abt charge while travelling . now thats also not a problem .
 Fast Shipping . Product was exactly what they said it would be . Would buy from them again .
 I use my E2 a great deal , and this includes everything I need at a very reasonable price .
 I ca n't complain about this combo . Does exactly what I need and does it well .
 The battery and charger are and work as advertised . Prompt delivery , good Customer Service , accurate Invoice . I would purchase this again without reservation .
 I just purchased this combo set . The shipping was very fast , great items charger and battery both new as discribed . I would recommend this product for anybody with a Motorolla Razr .
 Both the charger and the battery work perfectly with my Razr V3 . I charged the battery overnight before the first use , and it lasts several days on standby , including a couple hours of talk time.This item saved me a lot of money over buying retail , buying a new phone , or signing another contract.Even if you get a bad one , at this price you can get several before you get to retail price .
 The battery and charger for my son 's Razr phone worked perfectly . It was much cheaper than purchasing the same product from Verizon -LRB- saved me more than $ 60 . Highly recommend it . Note I read from other reviews that some chargers sold for Motorola Razr actually does not work with the Razr , so you have to be careful what you buy . It has to do with the Razr phones being somewhat different from the other Motorola phones . Check this out before you buy . I bought this combo pack , since we needed both , and also from the descrption , it seems it was made specifically for the Razr , so I thought it would likely be the right charger , and it is . The price ca n't be beat .
 Great deal for the price . I no longer have to charge my cell phone every night . It is nice to have an extra charger to take on trips and leave one at home .
 I inserted the new battery in my razr and charged my phone overnight using the travel charger . Worked well , no problems at all .
 All was as advertised . Works great . Good price . Postage was as much as the item ordered !
 Not much to say other than they work as well as the originals did when new .
 Just what I was looking for . Easy magnetic flip lid makes retrieving phone from the case very easy while also being very secure .
 Soft leather , sturdy case , love the magnetic closure . Much better than the snap closure that came with the Palm .
 The case is made of high quality leather with quality stitching . It 's the type of high end case that normally retails for 24.99 to 29.99 from a name brand manufacturer . If you 're considering this case for something other than a Palm device , rest assured it WILL fit the AT&T 8525 or TILT just fine . In fact , if you look at the pictures , it 's a perfect fit . The shipping on this item was reasonable and quick and the price for it is unbeatable . You ca n't get this high quality a case at those mall kiosks that will still sell for $ 12 ~ $ 17 anyway .
 The palm treo phone holster is great , I like it a lot ... very sturdy and comfortable . Thanx !
 Bought it for a co-worker . He 's still using it with much praise . Definitely a good buy .
 All I can say is that it works , pure and simple . It 's never dumped my Treo out to the ground , fallen off my belt , or popped off as I sat down in my car . What more could I ask ? The leather finally wore out on the clip of my first case , from a year of constant daily jamming onto my belt , so I 've purchased the same Palm leather case . If only my cellphone service could work this reliably !
 This arrived in perfect gift-giving condition , and I could n't believe the price !! The material is soft , durable , and the magnetic closure is well made . All in all a great purchase .
 This was the 2nd of the same case that my husband had for his Treo . He loves it ! -LRB- The other one belonged to his company so he wanted his own ! -RRB- . The magnet holds the phone very well . It holds up well .
 This is a great case not only for the Treo , but we use it for our Verizon vx6700 by Audiovox . It fits just right and makes it easy to carry around and it has not dropped the ohone yet!Check this case out for just about any PDA-Phone ! THankd Palm for helping my Pocket PC !!! LOL HA HA
 This case is wonderful . I like the secure belt loop and magnetic closure . I have tried several cases and this one is the best !
 before needing to be replaced , wore it on my hip always - 18 hours a day . Was a great holster for the time when Treo was the leading smart phone
 I am a die hard Treo 600 user . This is best case I 've ever owned . I already wore out this exact case over a 3 year period and just bought another one . It is a perfect fit with the antenna on the Treo 600 or 650 .
 Everyting is great except the belt clip is too tight and takes a lot of effort to get it on the belt .
 I bought this for my Treo 700 when I had it . It served me well then . Now I have an iPhone 3GS and I 've put a Speck protective case on it . It no longer fit in my iPhone horizontal case , but fits well in the Palm Horizontal Case for Treo 650 , 700 . So I continue to use it everyday and really appreciate its style and function . Highly recommended .
 I like this case because the design works , it 's well made , looks classy , and the hidden card/bill/key pocket inside is smart ! Wore it well .
 I have gone through a few of these . The first one I wore out with my Treo 700p . When I upgraded to a Treo 755 , I used the old worn out case from my 700p and eventually bought a new case for the 755 . Now , I use an HTC Touch Pro and prefer this case to the case that came with the HTC . The HTC fits a bit loose in the case which is n't an issue . The main reason this case is so nice is that it has an internal pocket to hold my SD cards . Another thing I like about the case is the clip which fits nice and tight on my belt , no worries about it falling off , which has happened with other fancier clips I 've used . I also like the magnetic flap that holds the phone in place , I 've never had an accident with this flap over the 3 years I 've been using the case . The only issue I have is that after about a year the clip starts loosening up and looks like it 's going to fall out of it 's slot . I should mention that I 'm a mechanic and use this case everyday at work and do not treat it nicely . This is when I pour glue down the slot and order a new one . Which is why I 'm here today , to order a new case , and at this price , I 'm ordering two!Pros
 This case is almost perfect for my Palm Treo 700 . The fit is great . The leather is soft and of very high quality . The magnetic closure is the best I 've seen , with no alignment required yet very secure . The one exception is the belt clip . It takes three men and a dog to get it on or off the belt ! It is so tight that I think you could tear the case getting it on or off unless you pry it off with something like a pen . I do n't know what they were thinking putting such a tight clip on such a great case .
 I 'm not real thrilled about the magnetic enclosure . Although Palm support told me that the magnet should not be a problem around my other computer discs and equipment.The belt clip is really tight and is difficult to put on my belt . The case does seem to hold my Treo securely.I wanted a snap closure case as my old one wore out but it is not available anywhere anymore.Would I buy this again ? It seems to be the best available , so yes .
 I am very happy with this product . I had previously had a belt-loop holster and wanted something with a clip so I could attach and remove the case without removing my belt . This case 's clip works wonderfully . It is a little tight , so attaching the case to the belt was initially difficult . However , once you get used to it and find the requisite angle and pressure , it is not a problem . Furthermore , the tightness helps keep the case from sliding around on the belt.The internal pocket can hold at most 2 plastic cards in addition to the Treo . I have not used it all that much , but I have found it ideal to carry a credit card and driver 's license when leaving the house for a quick errand.The leather is very nice and has not yet scratched . My previous case was also leather but scratched very easily . I have not had any problems with this one yet . It is rather stiff , though , so it does not compress easily when the phone is not in the holster . The magnetic clasp works nicely , though , and holds the case closed securely.I have been using the case for a month now and like it very much .
 This case is high quality durable leather . No cheap stuff here . It works great for the Palm Treo 700 . Highly recommend .
 Well thought out product design ! I needed horizontal holder rather than vertical holder because it contradicted with hip joint movement crashing with thigh . Initially I thought it did not have elegant looks because there are so many holes but soon realized they all had good function . They are located for fingers to push the unit out and also do not collect junks . Magnetic cover also works great too . Leather material is good . I purchased black with beige inside so that it would not disappear too easily blending with other clatters . It was good decision because it has white stitches that help the visibility . I hated other single pivot design because it wobbles in every direction and Phone sticks out from the body . The spring clip was a little too tight but I forced open a little and now it slides into top of my pants easily but does not fall out . I have been using Krussell 's Palm case for my Palm Tungsten T3 and noticed very similar quality leather . Does Krussell make the Treo case for Palm ??? It is sold over $ 35 at Best Buys but so cheaply available at internet . I like this very much .
 This is my second Treo 700P case , and by far my favorite . The inside pocket for business card or SD card storage is a nice feature . Quality of the case is very nice . At this price , it is hard to go wrong !
 Fast delivery . Good quality construction . Fits my Treo650 perfectly -LRB- not loose ot tight -RRB- and the lid closes scurely with a magnet . The Clip that hooks around the belt is tighter than I would like because I like to move the case around the side when siting down.I have had a few cases in the past which only lasted a month or two before they started to fray around the edges . Certainly this one is of the best construction and most user friendly I have used .
 I used it for my treo 755p . Perfect match with it yet it 's a little bit inconvenient to take it out when calls come in ...
 Best style I could find in this type of case . Nice tight fit on the belt so no worries about it going anywhere . I like the way it opens and closes . However , it is big and bulky on your belt , but that is not the cases problem , thats the Treo .
 I love the Palm Treo leather case . The leather quality is excellent , looks very nice , with an elegant touch.I read elsewhere that the belt clip was weak . That 's not true , it works quite well and feels very strong .
 I really like this item . It is convenient to use and it does n't work its way off my belt/waistband . It is easy to get the phone out or put it away even when sitting in the car . It seems like a quality leather case with a quality lining and it is semi-rigid . Great buy at the price !!!
 I spent a lot of time determining which case to get for my Treo 755p . Reading the reviews , this was one of the better ones.When it arrived , the Palm 755p fit nicely into the case . It was n't a tight fit , like a lot of other cases , but yet , the Palm was safe within it . Inside the case is room for an SD card or business cards.An excellent case and one that I would highly recommend .
 I bought this , and it 's great - I read about how some people thought it was a little loose fitting the phone - so I bought the silicone cover and together the 2 are great - Simon
 I like the holster , but it 's hard to get the palm out with one hand . I think that the quality is great , and it 's sleek , but it just would be nice if it were smoother to remove the phone quickly with one hand . Another plus/minus is that the clip is very tight . So , it 's hard to get off and on , but it does n't fall off .
 Phone fits nicely in case . Easy to access to answer calls . Fits snugly on belt or pants.Only drawback is I wish it had a little more space for credit cards/driver 's license , etc. . It will only hold 3 cards/ids .
 the case had good quality and looks better than expected , hooks well onto belt and cap operates well . I would have not used a magnet rather velcro or other system to close as magnet may interphere with credit cards ? The issue I have faced is the Treo 750 has turned on by accident as the buttons where pushed as I use it on the right side of the body , despite the keyboard being blocked , not sure how this happens , but I would have prefered a hard leather that truly fully protects the investmetn I made in the Treo . One of the occasions caused an international phone call i didnt wan na pay ... anyways , I am a 4 star happy user , so go ahead and buy as it is with the above caveats a good deal .
 This product is made of great quality leather , however , it has a few minor set backs such as
 The finish on this product is nicely done , leather with accent stitching . The belt clip holds tightly , and there is a pouch inside enough to hold a credit card or an ID . Inserting more than two cards prevents the magnetic catch from holding however . It is also much thicker than I anticipated which you really notice under a sport coat and when bending down to pick something up . A Palm Pilot fits loosely inside , not a snug fit . Overall not a bad product , but could stand to be thinner and lighter weight .
 Nicest looking case for the Treo that I 've seen . Magnetized flap is a convenient feature . Simple , looks good , and it works -LRB- it 's just a case , after all ... -RRB-
 Ca n't beat the price for this case . Looks very well made . I would definitely recommend this to a friend . Much less expensive the one sold by my wireless carrier .
 The case I got from Verizon was broken within two weeks after I got it . I bought this one and it is much better than any others . Just buy it .
 I am very happy with this purchase - the case is solid with a pretty strong magnetic closure and very tight clip -LRB- it is a little hard to clip it to pants without a belt at first -RRB- . I do n't worry that my Treo is going to come popping out . A few people mentioned that they do n't like the movement inside the case or that their screen broke when it was hit . It does move a bit inside the case but it is very minimal . As far as the broken screen goes , you are supposed to put the screen facing inward - not sure if having the screen facing outward might have been the cause of that break . Regardless , I would n't wrestle or go running and expect this case to protect my Treo but I would n't expect that of any case ! I use it at work all the time -LRB- and I move around a lot -RRB- and have been very happy with the case .
 I love my Treo 700P Leather Pouch case . My wife and daughter kid me about how it looks like a man purse on my belt . But you know what , they can go pound salt . The magnetic flap really locks the phone securely into place.I am 150 % satisfied with this product . I do n't know what the others were talking about when they said the phone rattles around . My phone is nice and secure in the man purse . Ha Ha!Seriously , this is a great product . I would be sure to buy one before they sell out or change the configuration .
 After spending money on two covers that did not work due to low quality and design problems , I looked at reviews here at Amazon and noticed this model was one of the very few with good feedback.The leather is of a very good quality and so is the craftsmanship.This case does keep your Treo from being damaged and is comfortable to use.Two things you should know . There are times when the phone is activated by the case as it twists to contour your body.Also , you need to keep the keyboard side away from the magnet that keeps the cover closed . All in all a great product !
 This is a nice case . Fits very well on the belt and is not likely to come off . Generally protects the treo though it does have more openings in the case than most other cases . Sometimes it is good to go with the name brand case that is specifically made for the product . It has a little slot inside where you could put some business cards , maybe a credit card or some extra SD cards . But it wo n't fit all of them at the same time by any means . As far as appearance it is not very svelt but that is a treo you 're packing in there not SLVR . So it does look a little bulky hanging on your side . Probably not for the young and stylishly obsessive.After a month of use , I discovered it does n't protect your treo that well . I was on a trip recently . When I pulled my treo out , it had a cracked screen . It was n't like it received some great hit . I do n't even know when it happened . Anyway , I will still use the case with my replacement treo , but you 've been warned .
 This leather case is excellent quality as well great styling . Its the perfect fit for a consumer that is as particular as Treo users . There may be close immitations out there but nothing BETTER !
 Fits my treo perfectly . I can clip it to my belt or to my pocket and it doesnt get in the way . Its could be a little slimmer but better than other i compared it to . Excellent quality .
 The little pocket for visiting cards is n't much but the case is great and works and fits well . This is my second in about 2 years .
 I bought this product for my Treo 700wx . I am an active person in the tech field and this product replaced the first one that I bought - which lasted about 6 months . The case looks nice , but as it is worn on the belt , it tends to be ` in the way ' and can/does get caught on things . Being a thin sheet of leather over a sturdy frame it does rip . Amazon , as always , was great , the price -LRB- around $ 10 -RRB- means that despite the short coming of the durability , it 's well worth it .
 This is the 3rd case I 've used for this Treo and I have to say I 'm finally satisfied with one . This is a good looking case , it is compact and fits snugly against my waist . And most importantly , the phone is secure and never falls out !
 It keeps your Treo real snug yet it is easy to just pull out and use .
 Excellent quality for the money . Only downside is the clip is very tight at first .
 I purchased this pouch after quickly blowing through a simlar version from AccessoryOne , also available through Amazon . The Palm version is much better . The leather , stitching , and finish work are all superior . The other pouch looked good out of the box , but the stitching quickly came loose , the spring clip slowly opened so wide that it no longer held firm to my belt and then pant waistband . Finally the clip detached completely from the pouch . The Palm version has held up great . My only complaint , which has been discussed by others , is the weaker magnet in this version . I 've yet to have my Treo fall out , but have frequently found the flap pushed up from my jacket or even from brushing it with my arm .
 you should get this . It 's quality and shape is most desirable . The magnet never fails to close and it 's easy to pull the phone out . It fits the contours of the phone well and looks good too . I keep my credit card and license in it too so I do n't have to carry a wallet . How convenient .
 Great Qualtiy at a great price . Has very nice fit for my phone . Little hard putting on belt but can live with that ... Same as OEM but bettter price !!!
 I am pleased with the product , ease of use and quality . Price was good and delievery was on time .
 This Treo pouch is exactly as advertised . I received it new and on time . This is a nice leather case that will fit most cell and smart phones .
 I have had the clip for about 1 month now and I have to say it does exactly as advertised . It is the Palm OEM case . I have a treo 755p and it fits in there perfectly . As other people have noted , the clip is extremely stiff so clipping it onto your belt and removing it is pretty tough . I guess that is a good thing . The manetic flap works like a charm .
 I 've purchased this product 3 times already from this vendor and I am satisfied with each purchase . I will purchase again !
 I am a returning customer to this vendor . The product was shipped and arrived to me early and it was a quality product ... They are total winners here on Amazon .
 Nice looking , quality construction , soft leather . Only gripe , end/cross straps prevent inserting charger cable with Treo in case -LRB- as depicted in photos -RRB- . Work-around is to place Treo into case with antenna in bottom of case . Otherwise , nice piece of gear .
 I have had the case for about 5 months . Great product and is holding up great . It even has a little pocket in it for business cards .
 Handsome , high-quality case for my Treo 755P . One negative already reported by other reviewers
 The leather is really nice to the touch . Great quality . Magnetic clip is very convenient to use.It 's sort of bulky . The belt clip is way too hard to use .
 I 've had my Treo for three years . Have had a variety of cases , but I like this the most . Works as a holster and the magnetic latch secures it tightly in place .
 This is an awesome case , much , much better than what you can buy from verizon directly .
 I purchased the original version of this case about two years ago . I had completely worn it out . The old one functioned well but had an unbelievably tight clasp . I had to jam a pen between the case and the clasp in order to pry it open far enough to fit on my belt . The new version is still tight enough that you do n't have to worry about it accidentally getting knocked off yet it is easy to attached to your belt . As other reviewers have mentioned , the little pouch will hold business cards and/or an SD chip and is quite convenient .
 Very nice case . Magnetic closure does n't seem super secure , but I have not lost my phone yet . My last case had a snap , and I dropped my phone all the time . It was just too easy to not get the snap all the way closed , or to catch it on something and have it open . That does n't happen with the magnetic closure , so this is definitely a better solution .
 This case was PERFECT for me . It fit well even with a skin on my Treo . The belt clip is also VERY secure . Great quality too .
 This case is an excellent accessory for the Palm . Convienent , secures your phone and easy to use . The clip on the back of the case secures.You do not have to worry about case and phone falling off your belt.Great buy .
 I previously had one of those neoprene covers for my treo which worked out ok til the plastic belt clip broke off , though that also made the phone pretty bulky . So I was looking for more of a case which the phone could slip in and out off for my next case ... this has worked out well so far . The material feels relatively nice and not real cheap ... . only complaint is about the clip itself , which was mentioned in some other reviews - it can be hard to get on over some belts - for example I have a leather weaved belt which is a little thicker than a standard belt , and it is a bit difficult to get the clip on that belt . My other belts which are thinner , there is no problem.Overall though I have been fairly satisfied .
 This is an excellent product . I liked mine so much that I ordered one for my girlfriend . You can plug the headset in while your Treo is in its case ! The clip is very strong and WILL NOT bump off your belt accidently.The case appears -LRB- and smells like -RRB- to be genuine leather . It says PALM on it so it is original equipment . There is also a small pocket on the inside of the case you could put a credit card or two in . Overall its a great product !
 The Palm Holster for the TREO 650 & 700 is the best one I have fould yet . Fully protecting the unit and it stays on your belt as well as easy to acess or close the holder .
 I used to have the leather one from Palm with the metal snap . Loved it but when the snap finally wore out after 4 years I needed to buy a replacement . I was disapointed to find that it was no longer available -LRB- at least I could n't find it -RRB- . Bought this one and could n't be happier . LOVE the magnetic catch . Stays closed but flips open effortlessly . Pops shut all by itself.Not totally pumped about the white stiching though .
 Great case . Nice construction , very soft leather , and very sturdy . I 'm usually kind of rough on my pda cases , and this one has held up fine so far . The belt clip is extremely tight , but that just means it wo n't give out very quickly . My belt on the other hand is show some serious wear from where I clip it . Magnetic flap keeps it shut nicely , and my treo has n't fallen out yet .
 As noted elsewhere , this item has an extremely strong belt clip . So strong , in fact , that it simply wo n't fit on my leather belts at all . While I appreciate the fact that it is not as likely to slip off my belt as my previous unit was wont to do , I do n't like the fact that it is almost impossible to use with most of the belts in my business wardrobe . It looks like I 'm going to have to buy a second unit to use with leather belts.Other than that , it works well . The fit and finish are excellent , the clasp works well enough to secure the pda in the case and I did n't experience problems with it other than noted above .
 I spent a good bit of time reading Amazon reviews about Treo cases . Most of the cases had very mixed reviews . My Palm One Treo 700/650 Pouch Leather Case is stylish with a nice soft leather . At first my Treo moved around a little in the case . This little movement was not very noticable or bothersome . After I remembered the little pocket inside the case , I put 4 business cards inside . These were just enough to keep my Treo from moving . Actually the pocket ca n't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the Treo in the case . I really like the magnetic flap . It 's easy to open and close . Finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt .
 I like the case very much . The quality of the leather and clip seem good . I have had one other case that had a stronger magnetic closure -- that would be my only suggestion.The case is slightly roomier than some and has a pocket in which a couple of SD cards can be stored . Unlike some others , I can actually fit my Treo 650 with a `` skin '' case in this leather pouch .
 This pouch attaches firmly to ones belt and does not fall off . The Treo 650 is oriented parallel to the bend in your hip that keeps if from snagging on other objects such as chair arms or seat belts . The Treo is easy to access via the magnetic closer . I orient the antenna to the back -LRB- it can be done either way -RRB- . The plug-in opening on the end of the Treo facilitates lifting the end of the Treo for extraction from the pouch . This is the best cell phone belt attachment that I have ever used .
 This is the Palm OEM version and fits great and looks as good . After 3 months , no issues at all . Also has two small pockets for SD cards which is not noted in the ad . Great value , about 40 % less than what Palm was selling it for .
 I bought this case to replace an old horizontal leather case I used with my old Treo 650 . But now that I have a 700p , I thought I would also purchase a new case for it . The case is made out of good quality leather and the stitching is also done nicely in white to give the case some contrast from the pure black leather . It 's subtle and looks professional . There are two small pockets inside the case that holds SD memory cards if you need it . The flap uses a magnetic locking mechanism to keep the case closed . It is different from other magnetic closures in that the entire flap is a magnet and makes it very easy to close and open the case . This also makes for a very tight closure and I never feel that the phone will pop out of the case and it has n't happened yet ! : -RRB- The only negative for this case is that the phone moves a little bit inside the case . If the size of the case was just a little smaller , it would have a tighter fit . Right now , I will sometimes feel the phone wiggle in there while I am walking down the street . Sometimes I think my phone is vibrating but it 's actually just moving inside the case.But overall , I like the build quality of this case and would recommend it to others . I do n't think you will find the same quality leather and stitching for the same price online .
 I too liked the case . However , my clip fell off after I rode an amusement ride and got it slightly wet . Oops , I reattached it three times , first with glue , then with wire , then with glue and wire only to have it fall apart . I may buy it again -- but be sure to keep it out of the rain !
 This case has worked out well for me . It holds the phone nicely and had a little room for business cards , money or something else slim . The clip holds nice and tightly to my pants or belt and I 've had no trouble with it slipping or opening .
 great sturdy case with strong magnetic closure leather is good qualitywhat more is there to say ?
 Firstly I am a med student who is constantly accessing my Treo to look up stuff . I wear it on my scrubs and it has yet to fall off in over a month . I wear it under surgical gowns with no problem . I have had other cases that fell off every time I went to grab my phone.The case itself is professional looking and rather unassuming . It is constructed of seemingly high quality leather -LRB- for the price , this is not Coach -RRB- . The magnet is relatively strong but very easy to open with a single finger if need be . I have not found it to be too roomy as some reviewers have . In fact my treo fits just fine . Then again I am not running or jumping up and down all the time with my phone attached to my belt.Overall I think I paid like 7 bucks for this thing and it has worked out very nicely.I recommend the product .
 Fits wonderfully , looks great . Excellent quality materials and make , grabs belt strongly , maybe a bit too tight when trying to attach , but super safe once attached .
 Good case , nice leather - very soft and supple . I find the horizontal hold on the hip more comforatble than cases what hold the device vertically . Also like the inside pocket big enough for a few business cards or credit cards , and the magnetic clasp . Well designed little case for a good price .
 This Product was very good , i have n't faced any problems with it . The quality is good , easy to carry , but only difficult i faced with this is while hooking this to belt of my trousers , it is hard to hook and remove , once it was hooked thats it ! tornados cant move it ...
 The case is easy to use and hold securely to my belt or waistband . My phone is easy to put in and get out when I want it out , but remains secure when I do n't need it.The only problem I had is with the belt clip . It came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip . The belt clip is very tight , and the second time I put it on my belt , the leather covering it tore and came off . It really did n't affect the functioning at all , but I was annoyed that something I just purchased came apart on the second use .
 Soft , yet very sturdy . Quality stitching . My Treo 700 fits easily inside . The business card pocket on the inside holds about 5 cards comfortably -LRB- you could probably stuff 8 in there if you really wanted to -RRB- . My only complaint is the belt clip . It 's very stiff and somewhat difficult to hook over my belt . The good news is that once it 's attached , it 's in no danger of falling off !
 Purchased the pouch because I kept my phone in my front pants pocket and half the time I would accidentally hang up on the caller . I have n't had that problem since this purchase .
 I have a Treo 755p and finding a decent side pouch for it was difficult . At one point I considered a Vaja case , but could n't justify paying $ 60 + for a case . I tried out another side pouch and it fit perfectly except one problem . The inside lining was some sort of soft material -LRB- felt perhaps ? -RRB- and since the 755p has the soft grip exterior , it made taking the Treo out a chore.I finally decided on the Palm case and after some price comparisons , Amazon was the cheapest . I like this case , however it has its pros and cons.Pros
 This product is made of genuine leather , I get a feeling of good and proper protection for my treo 750 . Initially it was slightly tight fit for my treo but after a week it relaxed and now I feel comfortable in taking phone in and out of this pouch.Very much worth for the amount you pay . This is a very good product .
 Love it . It hangs onto my belt nicely . The clip is firm and will last a long time . The leather wrapping on the clip might not though . The magnetic flap is just fine
 Works exactly as it should . Great material , looks like it will last . Has a nice little pocket for business cards . And will hold my phone even with my hard case on it .
 This is a very good product . It 's worth the price . I 'm still enjoying it .
 Para mi gusto esta un poco mas ancho de lo que yo esperaba .
 Got what I ordered at a reasonable price . I was given status of my order so there were no surprises . Order can in a timely manner . I was very please . this is the OEM case and it works great with my Palm 755p .
 I figured out that Treo brand 700/650 cases fit the PPC-6700 when a friend swapped out his Treo for a Blackberry and gave me the case . I bought this one to have a spare . Shipped quickly and is exactly as ordered .
 Very happy with this quality case . After going through 2 other flip type cases for my Treo in 2 years I thought I would try this style . It works very well and after a few weeks I am surprised how much I like it .
 Good product if you are still carrying a Razor . I do n't need a smart phone . Maybe one day .
 Brand new and in perfect working condition . Shipped the same day and received 2 days later . Ca n't ask for better than that .
 I purchased this because I was tired of my cell phone battery running low while I was driving . This chsrger allows my phone to be charged while in the car when I am running errands . The cheap price and good workmanship made this a worthwhile purchase .
 This is very inexpensive and works just fine . I had the original Motorola car charger which one day just stopped working . If these things are n't made to last , I 'd rather buy the less expensive generic version . Great buy for the money !
 Works Great ! Charges quicker than a wall charger . Very inexpensive . Never buy these things in Big-box Stores like BestBuy or Walmart , because they put so much markup on them . Always buy electronics and accessories online . Fast Shipping . Thanks .
 I ca n't believe the price markup on this product . I hope it works as long as I have my Phone
 This device works great . It was cheap and pretty tough , so if you drop it , do n't worry , it wo n't break .
 you can tell that the quality is not as good as the one you would get in a retail store . but it does the job well and i have never had a problem with it .
 I bought this car charger for my cell phone to keep in the car just in case my cell phone runs low on batteries when I need it while out and about . I have n't used it yet , but keep it handy . I think it will be great .
 It 's not rocket science ... it works or it does n't . The device works fine . My only `` complaint '' is that the cord is a bit short but that is of lesser concern considering the price . The short cord is the only reason it did n't get a 5 star rating . It 's well worth the money .
 What can I say ? It costs less than $ 4 -LRB- that includes shipping -RRB- and it works .
 Charger works great and costs very little . I 've had it for months without any problems whatsoever . Priced under $ 3 , you can not find a better deal anywhere else .
 Like the fact that it is lightweight and does not take up to much space . Yes , I would purchase another one .
 this was putchased for my grandaughter . She has used this frequently it came in very handy on vacation last summer .
 bought this for my husband for his phone needed it for a phone we bought a at a yard sale we knew were to look amazon he he
 This is the best and the cheapest charger I ever bought . In the past I bought two brand name charger , they were pour trash . They did n't last even weeks . I recommend this product and the seller very strongly to everybody .
 The price of the charger was excellent . This is a very good product . I would definitely order the same charger again if the need ever arises .
 My opinion is based on having Verizon service for five years and using several phones -LRB- LG and Motorola -RRB- . This is hands down the best phone I 've ever had . I noted one user complained about battery life and also noted they seem to be using it a lot in weak signal area . This is a trimode phone that may flip to analog mode in a weak area . If that happens , any analog phone will suck the battery dry in no time . they should configure the phone to prevent flipping to analog mode.I wanted analog because there is a large section of backwoods Texas that has the old GTE analog service still present . The rest of the time , I am around big cities and strong digital network presence . I travel all of the US in my job and use the phone everywhere . My previous phone was a VX4400 which had some bugs . This phone is everything the VX4400 should have been , plus it has a very loud ringer , vibrator , and one of the better speakers I 've heard on a cell phone.I love the small size and light weight . This phone was acquired on a `` new every two '' plan . I originally got the VX6100 and found that it was more cumbersome , had shorter battery life and a tinny sounding speaker . I had no use for the camera , so traded back for the VX3300 . My wife has had the VX3200 for over a year and she loves it . This is the latest re-incarnation of the VX3200.I purchased the mobile office kit and it works well with this phone . I 've used Verizon digital network service with my PC for two years and its been a real boost when I am in the airport and need to do some email without having to pay extra.One of these days I 'll have a blackberry or treo when my company will let me hook it into our corporate email system . Until then , this is perfect for what I want .
 I 've always had a Verizon phone , but I 've always had trouble with them . I 'm a phone abuser , and when it comes to cheap phones , they never last long . Until recently I was using a very cheap Motorola , and it could not stand up to my abuses . I finally switched to this phone , and I must say , I 'm very happy.I 've never felt the need for a camera phone , interchangable faceplates , downloading ringtones , or even playing games on my phone . Voice-activated dialing and text-messaging have been things I like to use , and this LG is great for them.The huge colour display is a plus . I 've never liked squinting at a tiny , monochrome LCD display -- like I said , cheap phones . The display is easy to read , and very bright ; you can even use it as a flashlight . The buttons are easy to read and easy to press . I have no trouble dialing or answering calls.The features on this phone are also excellent , albeit limited . I use the calandar function all the time , and it 's simple and easy to write down appointments and dates to remember . The alarm is clear and loud , louder than my alarm clock next to my bed . The speakerphone is also great . It 's loud , crisp , and no one has trouble hearing me on the other end.While I 've never been a fan of interchangeable faceplates , the LG does n't disappoint me . I use the one in the picture because I 'm too lazy to actually buy a new one , but the ones LG offers are great.Overall , this is an excellent phone
 We had 4 of the 3200 on a family plan , but recently one of them got lost and I had to buy a replacement . Alas , the great 3200 was n't available anymore , so I got this one instead . Still a good phone , but not nearly as good as the phone it replaces.First , for reasons I do n't understand , LG removed the charger jack . You now have to charge the phone through the accessory connector , which means that you probably are going to keep the rubber cover for that connector permanently off the phone or it becomes tedious . This is a real step back.Second , the phone has lots of additional silly ringtones , but far fewer `` normal '' rings . I assume that they are trying to position the phone specifically as a `` kid and teenager '' phone and try to discourage adults from buying it . Guess what
 If you do not need a camera , video camera or some other new fancy feature but still want a nice phone , this is the one for you . It has the nice features like voice activated dialing , the best speakerphone I have ever heard , ringtones etc. . It also has changable nameplates and I had no trouble finding a lot of nameplates and other items to customize my phone .
 Just like I wanted , a phone that serve my needs without all that fluff . I do n't particular care for a camera or video . I just wanted a phone that will do the job of making and receiving calls . I found this phone which was perfect . I particularly like the speaker part because it enables me to type with two hands while on the phone , when surfing the net for info . I chose this one because I do n't see myself using the aforementioned features . I have a digital camera for pictures and video . The one thing I do n't like is when setting appointments . There are only defaulted amounts and not ones you want to create . I 've had this phone since December and satisfied .
 I was a Audiovox/Verizon user from 1997-2001 then I fell into the hype of T-Mobile/Samsung . I liked my Samsung but the srvice sucked , my brothers could make a call standing next to me while my screen said no service . So I an now a Verizon/LG-VX 3300 user CNET reveiwed this phone a gave it a 7.3 very good rating which was higher than the Samsung I had . So far service is clear and the phone feels solid . Can not complain though the phones were free and I paid no connection fees -LRB- Federal Employee -RRB- .
 This is a very basic , no frills phone that gets a good signal , trimode for someone who travels as much as my wife , and compact so it can fit into any purse she has . The battery life is that of any other motorolla or samsung that I have owned or had friends own , and the best part is , is this was a give away phone . I would recommend this phone , or it 's newer younger brother the VX3400 to anyone who needs to have a second number in the household , or for a son or daughter who just needs a phone to keep in the glovebox for travel .
 This is my first cell phone . I had to decide between the VX 3300 and the VX 6100 , so my review is mainly a comparison between these two LG tri-mode phones.Call quality -LRB- subjective -RRB-
 I just got this phone today . I have had alot of time with it . The picture on the LG is great nice , bright , and easy to read . Comes with cool ringtones to chose from . -LSB- I have the Can-Can . -RSB- I am 11 years old and it is awesome for a kid my age , you know without the camera an all that `` jazzy '' stuff in it . If your looking for a basic phone for kids or adults pick this one !!
 For a basic no-frills cellphone , this one is hard to beat .
 I think this phone is great for what it does ... It is a striped down phone that connects to a great network flawlessly.In response to the previous review maybe you should take a look at the Motorola v260 the Kyocera kx1 or the LG vx4650 . But it is interesting that your objection to the phone is the ring tones ! You say you want a striped down phone but are willing to switch networks to get different ring tones ? If you do n't want a kid-targeted phone then why would you want a kid-targeted network ?
 This really was an awesome phone ... for the first 9 months.After 9 months , though , the battery has gone from lasting 3 days to about 8 hours.If I can make it to my next free phone -LRB- 2 more months -RRB- , I 'll get another one just like it .
 I got this phone as part of an employee discount program my husband 's company had , and I was able to choose from about a dozen phones . In the past I have worked where camera phones are not permitted at the place of employment , so I wanted to get `` just a phone '' without all of the extra goodies in case I worked again at a similar employer.I usually have good reception with this phone , and bought it because it was one of the few that had an external antenna . The size is nice -LRB- I do n't even bother with a case , it 's small enough to fit in my pocket -RRB- and the voice quality is quite good -- many times people do not know I am on a cell.This phone works well enough that I did not get landline service when we recently moved . I would certainly recommend this phone to anyone wanting a reliable phone without 3000 glitzy features .
 This was my first phone and because I really wanted one I just got a simple one until I could afford a camera phone . But this one is great !!!!!!!!!!! It has many good features like voice dialing and interchangable faceplates which is a great feature for a phone if you want to be able to change the faceplate to match your mood or outfit . I have dropped it many times and it has held up quite well , this phone is very durable , very stylish , and cool it is perfect as a first phone for kids , very good quality !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have had this phone for about two years now and it is still going strong . Over the past few months the battery life has started to wane , but I do charge it a lot so that could be my fault.I have dropped this phone more times than I can count , it has gotten wet , it has gotten cold and has never given me a problem . It does not have a camera or mp3 player and Verizon has stopped providing new ringers for this model -- they use to have them , but they stopped about a year ago.The only serious gripe that I have with this phone is the fact that it will not vibrate on silent . It does vibrate , but only with the ringer at the highest setting , so forget being able to discretely get a call with a vibrate feature . If it had that feature I would buy another one , but I think I will have to choose a different phone this time -LRB- it is upgrade time -RRB- because I really like a phone to be able to vibrate without ringing . ** note
 My roomate just got this phone because her old one finally wore itself out . This one is sturdy , has good weight to it , and the menu is easy to navigate.the vibrator on this puppy is excellent . i can hear it no matter where it is in the room we share . in her backpack under all her books ? hear it . vibrating on her bed ? hear it . it 's a sturdy little phone.it holds up well to falls . we 're in college , come on , we party ! it gets dropped and sat on . it takes a lick and keeps on tickin ! it 's a great little phone . sad part is there 's no camera , which her last one had . if you 're just getting a phone - it 's great ; if you 've already had a camera phone , you 'll feel cheeted . unless you just never used your camera on your phone.changing the covers is easier said than done . because its an LG , they screw in the top cover and put the tiniest screws under gushy little pieces of rubber . if you plan on changing your phones look , you will definately want to have a small screw driver , one that 's just one size above glasses screwdrivers . it 's really an odd size and proves to be a hassle.I do n't know how long the battery can hold up because she plugs it in everynight . but if you do n't want your phone to ring while it 's plugged in - this phone also vibrates while plugged into the wall . my phones have n't done that , and i 'm a little jealous ! what if i do n't want to be woken up by a ringer at 4 am ? ya know?all in all this phone gets a 4 -LRB- even tho i put 5 -RRB- for those little things about it
 Works Fine with my z525a , had no use for the software as PC suite was not listed for this model
 Cable works with P990iDid not try the software.Original cable unplug easyer .
 everything is protected except the screen . be careful its not to snug on the phone so dirt can make its way down over the phone . love how i can text w/o hearing that annoying click of my finger nails on the keys . easy to press thru . no problems hearing on calls either . great buy !
 This light pink case fits my 8100 Blackberry perfectly and the price is definitely right ! Shipping was also very quick ! Definitely recommend .
 Super impressed at previous rating 's accuracy . Does n't make the phone look big ; does hide the light of the letters/numbers so you do have to know them -LRB- most people know their `` home row '' by now -RRB- ; trackball is a little deeper so limits being able to scroll fast -- relevent if you are an avid and fast user . I also read that it slightly muffles speakerphone , which I also agree with . BUT , this is the best cover I 've owned . I 've had a lot of phones with different covers , holsters , etc. . But this one is great ! If it 's in my pocket or bag , the screen does n't get as scratched because the thin rubber is raised from the screen , so anything that rubs against will hit the rubber before the screen . I 've also dropped it with no software glitches . I was also worried about taking the skin on and off frequently because I thought it would stretch , but it has n't and I 've had to take it off at least once a day . Finally , I often put it in my car somewhere while driving , and the rubber allows it to sit perfectly wherever as opposed to diving into the opposite corner of my car when I turn a corner.Only additional negative I would add is that the rubber makes it sticky to shove the phone into your back pocket . OH ! and I read complaints on a blackberry forum that users were complaining about their trackball getting stuck -- any many people replied that it was because the phone was being tucked into pants pockets . This skin eliminates that because it adds that slightly extra depth so your track ball is n't pushed or abused in your pocket.Shoot , I should get paid to endorse this ! Haha !
 Fits snug and does not increase size of phone at all . Definitely happy with purchase . Only downside is that the cover prtects the keys fully but in doing so hides the glow in the dark feature of the keys . Not a big issue once the keys are memorized and it keeps dirt etc from getting into them .
 I 'm very surprised with these reviews . I purchased this case in May of 2007 and I 'm still using it for my Blackberry pearl . The letters have not faded , and I write a lot of emails with it . I find that the rubber is of very good quality and that it covers the phone very well.The good part about the case is that I 've dropped it many times and the rubber acts like a bumper to the phone . Although I 've had the Pearl for almost two years now , it looks brand new . I have no scratches on my phone at all . Dust does get in it through the back , but it 's easy to clean . This phone does give you a lot of coverage , more so than most other covers out there , which do n't cover the input keys.Yes , the case does make the trackball a bit deeper , but I got used to it right away , so it does n't annoy me . Also , the keys do n't light up at night because they are covered , however if you use your blackberry like me , you know all of them by heart already : -RRB- In general , I feel that the pros definitely outweigh the cons . In the end you are getting this case to protect your phone and this is something that the case does well .
 This has been a great case ! I tend to abuse my keyboard , and after a year , the case still looks new . I thought that the letters would have rubbed off by now , but they are still pretty bright . The rubber gives the phone a more comfortable feel when typing . It definitely gives you more grip . I recommend it highly as my phone does not have any scratches .
 A very neat case for the price paid . The only ` issue ' -LRB- as mentioned by others as well -RRB- is that at night , the lit keys are not seen since the case covers the keypad . I like it overall .
 I whent to by this to my phone dealer and they wanted 24 dollars , got it thrugh amazon for 1.22 + shiping = 6.00 dollars , I even think this one is better than the one I saw before
 They both fit perfectly and now my phone wont carry the nick name of Chip !
 This was a lovely purchase the gift went over very well &#8230; The item is still being used Love it Thank you
 I do not understand why so many people rate this product negatively . This product was included as a bonus with my purchase and it has been an invaluable tool for me .
 What evenr this was , it probably helped me `` getting started '' on the Sony Ericsson T610 I purchased way back in 2004 . Worked great . In fact , I think the phone still works fine today !
 This Getting Started Guide listed information and instructions on what to do with my new phone to get it working . The Guide -LRB- it 's one piece of paper -RRB- lists instructions for New AT&T ; Customers , Existing AT&T ; Customers and there is also a section for Troubleshooting.I followed the instructions listed under Existing AT&T ; Customers and everything went smooth ! My new , beautiful phone was up and running very quickly , with no problems !
 Yes when you get this paper insert , go to your fireplace , make sure your damper is open and then light a match to this baby and you will see the true value of this insert . I give it 5 stars for the pretty colors that are created when it goes up in smoke .
 I give this five stars because I ca n't find anything wrong with this product . Come to think of it , I ca n't even find it . I do n't even know what this is !!! I think the other reviewers were too harsh with their ratings . This sheet of paper makes me want to buy another $ 250 cell phone just to get another one of these inserts !! It 's funny but , this review made my day . Amazon is the best !!
 It is great to find quality products at an affordable price . Need a good battery . The people that I purchased form on Amazon were great .
 Motorola QI 've had this phone for about a week now , and it 's the best phone I 've ever had . I 'm able to watch tv , movies browse the web all in real time ! I highly recommend this phone .
 I would like to THANK YOU !! for a wonderful service and a very fast transmission of info leading to me receiving my item in what i think is a `` record time '' , - USA/QATAR-Thank you again and again.Five stars , thumbs up and cheers.Consider me as a permanent buyer and feel free to use my review as a commercial text for everyone to know and experience what i have known and experienced . . Thanks again!Yours sincerelyRAMI G. TARRAF -LRB- Doha , Qatar -RRB-
 it does what it says but the design is goofy and takes up more room then its needs .
 I use them mostly for listening to podcasts and music on my Pearl . The audio quality is not the best in the world compared to high end ear buds -LRB- I use $ 300 Shure earbuds with my iPod -RRB- but these work fine . There is a pause button built into the right earbud , which is handy.The little rubber `` clips '' on the earbuds work well to keep them in place while jogging.This also works really well as a headset for phone calls . I find that having an earbud in both ears is nice for phone calls as it helps block out noise . The Microphone seems to work well also.All in all a good headset . I gave it a five because it does exactly what I wanted it to do . Audio quality for music could be a little better I guess but I 'm trying to be realistic about expectations .
 On the Plantronics website there is a compatibility guide that tells you up front whether or not the device is compatible with your phone , computer , etc. .
 5 stars on stereo quality sound . the ear clips hold the buds in securely and the sound is much better than many typical earbuds -LRB- like the ipod ones -RRB- . the mic is weak because it is free-hanging . people who called my phone said i sounded quiet , although not static-y , so it definately is n't as bad as it could be . the button on the right earbud is easy to use . i would recommend this product because of the low price and ease of use . i am using mine with the samsung sch u-740 cell phone and had no compatibility problems at all .
 I have bought all kinds of headphones and earbuds and these are the best I have found . I always have a problem keeping earbuds in my ears but these stay in even while running and they are very confortable . The design is genius !
 Great sound and product.When shipped to me , I thought I ordered the black one and ended up getting the white one.Still , very satisfied . Would buy again or recommend to a buddy !
 My family often goes on long drive vacations and these allow constant communication among all who have a walky-talky that can use this device , never a dead battery , never out of communication .
 I could not be any more happy than I already Iam with my new Charger especially since I have been without my cell phone since the early part of October , We thought that it was the battery but when the old charger would n't charge the new battery than we decided that it must have been the Charger and the new charger charged the new Battery without any problems .
 Got this on United Airlines Dutyy Free . Works great and much better than anything I had been using . Wish it worked off vehicle power but one AAA lasts a long time .
 I am about to get a virgin phone . Every review i had saw so far said that this is the best virgin phone . I am very interested to get my phone by the end of the month . Does anyone know how to work the screen-savers and wallpapers lol ?? Thanks a lot !
 this fone looks SO GREAT !!! im about to get it soon , in like a week or two , but i read all i could about it , and IT 'S AWSOME !!! i would recomend this fone to anyone who needs a small , lightweight , easy-to-use fone that can get money on it ANYTIME !!! prepaid fones SOOOOOO beat contracts , because if you have a plan , they give you so many miutes , and when u run out , u ' r out , unless you decied to buy a couple minutes -LRB- depending on ur service -RRB- for 25 cents a minute !!! what kind of deal is that ? and even if you do n't use all your minutes you bought with a plan , you still get charged !!! with Virgin Mobile , all you have to do is just buy new minutes , AS YOU WANT , even if you do n't need anymore , when you need them , aka within 90 days to keep it on !! how smart !!! and people say that ringtones are a rip-off , but i do n't thik so , because that 's just one way to EXPRESS yourself , and it 's only two dollars !!! wow , i mean , that 's not alot . if you do n't want to pay 2.00 , just do n't buy them , or other people can buy them for you !!! it 's that simple !! and what way is better then having a choice ? you do n't have to buy them !!!
 VIRING MOBILE AND THIS PHONE IS SO GOOOD !!! THE PHONE ALWAYS HAS A SIGNAL AND VIRGIN MOBILE IS THE BEST PREPAID PLAN OUT THERE BECAUSE THERE IS NO BILL , CHEAP MINUTES , AND TEXT MESSAGIN ... YOU CA N'T DOWNLOAD RINGTONES OFF YOUR COMPUTER TO THIS PHONE BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO GO THE VIRGIN MOBILE USA WEBSITE TO FIND THEM ... OVERALL I LOVE IT !!!
 I bought this phone not too long ago and it has served me quite well . It had a voice mail I could actually set up -LRB- unlike my last phone -RRB- and is light weight and efficiant . But being a teen , as I am , I of course have to customize it to my liking . Enter Virgin Xtras . For a dime out of ones account it opens a close to endless link of information and fun from MTV . This is also the first phone to feature `` Superphonic Ringtones '' a.k.a ringtones that are actually part of a song insted of the basic rhythm and beats of monophonic and polyphonic ringtones . I 'm in ecstacy over this ; I can have all my favorite songs come out of my phone ! The only problem ... these ringtones costs $ 2.50 . I know that doesnt seem like much , but if your like me , it can quickly build up on you if you get in the habit of added EVERY song you like . So the Xtras are expencive , but I believe they are worth it . The only other bad thing I can think of about this phone is that you can not download backrounds or screensavers , your stuck with what they give you , which is to say , not much . Other than that , I find this phone to be a perfect companion for a teen-on-the-go .
 I purchased my 8610 about 2 months ago and immediately I loved it . It has awesome futures like a color screen , buttons that are easy to access , the flip feature that allows you to answer and hang up easily , and cheap text messages -LRB- $ .10 to send , free to receive -RRB- . But after about a month I began to realize the downfalls of the service provider . First I 've ended up spending upwards of $ 80 a month to maintain enough money on the phone to make calls ; second Virgin Mobile runs its service off of Sprint which in my opinion is horrible . There are only certain places that I can make calls and they are frequently dropped , on the coverage map that you can find on the virgin mobile web site it shows that where I live -LRB- southern Ohio -RRB- is fully covered ; it 's not . The final thing that I find really annoying about this phone is that when I download ring tones , for about $ 2.50 each , I ca n't hear them when the phone rings , even if the phone is sitting right next to me and on the highest ring setting . Overall the phone it self is great , just not the service .
 I have no complaints whatsoever about this phone . Great audio , nice menus , and easy to press buttons .
 Hey I 'm Rebecca -LRB- rcitykitty -RRB- That other review above about the `` warning of the customer service '' is ridiculous . Once I had my phone stolen and customer service helped me through it , were quick in replying to my order for a new phone , and even paid for the minutes the thief used ! It 's the best customer service I 've seen for any company , hands down . This phone has great features , and cool ringtones . It 's a great deal for it 's price and it has cool color screen backgrounds . I would give this phone the best rating possible !
 Ive been a Virgin Mobile user for about 6 months now and it is the best choice ive ever made . . not only are their phones great ... they treat their customers with care and they load you with cool things to use up on your phone ... texting . . real song ringtones ... access to mtv features ... everything you would ever want ... and you only pay for what you use and there are no hidden charges or fees !!! . . so come on ... join Virgin Mobile Paygoism today !!!!
 There are more inaccuracies in lookout guys review then I care to write about , let me dispel one . I 've used Virgin 's minute2minute plan for over a year . There simply are NO hidden fees . The deal is 25 cents a minute period . After ten minutes in any one day the per minute charge is reduced to 10 cents a minute . That 's it . No extra charges , no hidden fees . I can only guess he thinks it should be 10 cents a minute always and they over-charge a $ 1.50 in `` hidden '' fees for the first ten minutes . Virgin says in black and white 25 cents a minute and that 's what they charge , nothing is hidden or added . If you use 300 minutes a month this is NOT the plan for you . This plan is only economical for users who rarely use their phone . Previously , I was on the cheapest monthly plan I could find at the time $ 19.95 a month for a set amount of anytime minutes . Talk about extra fees ! My bill was over $ 25 a month , that 's an extra 25 percent charge in fees and taxes every month ! I never used all my minutes -LRB- no , roll-over on such an inexpensive plan -RRB- . Now I prepay $ 20 once every Three months -LRB- the least amount you must to keep the phone activated -RRB- , thats $ 80 a year ! No extra fees or taxes , $ 20 dollars spent is $ 20 of use . If I do n't use all of the $ 20 -LRB- or any of it , for that matter -RRB- it does n't disappear.By the way the Vox 8610 is a decent little phone
 Wow ! I can not believe the price tag on this phone ! It 's great!Features - > Flip Design > External Caller ID -LRB- 1 Inch -RRB- -LRB- White Backlight -RRB- > Full Color Screen -LRB- 1.8 Inch -RRB- -LRB- White Backlight -RRB- > 2-Way Speakerphone > 2-Way Text Messaging -LRB- 10 Cents to Send/Free to Receive -RRB- > Free Voicemail > Song ID > Two Entertaining Games > Free E-Mail Address ~ YourNumber@vmobl.com&gt;Exclusive Content from MTV and VH1 > Real Music Clips for Ringtones ! -LRB- $ 2.50 Each -RRB- > Rubber Keypad -LRB- Green Backlight -RRB- > Customized Ringtones & Graphics from Virgin Mobile > Volume Control Buttons on Left Side Panel > Single Button to activate External Caller ID Backlight on Left Side PanelINCLUDED IN BOX : > Audiovox Vox 8610 Handset > Compatible Battery > Home Charger > $ 10 Starter Airtime > When you activate your phone online you can get $ 5 extra balance for free ! -LRB- Note
 I bought this phone about 2 weeks ago . I loved it since i got it . Virgin mobile has a great `` Pay_as_you_go '' service . They have great customer support and its the cheapest Prepaid ever!its .25 a min for the first 10 mins of the day , and after that its only .10 a min ! thats very cheap compaired to T-Mobile 's Easyspeak , That was .30 a min everyday!Virgin mobile : .10 x120 -LRB- 2hrs -RRB- = 12.00T-Mobile
 This phone is great for anyone starting with a phone . With Virgin Mobile as the service provider , it could n't get any better with their low rates . But , i am reviewing this phone , so let 's get to the pros and cons.Pros : Color screenVirgin Mobile Serice ProviderSturdyEasy to useConvenientGood SignalNice , compact , sophisticated lookMP3 RingtonesExcellent Battery LifeGamesYOU CAN TOP-UP RIGHT FROM YOUR PHONEPhonebook is easy to use , and you can store 3 #s plus an e-mail to each contactCons : You ca n't buy new wallpapers for itLoose flip mechanism , but still works
 ok ill start with telling you why this is such a great phone1 . cool flip phone with external clock and caller id2 . amazingly detailed color screen3 . battery charges very fast4 . Speakerphone-great feature5 . downloadable superphonic ringtones that are the actual song , and the phone comes with 3 free ones6 . 2 great games-blackjack , magic hexa -LRB- tetris -RRB- that are very addictingthere are no downsides to the fone other than there are no downloadable backrounds.the service -LRB- virgin mobile -RRB- is amazing.you pay only 25 cents a miniute / ten cents after 10 minutes . fone comes with 40 free minutes to start u off . I 've had no proplems with reception and rarely have to even raise the antenna . u have to pay 20 $ every 3 months to keep it active , but i find it easy to use 80 minutes in 90 days , and unused minutes roll over anyway.overall this is an amazing cell phone and i recommend it to anyone that has $ 100 to spend on it . i dont think it is very expensive for such a great phone .
 Bought two phones and cards -LRB- and rechargers -RRB- as gifts for traveling parents who do n't `` need or want '' cell phones . Told them both they are more for us than them so that we would n't worry if they found themselves in trouble on the road . Easy for us to moniter and replace minutes , so they have no worries other than being instructed in the initial use and remembering these instructions . The manual is easy to follow . Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint network and coverage is fairly good.For us , this has been a great find and we recommend it for those in similar situations
 Like many other reviewers I was not using enough minutes to justify a monthly plan . I had been interested in Virgin Mobile 's pay-as-you-go plan and was excited when they came out with their beautiful new flip phone . After buying it , I have almost no complaints . The color screen is great , the games that come with it are fun little extras , and it 's very easy to use . It also comes with a world clock , scheduler , calculator , and up to three alarms you can set -LRB- so do n't pay $ .25 each to buy them off virgin -RRB- . The wallpapers that come with it are okay , though I am not a fan of the ringtones . Right now virgin has a promo and you can get three free ringtones off their site though , so take advantage of it while you can . The only negative thing I would say about this phone is that the coverage could be better ... but as long as you do n't live in the middle of nowhere you should be okay .
 I bought two of these phones with Virgin Mobile 's prepaid service for myself and my husband . We 've had them about 2-3 weeks , and are amazed at the clarity of reception and the strength of the connections . AT&T ; 's were never this clear , and we had the ` premium ' GSM digital service . When we decide the kids can have a cell phone , we 're planning on going with these . They 'll have to earn the $ $ to keep their phone -LRB- s -RRB- charged by helping out around the house.I thought it was VERY cool that the user calls Virgin , and activates their new cell phone over their home phone . I was astounded that what took approximately 5-10 minutes per phone was what the ` contract ' services charge $ 35 or more for . It really was easy ; the support person was very friendly and helpful , too .
 This phone is great ! I got it for Christmas and it works like a charm ! The loud speaker is excellent and the ringtones are cool . Some of the wallpapers are a bit weird but they have nice ones too . The ringtones are loud and you can easily hear it ringing . the LCD screen is big and the menus are easy to navigate . The buttons are a comfortable size and I love this phone . So far I have n't found any flaws at all and the phone has great battery life . I had to keep it on for a few hours and the bars stayed the same ! I highly reccomend this phone to any who like it . The phone is light weight and small and it does n't get in the way ! I love this phone and have encouraged someone to get one already . Even though it does n't have a camera , I 'd say that it is still great ! As for the cons ... I can not think of any and anyone who says that you can not hear it ring or Virgin Mobile is no good has the wrong company . Virgin Mobile is great but not designed for those people who are on their phones all day . It 's not the phone 's fault .
 I have had this phone for just over a year now and it has overall been a very reliable phone . The Sprint coverage isnt always the greatest , it will occasionally lost signal in buildings -LRB- not often -RRB- . It might be better in other areas . It gets the job done . The voicemail system is very simple and easy to use . I have friends that have expensive monthly plans , and they cant even figure out how to set their voicemail up . This is not a problem with Virgin . As for features , you cant download games or browse the net , which is a little dissapointing considering that my brothers new Tmobile To go prepaid phone lets him do both of these things . And it is a cheaper phone . I personally have not had problems with the ringtone or vibration , its loud enough for me and vibrates enough too . The only REAL complaint ive had is that if your in even a slightly noisy room , it will often be difficult to hear the person talking on the other end . I often have to retreat to a quiet place when I use it in public , where my friends can talk on theirs and hear fine . I have the volume turned up as loud as it can go and it still just dosnt quite cut it . That is my only real complaint , so if you can live with that I would definatley recommend this phone for the price .
 I have had virgin for about 2 year now -LRB- including this one -RRB- I just recently bought this phone less a week ago . Upgrading from Kryocera 2255 . Which is no colors expect black font and blue backaround . Basic features phone book , recent call list , voice dailing and i think 3 or 4 games.I think Audiovox 8610 is perfect for almost anyone . The price is okay but right now i just send in rebate for $ 50 back from Sam Goodie . Up front cost with tax is about 130.00 / 119.00 without . So I figure it perfect deal . Plus I actually got this phone cuz I thought lost old one . It turn out i just had hiden with under my bed.I love the color screen it has 65k which look great . The ringtones are cool to . I prefer techno since im in my 20 's . Phone book is also a plus , speaker phone also great feature if dont want to listen directly into from the phone . Speed dial is good incase you drive you just press the pre-set number you program press send it dials that person # . It also has to games blackjack . It pretty easy for me . I always like playing it . The other game magic hexa have not spend much time . I wish put more game than 2 . The wallpapers are okay . But they should include more . --------------------------------- Service cost 25 cent per minute after 10 minutes you pay 10 from than forth in 24 hour period . 10 cent for text message/free to recieve . 2.50 per ringtone . Xtra I think are 10 per day .20 / 30/50/100 top cards for when you run out minutes . They also have auto top if count goes below certain it automatically up more minutes or you can purchase from retailer like best buys or 7-Eleven . I suggest using for emergercies or calling your parents to tell where your at and when going to be home . Because you can use up your minutes fast with 20 or 30 card . If you want to talk a bf or gf have them call but tell you call them from home phone so you dont have buy a new top card the next day . If long distance call you better off using the cell . Remember it same rate 25 per minute.One last thing you have to top up once every 3 months .
 HI I 'M BUYING THIS PHONE TODAY . I 'M BUYING THIS BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST THING I EVER SAW . I USE TO OWN A KYOCERA SLIDER PHONE BUT I LOST IT WHILE WE WERE MOVING . I 'M BUYING THIS BECAUSE IT IS A SMALL PHONE , IT HAS REAL RINGTONES AND IT EVEN HAS A SPEAKERBUY IT WHILE IT IS ON SALE ; -RCB- !!!
 I like the Vigin Mobile servicethey actually do try to make the customer happy and create offers and new products to the consumer . But Virgin Mobile is not like other pay as you go services like T-Mobile . It seems that the customer is restricted from other sites . With other mobile services you are able to buy and download screensavers , ringtones , and wallpappers , but not with Virgin Mobile atleast not on there older phones . IF Virgin Mobile comes up with a new feature it should be available to every other phone instead of just the new ones . Besides that I still favor Virgin Mobile .
 Definately like this phone . It does everything i need it to do.Virgin mobile service is much better in this area than my former service -LRB- cingular -RRB- .
 well i will make this plain and simple , wonderful phone in my opinion ! i think the song id and real song ringtones are really kiil and the color screen is really really clear ! if u dont have htis phone switch and get it and i promise u will not be disapointed . only cons are the games are ok and they say u can download games but u cant yet and no one knows how to add wall papers yet , so other than that 5 stars baby !
 HI IT 'S ME AGIN I JUST GOT MY PHONE IT IS THE BEST THING EVER IT IS BETTER THAN MY OLD SLIDER ! I HATE THE RINGTONES THEY SUCK !!!! BUT I STILL LOVE THIS PHONE U CAN JUST DOWNLOAD THEM PREPAID IS BETTER THAN THE CELLPHONE COMPANYS YOU SHOULD BUY THIS PHONE FIRST I DID NOT LIKE THIS BUT KNOW I LIKE IT THE SIGNALS ARE GREAT !! HOPE U BUY THIS
 Well , I 'm not gon na annoy you with what you already know . Basically it 's a basic looking phone with a convient plan . What I like best about this unit is the price . You get all the pay as you go features and extras without a monthly contract ... is n't that what really counts?By Cathy_luvs_dd a Virgin Mobile Insider
 This phone is awesome but at my house i get no reception but when i get into town i get reception which is fine since i 'll just use my home phone . my only complaint is that a little over a week after i got it the blackjack o n't work and it still isnt . i dont know what happened but it wont let me bet so virtually i can not play it !!!!!!
 i have to say i was totally amazed with this phone earlier today . my mom told me that it had been washed and dried and was broken . i let it dry out for a day and tried it , but it did n't work so i decided i 'd take some of my anger out on it . i took it outside and threw it at trees and the fence a few times and then spent about 10 minutes launching it to the bottom of our yard with a water baloon slingshot mounted on our deck . when i finally brought it inside . i plugged it into the charger to see if the little light on the outside would turn on , and it did , starting to charge . i left it there for a while and then unplugged it and tried to turn it on . surprisingy , it worked . even though the top half of the phone is lose -LRB- the screen -RRB- , the external caller id is filled with water , and on some calls it sounds choppy , it works !!! if you 're on a budget i definitely recommend this phone .
 If you need a cell phone . You want to start with this one . This is the best prepaid phone out there and it is with the best prepaid cell phone company out there . Virgin Mobile ! checkout www.virginmobileusa.com for details and there very cheap prepaid plans . This phone has all the cool stuff including a color screen and ringtones . My phone rings to the theme song of the flinstones ... haha You can even arrange wakeup calls get the latest entertaiment news from MTV and a whole lot more ... what are you waiting for .
 I just bought this phone this past Friday to get ready for school . I ca n't wait to show it off . I 'm almost 14 and I used to have the Party Animal . My friends thought I was still in the 20th century . It is a sleek phone with cute wallpapers . I especially like the Pinky one . I saved my $ 100 + to get this phone . I got it at Wal-mart for $ 98 ! My Party Animlal is going to my aunt . The coverage is good . Lost a few bars here and there . The thing I would change is the wallpapers , like downloading them . I love the external CID . My mom is actually jealous of me ! I 'll be showing my friends this cool new phone .
 This phone is great ! It has all the basic features I wanted out of a phone and I was able to fix the low ringtone problem by searching for `` audiovox 8610 hack '' over the internet.You can purchase a cable on ebay and d/l some free softwares over the net . Then you can make all the ringtones you ever wanted for free . Of course you have to be computer-savey to do so . So do n't do it unless you know what you 're doing.The phone allows 20 seconds of mp3 and midi playback for each ringtone . The cool thing is that each ringtone can be attached to a phone number in the phonebook so you know who 's calling by the ring.I downloaded a bunch of sound effects wav files from the net and mix 'n match them into an mp3 file for some great ringtones.example
 I use the phone 5-10 minutes a day and have been happy with this phone and pay plan . Do the math on the day to day and it works out to be a decent option ; $ 25 per month for 5 min/day . The phone works fine . No problems with ringer volume in a normal -LRB- office -RRB- environment . Speaker phone option is nice too.All in all , I 'm happy with this as a basic cell phone for daily `` check-in '' type calls .
 I bought the Vox 8610 about a year ago , it goes strong and strong . A nice investment for someone on a low budget who doesnt talk alot or for a student . A very good bargain . For the regular plan you pay 25 cents for the first 10 minutes , then 10 cents a minutes after . For the advanced plan for someone who talks more theres 35 cents a day , then 10 cents a minute . Good bargain in my book .
 I 've had this phone for about a year and I love it . The ringtones may be sucky , but it has a great screen , a cool , sleek , body , and pressable buttons!I had never had a problem with the reception before , and I do n't think that will happen anytime soon . I love the Virgin Mobile pre-paid and I think that this phone is the best of the lot.This phone has been through a lot . First , I dropped it on a hardwood floor and the batteries fell out , but somehow kept all my status . Secondly , I left it outside by accident and it survived . And finally , I put it through the washing machine -LRB- accidently leaving it in my pocket -RRB- and it still works , not a number out of place.I think that if you are going for a Virign Mobile phone , or even a cool phone , this is the way to go .
 I have had this phone and the Virgin service for several months . After reading other reviews , let us just say that things like wallpaper , funky ringtones , games and the like do not impress me . I just want a phone that works , which this one does ... and very well . The only down side is that Virgin is on the Sprint PCS net , and there is no roaming . I have a good clear signal when I have a signal , but without roaming it 's not that great in rural areas . Virgin 's prices are good , and the phone is a good solid communicator .
 I just bought this phone yesterday so I suppose it could be awful in a few weeks but right now I LOVE it . I swoon over the way it looks - just too cute for words - and I 'm blown away by the amazing color quality of the screen . I was also greatly impressed with how easy it was to activate -LRB- just log on to virgin mobile and activate -RRB- . The sound quality is fantastic and much better so far than the AT&T ; wireless network . This phone utilizes the Sprint PCS system which seems to have better access in my area but perhaps not in everyone 's . I understand that it has NO roaming at all so if that is an issue for you then I would not suggest this phone . I bought it primarily for emergencies and sporadic calls so it works for me but I would not recommend it for even moderate use as the money adds up quickly . It comes with $ 10 and spends out at .25 a minute up to the first 10 minutes per day and then goes down to .10 a minute afterwards.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I used up 4 minutes today just setting up my voicemail and that seemed like such a rip-off but perhaps there was a way to set it up using my landline and I could have saved the minutes.All in all I am really pleased with the purchase of this fun phone .
 I bought this phone for $ 99.99 at Best Buy and I must say you are getting an excellent package for the money . What can you say when your getting a color flip phone with active flip and amazing features for such an inexpensive price . The phone itself has a wonderful and clear color display that 's very easy on the eyes . The features are great , you get : Text Messaging , Games , Wallpaper , Ringtones that are downloadable and available for the cell phone user , plus much much more . The battery life is great for a color phone , I was amazed how much battery life I had left for how long I had it on throughout the day , plus it charges up very fast . All in all for the price you are getting an up to date and wonderful phone with jam packed features you would n't expect for what kind of service you are getting.PROS :65000 Color DisplayFlip phone with active flip featureDownloadable ringtonesexcellent battery lifeCheaper than most Pay as you go services -LRB- EG
 I have had Virgin Mobile for about a year and a half now . I really am happy with the service . I used to be with AT&T on a contract but was feed up with going over on minutes and paying a horribly high bill . When I started with VM , I had the `` Party Animal '' phone . Decent starter phone . Then I bought the `` Vox 8500 '' - which I lost about 6 months after buying it - , then the `` K7 Rave '' and now have the `` Vox 8610 '' . I only had the 8500 a short time , but in that time I noticed some shortcomings , which are listed below :1 . Reception was not the greatest with the 8500 . I have had about 9 cell phones in the past 3 years , and drive the same route to and from work every day . The 8500 got little or no reception in certain areas , where the K7 did . The 8610 is n't as good in certain areas as my K7 , but is much better than the 8500 , and in most cases I do n't need to extend the antenna .2 . The address book/contact list on the 8500 was way too difficult to get to . I was afraid this would be this case on the 8610 , but it 's not . On the main screen , the word `` contacts '' is positioned above a key for easy access , then you call scroll through your contacts . Another reviewer mentioned the lack of voice dial . I never did get the hang of voice dial , so it 's a feature I do n't miss . It does have 2 way speakerphone , which sounds good .3 . The screen on the 8610 is excellent with it 's 65000 color LCD . The 8500 had , I think 4 or 6 colors that the back light would be , but it was very hard to see the screen . The colors on the 8610 are very vibrant , and pictures good .4 . The 8500 did n't offer any games . I use my cell phone to amuse myself when bored , so not having games was a big negative . The 8610 has blackjack , which is super funa dn easy to play , and Magic Hexa , which is a Tetris-esque game . The Magic Hexa game I do n't like at all , and would rather had Tetris , like on my K7 Rave .5 . Size . The 8610 is actually a bit bigger than the 8500 , and I like that . I was always losing the 8500 -LRB- ultimately lost in a pile of leaves , to be damaged by weather -RRB- . The 8610 is the perfect size to me , comfortable for talking , the keypad is a good size , and easy to use . Plus the outside has more buttons-one to light the external screen . Also , the charger is n't the little rubber piece you had to take out to charge the phone , this 8610 uses the same type my K7 Rave uses.Now for the gripes-It has the capabilities for wallpaper and screensavers . They do offer you a few wallpapers , but only one screensaver . I found a wallpaper I like , but I do n't like the single screensaver . Virgin is so gung-ho on offering `` hip '' ring tones , why ca n't they make wallpaper and screesavers available?The 8610 comes with 5 ringtones , which sound neat . I had listened to a few online , and was excited to be able to get actual songs . Once downloaded , the songs did n't sound so great . The polyphonic ring tones sound great though . The rings are rather quiet , but I usually have my phone on vibrate , so that 's a minor point.Virgin Mobile has internet links to such things as MTV , VH - ! and Comedy Central . Geared towards teens , this does n't interest me , an almost 30 year old business professional . I would like it if Virgin would open the internet access so I could check email , eBay , etc. . That 's not a fault of the phone though.I toyed with getting the `` Slider '' , but after reading reviews , and looking at it in person , it seems to be more of a `` fad '' phone . Overall , I am very please with my 8610 . I feel it was worth the money for features and usage . I would recommend this phone if you want something a little higher end . If just testing the waters , check out the K7 Rave , it 's also a great phone .
 I 've been a virgin mobile user for about 4 months now . Although I do n't have great reception here , it 's decent . Even if there is n't any reception at all , there is still clear calls . The phone itself is great . I 'm thinking about getting the Flasher V7 or the new and upcoming Kyocera K10 Royale . The only problem with the phone that i 've had so far is when your doing whatever on it , then flip it closed , if you flip it too hard it 'll shut-off and power up again . Also , it may not come back on . But i 've gotten used to having it do that . Does n't do it much . Overall , this is a great phone for you users that hate monthly contracts .
 I have to admit , if you want more from prepaid , Virgin Mobile is a rip off . But if you 're only going to use your phone once in a while , then it 's alright . I bought my Audiovox about a year or two ago and it was a good investment . Sleek phone , outer dsiplay , the calls were good quality and I never would get dropped calls . Furthermore , the color display is great and the battery life is amazing.The phone has all the basic features , looks great , and is practical for anyone who 's not looking for anything outrageous like cameras or Mp3 . I have also say that despite the service Vmobile has good phones.But now that I 'm needing my phone more and more I 'm ready to dump Virgin Mobile because the whole 25 cents a minute and 10 cents after that is too expensive . I have to agree with the other reviews . And for their new `` promotions '' those hardly last and are only for new customers . . so much for customer service . The ringtones are a little pricey , but still reasonable ; test messaging is available at 10 cents , good price.If you want to get more features , minutes , whatever , I say look into other prepaid offers like net10 , tracphone or T-mobile . You get more prepaid with t-mobile but the phones with good stuff will cost you a bit more .
 I earlier had a 29.99 plan with T Moblie . I had about 300 any time minutes and `` unlimited '' week end minutes with it . I had a Mortorala V66 phone which came free with the plan , which I hated from the beginning . Made out of cheap material and the user interface and navigation was horrible with the V66 . Once the contract expired , I wanted to switch and was shopping for a plan with free phone as usual . Then I stumbled upon this phone and the logic of some other older people using a prepaid ontract free phone . I realized as I am not using mobile phone as often why not try this . I have to say this phone and the `` cool '' service of Virgin mobile is AWESOME . I had earlier seen some reviewers writing about the volume of the ring etc. . I do not have ANY problem with the phone or service so far . And guess what , at a monthly cost of 7 dollars I save about 30 dollars per month -LRB- no taxes with prepaid -RRB- the total cost of a $ 29.99 plan is about 38 dollars permonth ! . And in 3 months I recovered the cost of the phone . Guys and gals , if you do not seriously `` Need '' a mobile phone do the following1 -RRB- Switch to High speed internet -LRB- Cable Modem -RRB- Cost about
 This is a very functional phone that may not have a lot of pizzazz but the flashy functions it lacks it more than makes up for as just a beater phone . i 've seen this phone fall off 3 story balconies , dropped in water , and a barrage of other assaults and it still worked -LRB- after a day of recovering from the water that is -RRB- . It still has all the functions you really need
 What can I say . This is a great phone for the average cell phone user . Previous to owning this phone , I had the 8500 , which was serviceable . But then I got this one and I 've been pretty happy . My only major complaints are that you can barely hear the ringtones . I could have this thing on the loudest volume sitting next to me and still not hear it . On the 8500 , on the loudest volume you could hear it a mile away . The same goes for the speakerphone . I love having it , but it 's just not loud enough . That would have to be my major complaint about this phone . The screen is also a bit hard to see in direct sunlight , but that goes without saying.On the plus side , the battery on this thing is just a mother . It lasts so long even if you are using it . I 've had it last for over 10 days without charging at one point . The signal is this area is good , so no complaints there . I 've rarely had a dropped call , either . The games are fun , too . I 'm not going to complain about screensaves and wallpapers at all , because how often will you be looking at it ? It 's a flip phone.I love the external CID . I love the keypad , it 's very good and well sized . I like the little light on the front that blinks when you have a call or an alert . The inside menu is slick . I am also a big fan of text messanging , so if you like that , this is a good service to do it on.But , even through all that , I am switching to Nextel because I am starting to use the cell too much for Virgin Mobile This is a good plan for a moderate or new cell phone user , but just to get to the 10 cents a minute after 10 minutes , you use $ 2.50 getting there . So if your a big time cell user , get a plan because this will start to catch up , but if your a moderate user who will only need to put in the minimum $ 20 every three months , then this is the perfect thing for you .
 I was shocked with the service plans that are offered now when my brother renwed his contract with another company . Initially , we were going to grab a family plan , but those were so outrageous , that I had to find my own plan.The standard battery I got did not last as long as 7 days when I first fully charged it . I average about 3-4 days between recharges and I 'm not a big user . -LRB- This was a key feature choice over the older 8500 -RRB- Customer service was good , and the Top-up cards are everywhere.There are some places where coverage is a little spotty , but all and all Sprint has done a wonderful job in providing good signals . Check the Sprint service map before you buy if you 're in a smaller city.Virgin is a good choice for occasional users who are n't heavy on their phones .
 Well , I will start off by saying I have only had this phone for 3 days . But everything I state here can be taken as ... blunt.Rates ----------------------------------------------- The per minute rate is not terribly wonderful in any of the `` plans '' . I 'm on the minute per minute plan , 25 cents per minutes for the first ten minutes -LRB- 2.50 in all -RRB- . Then 10 cents after that -LRB- 1.00 per ten minutes -RRB- . But it is n't that bad if you only make occasional calls . I bought this phone for quick calls to the parents , and to contact my g/f bcause we both have busy schedules and we really were n't getting any time to talk . So far I 'm not too troubled by the costs.Its free to recieve text messages and no one else I read about really did that.Wallpapers , Screensavers , and Ringtones , OH MY ! ----------------------------------------------- I really have n't experimented with the wallpapers or screensaver . I mean hell , who sits there and stares at the scrrne long enough to even see the screen saver ? A screensaver might be nice if it were n't a flip phone , so who gives a damn?Wallpaper ... umm . . I could see some people disgruntled about the small selection , but I found one I was content with , and again , who stares at the screen anyway ? Usually when you 're looking at the screen you do n't see anything other than menus , so its not like there 's much of a reason to be annoyed by wallpapers.As for ringtones volume ... I have n't had a problem at all ... they are n't the loudest ringtones out there ... they are n't the best quality , but they 're decent . I can hear them fine . And thats saying something considering I probably have major hearing damage xP.Only slight problem I have is . . I 'm not sure if its possible to send yourself free ringtones via thew countless programs out there =\ . But that would only be a minor defficiency , I do n't really care about.Coverage ----------------------------------------------- I live in the Tacoma area of Washington state . About 15-20 miles south of Seattle , and so far I have had pretty good coverage , so far there is one half mile stretch I know of that does n't have any bars , and thats no where important.In buildings the signal is weak , but anyone that knows about physics knows thats predictable . When you 're in somewhere that has electricity flowing through it it protects the space inside it from other electrical charges coming in and protects the outside from electrical charges going out . Its called shielding.Games and other nick-nacks ----------------------------------------------- I do n't see why a phone needs games , I guess I 'm un-hip . Ca n't think of anything it 's missing .
 I got this new phone very recently ... it 's really a nice phone . I upgraded from a really simple boring phone , so I was really excited to get it . It sounds great ; it has all the usual bells and whistles of most cell phones . However , I was very disappointed when I logged onto the Virgin Mobile website . I can download ringtones to it , but that 's all . They do n't allow you to download wallpapers and screensavers for this model phone . It 's not a very user friendly site , either ... when you click on screensaver or wallpaper , it just goes back to the Virgin Xtras home page ... it does n't actually say you ca n't download them . Very annoying ! However , when you click on ringtones , it goes right to a ringtone page where you can select them . I thought it was a glitch on the website for a while ! When I finally inquired about that to VirginMobile , they said it was a limitation of this particular phone ... it ca n't download wallpapers or screensavers . Considering what I paid for this phone , that is very disappointing to me . So , if downloading screensavers and wallpapers is important to you , make sure you get an upgraded phone ... the next model up is about $ 50 more . Other than that , this phone is great . The polyphonic ringtones sound good . You can get some dorky animated ringtones which might satisfy your need for a screensaver , but that 's about it .
 I bought this phone when my Audiovox 8500 was stolen . The 8610 is generally a step up from that older model . It has a nice color screen . Menu navigation is easy , and it was no problem creating contacts and single-digit shortcuts to frequently called numbers . Reception and sound quality during a call are excellent.Although this phone is slightly bulkier than the 8500 , it 's still very small and easy to tuck into your pocket.The phone has the option to choose from several `` desktops '' for different looks on the screen . The ones Virgin Mobile preloads are generally pretty dumb looking , but no harm done . The phone also allows for a choice of screen savers , but Virgin Mobile only has one installed without an option to get more . It 's a silly feature , anyway -- a cell phone does n't need a screen saver.Oh , and do n't forget , it comes preloaded with two games . One is sort of like Tetris . I do n't use them , but my wife thinks they are all right.Virgin Mobile itself has very good customer service , and their pay-as-you-go setup is good if you do n't make a lot of calls . They stand by their phones ... if yours stops working under warranty , they will replace it without hassle.Audiovox has improved the ringtone quality from the previous model . Now the tunes sound good , not embarrassing , and you can also get sound effects and even voices yelling at you to answer the phone . -LRB- Of course that option will annoy everyone around you ! -RRB- They even have a plain-sounding ring tone you can use , which believe it or not , the old 8500 model did n't have!My one big complaint is that the ringtone does n't get loud enough . I can hear other peoples ' cell phones ring all the time on the bus , on the street , etc. . But with the Audiovox 8610 , if there 's any ambient noise , forget it , you probably wo n't hear your phone ring even when it 's set at maximum volume . I use the `` ring and vibrate '' setting to help make up for this.Aside from the soft ringtones , I like this phone a lot and I recommend it!UPDATE
 This is the best phone ever ! This is my second phone with Virgin Mobile . I was really surprised with the great quality color screen and the menu . I also love the ringtones . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the backlighting is green not blue . But the rest is great . I would recommend it to everyone !
 This is a great phone for a first phone for kids . I have had it for six months and it is the best one I have ever had . I like it so much that I do n't wan na get rid of it !
 I previously owned an Audiovox 8500 and upgraded to the 8610 . It is an improved phone in many ways . The keypad is larger and easier to operate . The screen has color . The 8610 lacks the voice dialing feature , but I did n't really miss it . However , I had to return the phone when I discoverd that the ringtones on the 8610 are only 1/2 as loud as the ringtones on the original 8500 . In noisy environments , I could n't hear the phone ringing . So I 'm back to my 8500 .
 I got this phone so I could give my mom my ` Party Animal ' Virgin phone which was fine for keeping in the car , but this 8610 is so much more portable I find myself taking it with me wherever I go -LRB- which is saying a lot since I do n't like things cluttering up my pockets or belt -RRB- . I recommend the Virgin brand ` hydro-formed ' case for it at Best Buy . It fits perfectly and clips onto your belt nicely . You hardly know it 's there since the phone is lightweight and handy . Even though the 8610 is lightweight , I find battery life to be terrific and lives up to its advertised capacity.The color screen is very nice . It 's easy to read and has good brightness and contrast , except of course , outdoors , where all lcd screens are hard -LRB- and sometimes impossible -RRB- to read . The mini-screen on the outside of the phone is cool since it shows you the date , time , signal strength , ring mode -LRB- vibrate or ringtone -RRB- , voice mail message indicator -LRB- if any -RRB- and battery strength . Also , when you get a call , if that person is in your phone 's address book , their name also shows up on the screen -LRB- which is backlit if you hit a button on the outside of the phone . -RRB- The address book is the best part for me . You store numbers by person , and each person can have a cell number , a home number , an office number , and an email address . Selecting which number to dial is easy since the numbers are all grouped under the person 's name and you just click through that small list . -LRB- Unlike the Party Animal and my wife 's ` Slider ' where each different number has to be a seperate list entry which creates one long list you have to scroll through . -RRB- Audio quality is fine . -LRB- It 's a cell phone . -RRB- It has a microphone volume adjustment , but you 'll have to ask your caller how effective it is . The rocker button that operates it is n't even labeled which way to make it louder or softer.There are 5 polyphonic ringtones , 4 of which will appeal to Virgin 's target demographic of teens and 20-somethings . For us older folks who like Virgin for the great deal it is , there 's one very nice simple ring called `` Jingle '' -LRB- the one I use -RRB- . However , all 8 of the color screen backgrounds are very youth oriented
 This phone was given to me over 2 years ago . In that time , I 've dropped it more times then I can count , its fallen into wet sand three times , its been bitten by humans , dogs , and rabbits , once , it was accidently drop kicked by a friend , its been sat on , stepped on , slept on , you name it . And the phone still works perfectly . After two years of all the abuse , and more , this phone has only a few , very minor , scratchs on it and I do n't use a case at all . For durability I give this 7 out of 5 stars.The services have been good too . I 'm an infrequent caller and texter , but I 've never had problems with either . I 've gotten servie nationwide -LRB- Wisconsin , Illinois , Pensylvania , New York , New Jersey , Washington , and more -RRB- . The only downside is that once you cross the Canadian boarder , your phone is useless . My calls are almost always clear and I 've never had delayed text messages -LRB- unlike some friends of mine on normal cell plans -RRB- . For service , I 'd give this phone a good 4.5 out of 5 . As for the guy bitching about the plans - sure if you 're a huge talker and you spend 60 hours a month talking this is certainly not the phone service for you . But for those of us who only use it as a back-up phone , or an emergency phone , or talk infrequently , the plans work out well . I 'm on their month-2-month and I like the flexibility . Frankly , lack of flexibility like this in normal cell phone plans is why I shy away . Why pay $ 50 a month for 500 anytime minutes if I 'm only using 150 a month ? For service plans , I 'd give them 4 out of 5 . -LRB- They could make the day and night minutes even on all levels , rather then just level one . -RRB-
 For anyone considering the purchase of this -LRB- or another -RRB- Virgin Mobile phone , do not be influenced by the identical negative reviews posted for several Virgin Mobile phones by someone calling himself `` lookout guy . '' I can not comment on the month to month plans , having only been a pay-as-you-go by-the-minute guy since I got my Virgin Mobile phone over two years ago . I can tell you that lookout guy is totally WRONG in terms of any `` hidden fee '' in terms of the by-the-minute service offered by Virgin Mobile . There is NO $ 1.50 / day fee ; if there was , no one would choose this option because it would end up costing more than a monthly plan . -LRB- Duh . -RRB- I can confirm that you only pay for the minutes you use . If you do n't use your phone for days -LRB- even weeks -RRB- at a time , you pay nothing . The ONLY charge for having access to a Virgin Mobile phone on the by-the-minute plan is the minimum top-up charge -LRB- supposedly $ 20 every three months but after you become a customer you can get it down to $ 15 every three months if you choose auto top-up with a credit card -RRB- . So if you NEVER use your phone , that 's what it costs . Of course , you would simply end up accruing money in your account to be debited when you do finally use your phone . As long as you use your phone minimally -LRB- for emergencies and for very brief , occasional conversations only -RRB- , you 'll pay only $ 5 - $ 6.66 / month . I oughta know -- my balance keeps growing and growing because I rarely use my phone ; if I were being charged a $ 1.50 / day `` access charge '' I would know it.Only you can decide if a pay-as-you-go plan such as this is suitable for you , but here 's the quick math
 I got this pay as you go phone because I 'm one of those people that use cell phones about 2x a week . For emergencies , to check on something at home , that type of thing . I do n't need a ton of minutes , or a contract or Catherine Zeta Jones ads . I just need something reliable and cheap.Virgin Mobile has served me well for about 5 years now . My 13 year old actually has my older Virgin phone . For $ 20 every 3 months we can have enough minutes/time saved up to carry over for anything we may need . I 've never ran out of money . The `` reminder '' that comes to top up -LRB- buy a new card -RRB- is great as well . I did n't put it on my credit card as I 'd rather buy the $ 20 card than have $ 30 be charged every 3 months.This model has a nice screen , I 'd personally like more ring tones -LRB- I finally bought Gorillaz `` Feel Good '' for $ 1.99 - not a bad investment ! -RRB- and people are right about the volume . I put my phone on high and vibrate ... that way , if I do n't hear it , I 'll feel it!I 've recommended this phone plan to many people , especially those with kids that are a bit young to use the phone 24-7 and just need a `` check in '' model . There are a few games on there as well . The charge lasts a decent amount of time .
 I only use 40 minutes per month on my cell phone , and my verizon plan was costing me $ 40 per month , that is about $ 1.00 per minute . After that plan expired , I decided to switch to a prepaid phone . I bought the Audiovox 8610 a week ago and I love it . Before buying it , I did tons of research on the net and in stores . I was looking for a good looking phone with a built-in speaker phone , and not too expensive.I compared Rave K7 , Vox 8500 , Vox 8610 -LRB- this one -RRB- , and Slider V5 . I do n't like Rave K7 because it is big and looks too cheap . I do n't want to be embarrassed to be seen using this antique looking phone in public . Vox 8500 is small and I was really attempted to get it in the beginning , but later on I found tons of complaints on the internet about its reception . Reception is important to me , so Vox 8500 is out of the picture too . Then I had a hard time choosing between the $ 150 Slider V5 and the $ 120 Vox 8610 . I finally decided on Vox 8610 for the following reasons .1 -RRB- 8610 has slightly better reception than the Slider , according to users to have both phones and compared them side by side .2 -RRB- Slider 's sliding mechanism tends to become loose after a while . Also , when the slider mechanism becomes loose , the phone will open up in your pocket when you walk . 8610 's time-proven clam-shell design is more reliable .3 -RRB- Slider and 8610 have almost identical features . Both have speaker phone , which is important to me . I do n't want to put the phone against my ear that close and catch brain cancer . I do n't bring the ear-bud with me often either , so I was specifically looking for a cell phone with a built-in two way speaker phone .4 -RRB- 8610 allows you to enter up to 3 phone numbers under one name . Slider only allows one number per name in its address book , which forces you to create a much longer list to scroll through .5 -RRB- Slider has some MTV features , 2 more games , and a few more wallpapers . 8610 has supersonic ringtones . All of these features are useless to me . I neither use nor care about these features .6 -RRB- I will put the phone in my pocket . Slider 's convex screen can be easily scratched this way . On the other had , 8610 does n't have this problem7 -RRB- From the aesthetic standpoint , 8610 is more elegant and looks good in a boardroom and on the street . Slider was new 6 months ago , but now it looks geeky and too teenage-looking . I am an adult and do n't want to be seen carrying a teenager 's toy .8 -RRB- 8610 's color screen is sharper and better than the one on slider .9 -RRB- Slider 's keypad is too small , and many people are complaining about it . 8610 's keyboard has a good size and feel to it . It lights up too .10 -RRB- Audiovox and Kyocera are using the same Qualcomm CDMA chips and technologies . That is why these two phones have almost identical features . They even have the same data connector . People plugs Kyocera Slider 's data cable onto 8610 's data port , and can upload and download data from the phone .11 -RRB- Slider is a bit fragile , and some people have already broken it apart after a few months . 8610 looks and feels more sturdy and durable .12 -RRB- 8610 has longer battery life . It has 7 days standby time versus 4 days on the Slider .13 -RRB- There are tight-fitting cellphone leather/rubber cases that allow me to use 8610 with the case on . I currently can not find any cases that allow me to use the Slider with the case on .14 -RRB- Finally , 8610 costs $ 120 , which is $ 30 cheaper than Slider.I also discovered that I can use this phone to send and receive short emails to any email boxes . I think this applies to all Virgin Mobile phones . The email address of your phone is your 10 digit phone number plus '' @vmobl . com '' . For example
 I bought this little phone 8 months ago and am truly pleased with it . I do n't use it every day , or even every week . I got it to keep with me when I 'm driving and for those inevitable times when something goes wrong and you need a phone right now . It has paid me more in peace of mind than it could ever cost in dollars . What I like about the phone itself is that it is very small and light and can be easily tucked inside pockets or small bags . It charges fully in a very short time , under two hours the first time out of the box and in under an hour after that . It holds that charge for a very long time as I just found out recently . Driving to an appointment I was running late and needed to call to let them know . I 'd forgotten to recharge the phone for over 2 months and expected it to be dead as a doornail . To my delight it turned right on and I made the call with no problems . Ca n't beat that . The Virgin prepay plan is perfect for users like me and ends up costing about $ 6 a month . Tell me there 's something better and I 'll say prove it . I looked long and hard to find the best possibility and this was it . I think it still is . For a nice , dependable `` insurance '' type phone , I could n't be more pleased and genuinely recommend it .
 I love this phone . I am not the type to call alot of people , so this cell phone and the Virgin Mobile plan are great for someone like me . I get service everywhere , even where my old tracfone would n't get service.there are no roaming charges , no long distance charges , and you get free voicemail , free caller id , free call waiting ... it 's awesome . i definately recommend !
 This phone and Virgin Mobile as a whole are obviously targeting an age group other than my own . Quite frankly , I do n't care . I dropped traditional land-based phone service in February , and went with AT&T ; CallVantage VOIP service instead ... a tremendous savings , but when the power goes out , VOIP phone service goes as well . Also , with CallVantage as of this date , 911 calls do not provide the answering call center with your phone number and location automatically.The Audiovox 8610 phone , coupled with Virgin Mobile , seemed like an inexpensive supplement to CallVantage , filling some very unpleasant gaps ... and E911 service is provided . Features such as speed dial , caller ID , and even a speakerphone are included , and I 'm extremely pleased with the voice quality . It 's almost indistinguishable from a corded phone.For the age bracket that this phone is marketed towards , there are also two games included , and several wallpaper designs . A ton of downloadable ringtones are available at the Virgin website , provided that you do n't mind spending $ 2.00 to $ 2.50 apiece for them ... want to hear the `` Meow Mix '' ad when a call comes in ? It 's available for download at the Virgin website , as are ringtones involving such oddities as bodily functions , none of which will be discussed in detail here.Per minute pricing is high enough to keep me from ever using this phone other than when it is absolutely necessary -LRB- 25 cents for the first 10 minutes each day , 10 cents per minute afterwards -RRB- , but that 's okay with me . Unexpected emergencies were the sole reason for making the purchase , and the added peace of mind that it brings more than makes up for the airtime that must be purchased from Virgin every 90 days to keep the service active ... and I 'm still saving money each month over traditional phone service.I would recommend the Audiovox 8610 phone and Virgin Wireless to anyone who needs a cell phone for similar reasons .
 As a light to moderate cell phone user , I found this phone -LRB- the 8610 -RRB- and Virgin Mobile perfect for my needs.Adding $ 20 once every three months to keep the phone active is great , especially since the purchased minutes essentially roll over if unused . Being in a major SoCal city , my reception is consistently outstanding and better than my previous contract service , though it should be noted one ca n't use the phone -LRB- beyond 911 -RRB- in `` roaming '' areas on the Sprint network -- one is limited to the formal Sprint PCS network which generally covers major cities and roads in all 50 states.Minutes are currently 25 cents per minute for the first ten minutes each day , then 10 cents thereafter . No peak/off-peak stuff , no long-distance , etc. . Perfect for what I need periodically . I know I 'm sounding like a VM marketing person , but I 'm not one . : -RRB- Biggest downside to the 8610 is that it 's a VM-specific phone . One is more-or-less pretty much stuck with their ringtones / wallpapers / games , though they have pretty nice additional ringtone offerings at the least at the VM website -LRB- for $ 2 - $ 2.50 -RRB- . I suppose one might also have to deal with the VM brand being geared towards the youth / MTV crowd in general , but I personally could n't care less.Anyway , all-in-all , an outstanding phone and service for those who do n't want monthly bills / sometimes do n't use their phone enough to justify normal contracts . If I were to use a phone with family enough long-distance -LRB- or wanted WAP access -RRB- , I might find a `` family plan '' elsewhere , but I absolutely could n't be happier for now.I was waiting for this kind of phone and very affordable prepaid `` plan '' that Virgin Mobile offers for years , and continue to be ecstatic with the phone and service for my own relatively mild needs . All I might suggest is that one also consider the `` slider '' phone also presently offered , as some seem to occasionally prefer it as an option .
 As a Teen , this was my first cell phone ever . I 'm already in love with virgin in the sense that I do n't have to worry about any hidden fees in the plan . I 've had it for about a year . The first few months were fantasic . However , after playing with it , I realized a few flaws , and again these probably are n't something most people would judge a cell phone by , but it did kind of set me back .1 . Only has 1 screensaver . Oh , the selection . It 's not ugly per se , it 's some random cloud floating across the screen and then an outline of a person showing up . It looks like a laggy computer program , it 's not very smooth . But I do n't keep my cell phone flipped up , I rarely ever see it anyway .2 . BAD wallpaper selection for guys . I got the phone and I found all the wall papers to be really pretty . And then I talked to my guy friend who had the same phone . Out of the 6 possibly wallpapers , only 2 were even rather masculine . The other 4 are swirly desings , sometimes with hearts/flowers/etc .3 . Not being able to download new wallpapers , new screensavers , or new games . I like to switch it up once in a while , and I had already played my Black Jack and Magic Hexa games to dealth in 2 or 3 months . Also goes for ringtones , the ones you can buy are limited only to the ones on virgin mobile 's site . I call it a major cash rake . They do n't want their phones to get other ringtone plans ! 4 . Only having 20 max ringtones . As a person older then I 'd say 18 , you probably do n't have much of a problem with is . But Half of that memory is already taken up by 5 of the non-deletable craptastic ringtones that virgin `` includes '' -LRB- joy . -RRB- with the phone . I hate them . They are annoying and horrid ringtones . I have to constantly delete some of my least favorites to fit new ones in I do like . THANKS , Virgin .5 . 10 cents to check balance , and 10 cents to have Virgin XL enabled on the phone . HUH ?! Even if I do n't use it , I still have to pay 10 cents for virgin XL . That will add up after a while.BUT ! The saving grace has to be ... It 's got a really good plan - I suggest minute 2 minute , when I got this phone it 's the only plan they had but it works REALLY well for someone like me , who texts more then they talk . I never use it to call from home , I only use it when I 'm out with friends , and I 've never reached 0 . It 's a really good phone for someone who a. does n't talk a lot b. does n't care about wallpapers/screensavers and c. makes a lot of long distance calls -LRB- ex on a school trip I used mine to call home instead of my friends , because all of THEM had extra long distance charges . I did n't ! ^_^ -RRB- .
 Our friend has this phone and while happy with the service , wishes he had spent a little more to get a camera phone or the slider . It is a good basic cell phone especially for those wanting the Virgin Mobile Pay As You Go service . But I reccommend spending a little more to get the V7 Flasher Camera Phone . You wo n't regret it .
 I recently upgraded my Virgin Mobile phone -LRB- well , after having it for a few days , it 's more like downgraded -RRB- , to this Vox 8610 phone from Virgin Mobile . Actually , I have no complaints about this phone whatsoever except for the ringtone volume being so low . But besides that , everything else I 'm happy with . But really , what 's the deal with the volume on this thing ? I thought there was something wrong with the phone when I heard how low the volume was upon a few calls , so I brought it back and got another . Unfortuntely , it was the same deal with that one . So I came on-line to check around to see if anyone else had this problem , and it seems that 's the case . I 'd like to be able to hear my incoming calls when they come in . I have excellent hearing , but I work in an environment that would require the volume to be slightly loader than it can go . With the K9 phone I never had that problem . Even when I ride in my car , I have my phone on a belt-clip and my shirts I wear will usually go over my pants and the phone , and even that little bit seems to muffle the volume a bit more . Being in the belt-clip also is another thing that stiffles the phone , but even without that you can hear it 's really low . I have to ride with my radio nearly off in order to hear the thing ring . I never heard of anyone having a problem like this with `` any '' cell phone , let alone this one , with the volume of the ring . I do n't know if anyone else has complained about this to VM , -LRB- I would imagine so though ? -RRB- , but I e-mailed Virgin Mobile about this , but have n't heard anything back yet . If they could rectify the problem and have like a trade in program for anyone who 's not satisfied with their K10 due to volume , that would be great . Although it would be a slight hassel , I would still do it , because as I 've said , I have absolutely NO complaints besides that problem . It does what it has to do and it 's that simple . I 'm on the minute-to-minute plan and roughly use between $ 9 - $ 13 a month . There 's no use for me to get a cell phone that you 'd have a monthly bill for , seeing most , if not all , are like a minimum $ 30 a month , besides the hidden prices they can tack onto you . They go through Sprint , and the clarity of the calls are excellent . So my rating is because of the ringtone volume problem . Otherwise I 'd give this phone a 5 star review .
 I really have no complaints . It has great coverage so I 'm never out of my service area . You can save a lot of money if you do n't talk a lot , or you can use one of Virgin Mobile 's new plans if you do talk a lot . With a nice color screen and access to MTV and Virgin Mobile ringtones anywhere , how can you not love this phone ? It has everything you need in a cell phone .
 I just bought this phone 2 and a half weeks ago . However , two days after buying it I traveled overseas for almost 2 weeks so I have only used it a few days . So far it works very well , I 've had no problems . I really wish there were downloadable wallpapers and screen savers but that is my only complaint . I anticipate the silver circle on the outside of the phone will get scratched off , but ya never know . In my town , I get really good reception so my calls are fine . This phone is great for anyone who does n't mind having what everyone else has . And does n't need a picture phone.I highly recommend downloading the superphonic ringtones that play like real music ... they 're amazing !
 I have read all the other reviews and they are on point . the one thing that I would like to see added is data capability . It has a dataport and there is software for the non - Virgin phones , but not the Virgin model . per Virgin , adding the software would void the phone warranty . This is a great phone and has even greater potential . Come on Virgin , add these features . Customers are waiting to buy them .
 The phone is alright . If you talk too much the phone gets hot , but what can I say its prepaid . I would reccommend it though .
 Exellent phone !! I would HIGHLY reccomend this phone . Crystal clear calls , and a beautiful screen . The keys light up green . It doens n't have a lot of ringtones , but you can download them . WOW !!!
 i wanted a prepaid cell-phone that i could actually enjoy . I FOUND IT BABY ! it is only $ 113 and im luvin it ! it is lightweigt , amazing sound , bright color screen , entertaining games , awesome reseption and amazing content from virgin mobile . 1 con tho ... . the ringtones are not that loud . but other than that this is the best phone ive ever had !
 This was a temp phone , while we got settled to our new move and new phone plan ... served its purpose , loud ring tone and easy to top up online
 i have to say - it works for me . The service , as 99 of you have pointed out , is only good if you use less than 3 minutes everyday , but some other changes after the last 2 years you should take note off : If you sign up for auto topup , you have the option of only adding $ 15 every 90 days.Using service preserver , you can extend service for a whole year by adding $ 90 to your account.Overall , great phone .
 I love this phone . I love everything about it . I love how you can top-up right from the phone . I recommend this phone to everyone .
 I bought the Audiovox 8610 about two days ago primarly because of the features and technology . The phone itself it amazing . For a 16 year old it 's stylish , functional and fun . The screen is full of vivid color and the ringtones are out of this world . You can download your favorite song as your ringtone , making it your own . The only dissatisfication I found with it is the screen saver . I wish there was more than just one . The wallpaper choices are geared towards teens . I reccomend this to someone who is looking for something a little more up-to-date . The `` pay-as-you-go '' service is an excellent choice for someone who does n't need/use a lot of minutes . Twenty-five cents per minute for the first ten minutes , only 10 cents a minute after that for the rest of the day . You can purchase `` top-up '' cards in the amount of $ 20 , $ 30 , $ 50 or $ 100 . You need to buy another card every 90 days -LRB- 3 months -RRB- even if you have money in your balance . The reception is great , that is , if you 're in the coverage area . In Virginia , that covers major interstates and highways . Thinking of taking the back way to work ? Well I hope you do n't need your cell phone en route . You can still call 911 , but do n't expect to call anyone or recieve any calls.If you live in a metropolis area , there 's coverage everywhere.I give this phone 5 stars for the features and all-around appeal , alas , I only give the service 3 stars becuase of the coverage area . I hope this review helps .
 Pros
 But it was n't this one . Personally i love this phone , works great , never had a single problem with the quality , sound or reception . Easy to use programming . For someone who does n't want a lot of extras , ive had mine for a year , and would not trade it for nothing . It may not have a lot of bells and whistles , but as long as i can get my calls , and receive them hassle free , im satisifed . Customer service and support from Verizon is excellent . For those who do not want to get caught up in payment plans , this pre-paid cell phone is the one to buy . Plus you do n't need to email me to ask . It gets a solid 5 stars from me .
 I am pretty conservative with my money , so I never thought I would spend much money on a cell phone , or get a plan that self-renews or has hidden charge . Once I got my Vox 8610 I was glad I spent the money . I have had it since the launch date , almost 2 years ago I think . I am hard on equipment , but everything still works on the phone . Virgin Mobile is cheap for people like me who can get by without using it very much . This makes a great emergency phone or a starter cell phone for teens ; it can teach them to be responsibility , yet make them feel `` cool '' at the same time .
 Having had experiance with various phones , this one is pretty good . This is my second Virgin Mobile phone , and overall I have pretty satisfied with the service . I only use the phone part time and keep it for emergancies or traveling , so the `` plan '' -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- works great and is more cost effective then most for my usage . I have usually been able to get reception -LRB- at least as well as any other phone service I have heard of or used -RRB- and the 8610 is better than my old one at that . I did have a few problems at first and have some difficulty downloading ringtones and the like on occasion , but nothing major .
 I bought this phone for my niece , who is nine . It 's definitely an improvement on the 8500 , and still very reliable and easy to use . It has excellent reception in our area , and it 's very easy for her to manage minutes and download new ringtones through the website -LRB- virginmobileusa -RRB- . The phone is small and rather remarkably sturdy , considering that it gets tossed around in her bag all day , and the best part about it is that it 's very inexpensive .
 I have been reading the reviews on this phone and have to put in my two cents . I have been with Virgin Mobile for 4 years and have been very pleassed . The plan serves my needs to a T. I personally do n't understand all the complaining about wallpaper , ring tones etc. . That is not what a cell phone if for . If you want a toy , or something to play with , go to Toys R Us . The Sprint network could be a little stronger , but for most purposes this phone and Virgin Mobile are great . The only thing that I would consider a slight problem with this phone is the ringer is not loud enough and you may miss a call .
 My only complaint about the head set is that the ringer -LRB- the noise it makes when your getting a incoming call -RRB- could be louder . . Though now that I 'm thinking about it . . I 'm going to get out the instructions and see if you can adjust the volume of it . . Other than that , I love it . . Its very easy to slip over your ear and it fits great . . Not like the one motorola headset I tried where the thing swung loosely all over . . I would definitely recommend this head set
 Works good , not a bad price , bothers my ear a tad bit , other than that not a bad product .
 I have had this headset for over a year and have used it on three separate phones and it has performed very well . I do not like having anything sticking directly in my ear canal like the bulk of blue tooth headsets do . The design of the clip holds the headset in place no matter how you move your head . Previous headsets would fall off if I tilted my head backwards or downwards . This unit works so well I hesitate to order the newer version , but may just to have a spare .
 Because of the angle I was able to position this device ideally out of the way of my stick and more accessible position . The angle is stiff enough that it maintains position when inserting and removing the bluetooth .
 This charger makes using a headset , ear-bob or whatever you want to call it easier . When you use the head set and are on the road a lot it becomes necessary to charge it and this charger makes it simple . Plug it in and let it charge when you are not in the vehicle . The clip is strong and there is no chance of the adaptor coming loose . Does a great job . Received timely and as advertised .
 The best part about this Plantronics headset / charger combination is that the headset stays connected to my phone while it 's in the charger . I can leave it in the charger while I 'm driving and only remove it to answer a call .
 The perfect charger , it keeps the headset upright and ready to use while plugged into the lighter . Other chargers would dangle and the headset could fall out , this one keeps it vertical . Works like a charm , best $ 9 I 've ever spent !!!
 The protective skin for the Palm Treo 700WX is great . Its not cheaply made and is very durable . I use it for work and have dropped my phone many times with the skin saving my phone each time . Works great ! Highly recommended !
 Product came in on time and is exactly what I was looking for . The clip seems a little flimsy but I sohould be able to swap this out with another if it breaks . The pricing was excellent when comparing it with similar products at some of the large electronics stores .
 Buying a replacement for the Jabra that I lost was an immediate decision . It is the only headset that I have found that is comfortable for me . Others are too big , stuffing or bending my ear or giving me a headache . The small size Jabra earbud fits my ear very well and is much easier to wear.One small complaint
 Echoing the others , I always have trouble having the earbud stay in my ear . This set comes with 6 cups -- three right , three left , in S-M-L . -LRB- If you look carefully , they 're actually marked S R etc. -RRB- Took just a minute to figure out how to fit it in my ear , and now I 'm golden ! It stays in , I can hear my caller -LRB- I even had to turn my cell 's volume DOWN ! -RRB- , I 'm happy . I 've just had it in my purse and it seems fairly sturdy so far -LRB- but I got 2 just in case -- not like they cost a lot ! -RRB- . Suck it up and pay the shipping ; you still get a 100 % better earbud than you 'd get at Tarzhay for twice the price .
 If the eargels fit your ear , it is wonderful . If not , it will cause you nothing but pain.The winder is nice , but should include a Nokia-style button clip hold your phone at the same time .
 Excellent product . I was looking for a handsfree cell phone accessory that did n't have wires to get tangled . I used to use a faboulus Plantronics ear boom product , but I was always getting the wire tangled.Jabra 's retractable boom mic works perfectly and the sound quality is as good if not better than the high standard of Plantronics . Another plus is that unlike most ear bud handsfree accessories , you can hear through the earbud . It does n't actually plug your ear canal so you ca n't hear anything else.I only have one gripe , that is a trade of in the ability to customize the jabra . The earbuds can be changed in sizes but I knocked off and lost 2 of the 3 left earbuds and the windscreen . I was able to superglue replacements and it has been all good since then.Highly recommended .
 I am not sure what exactly is a problem with my ears but none of the earbuds stay put in them . So all the ones that came with my phone are useless for me . I do not like the ones that loop over the ear as they make by earlobes itch.I did n't know how these work , but I ordered them anyway as they looked different and tell you what I am happy for THE FIRST TIME EVER with handsfree headset . This one is really cool . Fits in the eary easily , stays there . Sometimes I forget to take them off and they stay put without disturbing me.The only minor con I would say is that it does not have on-off button , to hang up the phone or voice dial . But its nothing .
 As stated by other reviewers , no other earphone options work for me
 As usual , on time delivery and the product works great . Well done , eforcity !
 I have a very long commute , which is my phone time . I have spent a couple of hundred bucks trying to find the perfect earpiece . I have found it . I tried two plantronics - one was OK - and a terrible one by a small mfr ... but THis is it . It took me a while to learn how to use it - I found it uncomfortable at first and the winder got in the way . But after a month it felt strange to drive without it . The trick is to make sure that the reel is unwound entirely when you talk . Be careful ; it is very lightweight and therefore not as sturdy as a plantronics model . -LRB- I caught mine in the car door ; I ca n't allocate it 's demise to it 's construction -RRB- . I could n't wait to get another headset so I went out and bought an inferior one . If you can afford to wait for the mail , get this one .
 Actually , I have the one without the winder but I 'm gon na get the winder . This is my 3rd attempt to find something convenient . It took some diddling to find out I needed the large earpiece -LRB- never knew my ears were that large -RRB- but once I did , it 's maintenance free . Sound quality on both ends is excellent -LRB- callers do n't know I 'm on a headset -RRB- . And the thing just stays right there in my ear . I can jump around , shake my head , whatever , there it is . And not uncomfortable . The only drawback is the dangling cord but apparently the winder may be cumbersome as noted above.This is the first thing I 've reviewed on Amazon but I 'm a gadget freak and I checked these things out here before I bought it so maybe this will be helpful to someone else . If you have the right size ears .
 These come in plain gray plastic bags , rather than retail packaging . But who cares ? You use the earpieces , not the packaging.I bought mine when they were $ 4 . The price makes them just that much more incredible . Jabra C250s are great because of how they channel the audio into your ear canal , and the loop around your ear is good . These C150s from Eforcity are just as good in audio quality , and I like the silicone gel inserts better
 I bought this to use as a backup for my Bluetooth headset . I was specifically searching for a unit with a cord winder and this was the only product I found with that feature.I like the product . The EarGel works well for me and the cord winder keeps me from dealing with a tangled cord . Sound quality seems to be good on both ends of the conversation.My only problem is that the EarGel comes off easily , especially if I carry it in my pocket . Since I use the same one all the time , I am considering cementing it on .
 The Jabra EarBoom Winder finally makes it possible to use a earphone without having wires hanging all over . I really like having my cell phone hooked up to an earphone set , but did n't like the wires hanging down all the time or worse yet , tangled up in my pocket . The Jabra winder keeps everything neat and handy . The only problem is the ear gels fall off when you 're not looking ... and later so will the foam cover for the microphone . A little double-sided tape seems to have fixed the problem for me . I think you 'll like this set after you make sure the ear gel and microphone foam are secured .
 I have owned two of these . The first one I used for probably two years . It re-winded perfectly every time . The ear gels do occasionally fall off and get lost but not too often . It finally wore out . The second one I bought , I am still using and absolutely love . In fact , I am buying two for some of my friends who see how great it is for me and want to give it a try .
 I 'm a hard-to-please audio snob , yet I 'm completely satisfied with my Jabra EarWrap . Though it 's usually hard enough to find an ear-piece that fits my slightly unusually-shaped ear form , its unique shape is comfortable , even with my cartilage piercings.I 've had the piece for two months , and the design has kept it intact , clean , and functioning superbly all along . I 've worn it up to eight hours straight while on an interstate drive , and kept forgetting it was there until I received a call . Anyone concerned about the piece falling off once it 's fitted correctly should give it a tug and see that you 're in more danger of pulling off your ear.Sound quality is excellent , both as a speaker and listener ; I prefer the overall sound to that of the phone 's internal speaker and mic -LRB- as do those on the other end of the conversation ! -RRB- of my phone itself . It 's almost too obvious to mention - but let 's - that the EarWrap offers great convenience , rather than keeping the tiny 3300/8200/8800 handset pressed to one 's ear with one hand .
 I have tried ear pieces that fit around the ear but unless you are going to ALWAYS wear it , you wo n't use it . With other hands free the loose wires also make it impossible to quickly find and use them.Also , how hands free are other units you have to use one hand to hold it in the ear . Jabra has different sizes to fit different ears correctly . The largest size stays in great.This just attaches to my belt , as it stays hooked into the phone . I easily and quickly stick it in my ear whenever the phone rings , PERFECT ...
 I think this product is great as far as convenience . It allows me to make calls with voice dialing while driving . I never have to worry about the phone and where the wire is when I am finished . Love the windup and the microphone works great . Only problem is that the wear and tear eventually pulls the wire out of the ear piece or the connection between the phone makes it so it stops working . I have had three so far and they seem to last about 4-7 months . Just ordered another .
 So glad I found this replacement battery on Amazon . My cell phone has worked great for 5 years but over the last several months it would no longer hold a charge . -LRB- Not really too bad since I was using the original battery that came with the phone -RRB- . Received this replacement quickly and it was protected during shipping with bubble wrap . Was fully charged right out of the package . So nice not to have to constantly leave the cellphone hooked to a charger to make or receive calls . I would definitely recommend purchasing this item . I like the longer service time . The bit of added thickness and weight from this battery give the phone more balance and make it easier to hold securely . Better than the original . Love it !
 A + + Seller !! Item was brand new , as described and shipped promptly . Pricing was very reasonable . I highly recommend this seller !
 Ordered 2 batteries several months ago and still working great . Great price , fast delivery .
 was very glad to recieve the right battery the first time . U.S Cellular wanted five times as much for this item . It works fine and I am more than happy with it .
 I shopped many named stores in my area for this cell phone battery and was unable to find one . Amazon . com provided me with a site for purchase and I am very pleased with the service and product . Will go to amazon.com every time to make this type of purchase .
 I ordered the battery on a Monday and received it the following Thursday , very good . Also the battery was exactly what I needed and I do n't have to charge my phone everyday now.Eforcity Wall AC Travel Charger for Kyocera K612 Strobe / KX21 Switchback / Dorado KX13 / Candid KX16 / Xcursion KX160
 Went by alltel phone store ... battery was 59.99 . went to Amazon . . same battery for about $ 11.00 . What a savings !!!!! Great service
 I purchased a Cardo Scala 700 after my Cardo Scala 500 broke -LRB- my fault - dropped it on the floor of the garage and the kids stepped on it -RRB- . Overall , I think it 's a really nice headset for the price , but it could be better.On the positive front , it 's very small and lightweight . You can wear this headset without really feeling it . That 's nice . Putting it beside the 500 , it looks about 1/2 as big . It also paired easily with my Treo 650 . I appreciate the USB cord charging -LRB- one less cord to lug around -RRB- , and it connects to the phone pretty quickly when it rings.The downsides I have are mostly around sound quality . I could drive the 500 to the point where it would hurt my ear and I 'd need to turn it down . This one does n't get that loud , and it 's tough to hear if you are n't in a quiet area . The mike quality is n't that great , either - people can tell you 're on a headset , not on a normal cell phone . But it 's tolerable.On the really picky front , the batter life does n't seem to be up there with the 500 . I have to recharge this one at least twice a week , where I could easily keep the 500 running for a week . The `` mute '' on the headset plays an annoying tone every 30 seconds which blocks out what the caller is saying . And it no longer beeps when your phone hangs up if you do n't hang up on the guy first.In general , I 'm satisfied , but I wish they 'd have kept the 500 's internals with this new model .
 Better wind noise control than Jawbone , and Plantronics 510 . Stays connected with Razer . Others do n't . Background music a problem . Jawbone better when backgroung gets rough.The Boom best of all but so far no bluetooth . www.theboom.com.Bites ear after awhile.Good transmit and recieve audio . Almost as good as 510 in audio response.For less than $ 40 -- Good buy .
 this is a good bluetooth and works good not one of the best of the ones that I had seems to be well made
 The Scala 700 bluetooth is my favorite of those I 've used.I like its looks and weight . Its features are very helpful , send-answer a call , redial , vol up/down , mute , etc. .
 This headset was super easy to sync with my iphone . I like everything about it but , if I could change something I would have it be easier to turn on with a switch instead of holding the button down for 4 seconds . Also , I wish there was an easier way to see it turn on . My sunglasses block the color blue -LRB- the light blinks blue when it turns on -RRB- and so if I turn it on while driving it is hard to know for sure that it is on while watching the road . I do n't leave it on my ear to turn off or on because if you do n't push the button exactly right the unit calls the person you most recently talked to . A bit annoying , but it is an inexpensive headset and overall works great for the price .
 I was looking for a one of the less expensive but good earpieces.This one met that requirement . As far as sound quality people on the other end rarely complain and every so often I have trouble hearing but that might even be the phone . very comfortable , especially for someone who has the small earlobes.Pairing was quick , and my phone has had problems with other bluetooth devices . Functions -LRB- answer , volume control -RRB- feel sensitive/flimsy and take a little getting used to . Have not run out of charge but have n't used it for extended periods .
 I 've tried both the Motorola HS810 and the Treo bluetooth headsets , and this by far is the best one . The problem with Motorola is that it does n't synch with the Treo 650 100 % of the time ; while the Treo headset has very poor volume -LRB- I need to be in a quiet room to hear anything -RRB- . The Cardo Scala 700 has great fit -LRB- it sits right over the ear canal -RRB- , great volume -LRB- even when driving with windows down -RRB- , and it synchs with the Treo 650 all the time . This is the headset I 'd recommend for anyone with the Treo 650 .
 Also have a Motorola H700 . The Cardo Scala 700 beats it hands down . The Scala has a better battery , longer range , and is much more confortable . Would have given it 5 stars , but these are the only headsets I 've ever owned . Have to leave room for other contenders .
 Great choice . I 've used the headset for more than 2 months and feel really happy with my purchase.Here is a list of the advantages I found : - Light weight-Amazing battery life.-Although is not cheap , it 's a great price if you compare it to other headsets.-Pairs pretty quickly with my Blackberry Pearl , never had any trouble with the pairing.The only negative point is the black plastic that it uses to support to your ear . It seems fragile . Always remember to be careful ... In brief , I recommend this product .
 I ca n't even begin to tell you the hell I 've been through with other BT headsets and the Treo 650 . They all had pairing issues - either they wo n't pair with the phone or they do n't stay paired . And the volume was not loud enough . I returned at least 5 headsets until I came across this one . The sound quality is maybe an 8 out of 10 but the volume is unbelievable , and this coming from a guy that does n't have the best hearing . I can actually hear the person on the line - all the time . Even in noisy environments . No complaints from people on the receiving end except when I 'm in the home and the mircowave oven is running -LRB- this will scramble almost all BT frequencies -RRB- . Buttons are placed well and they are very responsive.Initial pairing was a breeze and the 700 connects to my phone flawlessly on virtually every call . In the two weeks I 've owned it , I think it failed to connect on two occasions and I make well over 50 calls/day . This compares to the 75 % connect rate I realized with other BT headsets.Battery life is a 10 out of 10 . I charge the headset every day but I often talk 5-6 hours in one day without recharging . Just amazing ! They claim 10 hours -LRB- which it may actually achieve -RRB- but I 'm amazed it can actually make it past 5 hours.The range is not that great but I ca n't fault the headset as Treo is known to incorporate substandard BT electronics into their phones - which make the range very , very poor . Once in a while , if the phone is in my right pocket and headset in my left ear , there is a slight crackling noise . It 's not bad though , but can be annoying . Pulling it out of my pocket immediately relieves the problem.Whatever you do , do n't attempt to test the buzzer feature when the headset is in your ear - the buzzing is LOUD when it 's placed right in the ear . But if you needed to find it if lost in the room , be prepared to make the room very quiet to locate it . It relies on the internal speaker to create the buzzing sound.Nice to have TWO chargers available in the retail packaging -LRB- one standard wall outlet adapter and one USB charger -RRB- . The carrying case was useless but a nice add nonetheless.I would recommend this to anyone with a Treo 650 . I 'm not sure if this headset will rate as well with other phones but I can guarantee you wo n't find a better BT headset for the 650 .
 Audio is clear thru the headset although some callers have complained they could n't hear me but it could have been poor reception . The controls can be a little too sensitive as instead of turning off the headset I have on several occasions accidently redialed the last call .
 I bought this headset and its incredible , very tiny ang light , the reception is fine , i recomend it !!
 I am quite pleased with my Cardo 700 . I researched many Bluetooth headsets before making my final choice . I have used this with the Samsung A640 and the Blackberry 8700C and had great success with both . Like any headset , however , in a high-noise environment , it does have a very sensitive microphone and it can be difficult for your listener to hear just you . In a normal room or relatively quiet automobile , I find it very good to use.I would recommend this headset because of its very light weight and its very long talk-time of 10 hours .
 I hav an employer-provided BlackBerry 8700c and a Nokia 6102i for personal use , and I was looking for a headset that would switch easily from one phone to the other . I 've had the Scala 700 for about a month , and I could n't be more pleased with it . It swaps phones quickly , and if I 've had my phone off and turn it on , it has reconnected quickly every time.I can hear the person with whom I 'm talking better over this headset than I can over either phone , and I 've had no complaints about how I sound over it . My wife says that she usually ca n't tell if I 'm on the headset or not.It did take me a couple of days to get the earpiece fixed just right , but after that , a couple of times I have forgotten that I was wearing it till it started to ring.The Cardo Scala 700 has been exactly what I wanted , and quite honestly , it has been much better than I expected from any headset .
 Works well , easy to use , audio good , just a bit tinny . Would recommend .
 This is a good headset . Lightweight , easy to use . One issue , when muting headset there is a tone that beeps to remind you that you are on mute . This tone drives me crazy . Other than the mute issue , I recommend .
 Really , I 'd probably give it 5 stars , but my wife complains it sounds tinny on her end . I owned a Cardo Scala 500 and this is superior in both comfort and sound . It feels much more secure than the 500 , yet is so light I forget I have it on and has excellent sound .
 There is one drawback - the charge life is approximately 4 hours . I like the way the unit conforms to your ear , the lightness , and the sound quality . It is small and does n't interfere with my earrings.Super buy ! I 'm very glad I bought it - I 've had it for a couple of weeks and once I get the auto charger , I 'll be even happier .
 I search all the net to find the best review on the lowest priced bluetooth headset I could find . Out of all the ones researched , I decided to purchase the Scala 700 . I got it quickly in the mail . It only takes very little time to charge and the charge lasts for days and days ... I love this lightweight device and do recommend it to anyone . I can hear on it very well and have no complaints from the people listening to me on the other end .
 I had the Cardo Scala 500 , it was great . When it needed replacement , I went up to the Scala 700 ... it 's smaller and works as well or better than the 500 which was excellent , especially at eliminating ambient wind noise.The only shortfalls are peripheral to the actual headset . The belt carrying case for the headset is huge and WAY too big for it making it essentially useless . The ear piece that goes behind the ear to keep the headset on your ear is a little light and bends a little too easily . This is n't huge , but it does mean that once you adjust it , it does n't stay adjusted , it needs to be readjusted almost every time I put it on ... it 's a bit of a pain , but I 'd still buy it again.Bottom line , the headset is excellent , but they missed a little on the details ... But again , I 'd definitely buy this unit again ! Hope this helps ...
 It works well , and I love how small it is . I have n't figured out if it 's too small or not -LRB- I am afraid I might lose it -RRB- . Sound quality is good and it holds a charge well . It was not expensive , and that matters a lot . *** UPDATE *** It 's been 4 months and I have n't lost it !!! I like the little pouch it came with -LRB- that 's handy in my purse -RRB- . I like how light weight it is . It fits my ear well and is flexibal if needed . Yep , I think this is a good buy !
 Outstanding headset . Best I have ever used . Syncs perfectly with my Treo 650 . One press of the call button locks it onto my Treo for bluetooth operation . I even use a second one at home with my 5.8 ghz cordless phones and a BTA II scala bluetooth adapter .
 I bought the headset for my husband as a gift . He absolutely loves it . I can hardly get him to take it off . He is more or less a `` technology connoisseur '' ... and this is one of his favorite pieces . Highly recommended !
 This is the best headset , bar none , do not hesitate to buy this one , the only thing that I did not like was that it loses the connecxtion when re-charging ... but no big deal ...
 Buy these up . I promise you , working for the number 3 cell phone provider -LRB- based on subscribers -RRB- , I have found many less than satisfactory headsets . Unfortunately , I 've had to tell many customers that their $ 100 headsets were just plain bad . I love the scala-700 . In fact , I 've bought an additional one for my mom for her new phone I 've bought her , and she soon will love it too . Cardo Systems , knows bluetooth , and I have yet to have imcompatibility issues with a bluetooth phone . More is not always better -LRB- in this case anyways -RRB- . You wont be disapointed . I 've recommended this headset to many customers , and many have thanked me personally . I wish more people would look to save themselves some money and also not sacrifice quality . I keep my phone on at nights now , with my headset close to bed , all i do is put it on and press the button to take the call . 10 hours of talk time is amazing , no phone even has those stats . If you 're not loving this headset , no headset will satisfy you . Even the packaging states `` The Bluetooth Headset for Perfectionists '' .
 When I first used it , I thought this one is going back to where it came from ! Everything looked flimsy and designed with no regards to the Human ears , and the sound quality sounded like somebody was talking to me through a tin can . But I took a deep breath and decided to give it a chance . And here I am , got used to it.At the beginning you might feel that it does n't sit well on your ear and the speaker does n't go fully inside your ear so you might think you are actually getting the outside noises into the mix . But after a while , you get the ` hang ' of it and you learn how to wear it , bend the loop around your ear -LRB- which by the way can be easily exchanged from left to right -RRB- , and sit comfortably on your ear . People say they hear me clear and very well . I hear them clear as well -LRB- although the tin can effect is still there , but that really is n't bothering me at all -RRB- . I have used many kinds before , and let me tell you , there is no reason you should pay $ 40 + on such an ear piece , it is not worth it . Certainly not those ones that cost $ 90 or $ 100 or more !! . Stick with the Cardo and you will be OK with that . After all you just need something you can speak into and hear well . And this one does do the job.Some people praise or are hooked on the neat feature of swapping between two phones . I honestly do n't see where this features becomes practical , unless you are one of those people who carry multiple phones for ... who knows what for ... But if this features speaks to you , then definitely , this one is made for you.Enjoy !
 If I had payed $ 100.00 this would still be a great price for this headset.Small light weight and the sound is greatI have 4 headsets but this is the best yet . Thanks Scala and keep up the good work . What 's nex from Cardo One that Fix breakfast LOL
 Very Good product for price . Consistent with ratings on net sites . Lite , comfortable , clear sound . Great Value !
 My main concern with buying a headset was clarity , both in transmitting and reception . The Scala 700 rates a 5 in both of these areas . However , I found that maintaining a continuous connection was a problem . I use a Treo 700w and found that I had to reconnect via bluetooth 3 or 4 times a day . The headset gives no indication that the connection has been lost and thus incoming calls would go directly to the phone piece and not the headset . I did like the comfort of the headset . Many times , I would forget I was wearing it . Originally , I thought the connectivity issue may be from my phone but I purchased a different headset and have had not connectivity issues . I 've since given the Scala 700 to my wife and she is not having any connectivity issues , using a Moto Razor
 The feel is great and the sound is very good as well . I 've tried a few Motorola headsets and they just do n't fit very well . This one was great .
 This was my first time purchasing a hands-free device for my cell phone . I did a lot of research and looked at different headsets online as well as asked others what they use . I have been very pleased with my choice of the Cardo Scala 700 . It 's very easy to use and the sound quality is excellent . The size of this headset is ideal , not too big .
 The scala 700 is a great product - I can not think of anything that I do n't like about it . it is clear , as comfortable as a bluetooth headset can be -LRB- obviously not wearing one is more cofortable -LCB- :o-RRB- it has a long battery life and is relatively small . I would love to have an headset that is invisible - but unfortunately they do n't exist yet .
 From the limited testing that I did the voice on the other end is clear and reasonably noise free . It works well with my motorola phone and the volume is good . Even works with the voice dial well .
 I have been using the Cardo Systems Scala 700 Bluetooth Headset for a little over a month now and really like it . I drive a convertible and was not having much luck with the new Jabra . I use my cellphone primarily in my car , so I needed something that would work well for that . The noise-canceling works terrific and the only -LRB- mildly -RRB- negative comment I ever get is that it sometimes sounds as if I 'm on a speakerphone . I consider this a very minor inconvenience since people could barely hear me on the Jabra . The only other item is the fit . It takes a little manipulation to figure out how to keep it in place , but once you realize you only need to adjust the piece that goes over the ear , you 're there . Overall , this is a great headset and I would encourage anyone to purchase one .
 I am very pleased so far with this device . a cost of $ 40.00 is a great bargain for a well performing bluetooth headset . It is lightweight and a real comfort to wear . One problem however is the swap feature . If you do not swap between two devices often -LRB- say once or twice an hour -RRB- the device has the potential to `` stick '' on one device only . You have to power down the headset and power up to `` unstick '' the device . This may be an isolated incident because of my devices . I currently use the headset for a Blackberry 7130e and a cingular 3125 smartphone . I have the issue mainly with the cingular device.All in all . I love it !
 Overall I 'm very pleased with the Scala 700 . Pros :1 . Sound quality is excellent . I was worried that without earbuds to create a tight ear canal seal , speaker sound would be compromised - not so - volume and quality are superior to any other headset I 've tried .2 . Bendable earhook seems flimsy at first , but after taking the time to adjust/form it to my earshape I see the wisdom of this design . It 's flexible enough to customize to each customer 's needs . Very comfortable after adjustment .3 . Controls are not intuitive , but work very well once you take the time to read the manual .4 . Battery life excellent - over a week on standby with at least 3 hours of calls .5 . Paired easily with Samsung U740 . Voice control/dialing functions well .6 . Microphone works well to filter out wind and road noise.All in all this unit was a very good value and I would buy this again .
 This review is for the Scala 700 , but I have also used the Scala 500 , and so , I will point out some of the differences between the two.Both models are compatible and work well with my Palm Treo 650 from Sprint -LRB- firmware version 1.13 a -RRB- . The Bluetooth pairing is fast and easy , and I have not ever lost that pairing . The headset picks up audio of incoming/outgoing calls quickly . I have not experienced any missed calls.The Scala 700 works as equally well as the Scala 500 with the Treo 650 . However , I prefer the Scala 700 for the following reasons . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Scala 700 is noticeably smaller than the Scala 500 . -LRB- 2 -RRB- You can disable the blinking light on the Scala 700 if you do n't like it . -LRB- 3 -RRB- You can press a button on the 700 to indicate the amount of battery power remaining
 I was looking for a piece to replace myMotorola HS850 , which was broken by falling on a hardwood floor . My final decision rested between thePlantronics Voyager 510and Scala 700 . Since it was too hard of a decision , I bought both - Scala for me and Plantronics 510 for my wife - since she had n't previously had one at all . Now that I tried both items , here is the bottom line
 I bought one of these units about 6 months ago , and liked it so well I just bought another one for my daughter.The quality and ease of use are excellent . Extremely comfortable , I can hear the person on the other end of the call flawlessly and clearly , and they tell me I come through loud and clear.That 's what one looks for in a Bluetooth headset , and the Cardio 700 delivers . What more need be said ?
 very good product . An improvement over the scala 500 -LRB- Since the 500 is larger in size and lacking the much needed `` locate '' function which I find is the one of the most usefula additions to the 700 -RRB- software works very efficiently with the son ericcson . One new design change that I didnt like is that the headset is automatically turned off when the charger is connected . Was n't this way for any fo the previous models . this makes it necessary to turn it on every time I charge before I can receive a call on it directly . -LRB- Usually forgotten until the call comes in and I have to fish out the phone despite having the blue tooth on my ear -RRB-
 This seems to be a really nice blue tooth . It 's small and very comfortable on the ear . I can hardly feel it . The sound quality is good . The battery lasts a long time . I have n't had time to really play with it and see what it can do , but it was easy to set up and get started using the basic functions . Amazon had the best price , plus free shipping , and got it to me fast , as usual . I 'm very pleased .
 I 've had mine for about 2 weeks and love it . Range and sound quality is excellent . Its very comfortable to wear and very light weight . I forget its on . I can talk for hours with no problems
 I received this headset as a gift for Christmas and I would recommend this product . It 's the best headset for its price .
 I choose this headset based on a recomendation from a friend mainly for its flexible ear hook . It allows you to bend the ear loop to fit exactly to your ear . Once fitted , it stays on secure and I can not shake it off my head on purpose or accidental . The sound quailty is good for me and the caller . The noise cancellation works good too . It has all the standard features you would expect in a headset . The headset is also very light , so wearing it for etended periods of time is no issue . Overall it does a great job and for the price I paid on Amazon , you cant go wrong .
 I 've had this headset for 5 months & I 'm still very pleased with it . I also have a Motorola H500 and the Scala-700 beats it hands down in almost every category . I use it with a RAZR and I 've never lost connectivity -LRB- something I could n't ever say about the H500 , and it was a breeze to sync-up . Callers seem to have no problem hearing me , & hear far less background noise than on the Motorola . I found it perfectly loud enough . One small complaint is that it 's not quite as immediately comfortable to wear as the other as there 's no soft rubber where your ear hits the speaker . However , if you take a moment or two to adjust , it 's really quite comfortable & lightweight .
 I have spent over a $ 100 on plantronics and jabra headsets in the past , kept losing them so I decided to get something cheaper . This headset is actually better than their more expensive counterparts . The comfort of the ear piece takes a little time but the sound quality is great , and it has fewer kinks than other models . My only con is that I dropped the headset and the case fell into two pieces . . but it is still working with scotch tape : - -RRB-
 I love my Scala 700 . The sound quality is excellent . It 's very lightweight , and the controls are easy to use .
 I got the information I needed from Cnet and with their recommendation came to Amazon and got the best deal . The head set works perfectly with my LG8600 . It is extremely comfortable -- I forget I have it on . Everything Cnet said was true and more .
 Only complaint is that the ear piece is not tight enough . It will fall off if you are active while wearing it .
 I bought this bluetooth headset for my boyfriend for Christmas & so far he likes it . Very reasonable price for the features you get.It 's light wieght & he wears glasses & he says it fits on his ear without causing any problems with his glasses.The sound quaility is great . He can hear them really well & they can hear him . It appears that this bluetooth headset does exactly what it says .
 Having read many reviews about Bluetooth headsets it appeared that many products did not live up to their expectations . The main reason for changing phones was to go wireless , so I decided to take a chance . I have used the Cardo Scala 700 for 2 months and have no complaints . The unit is very compact , lightweight , and comfortable that you forget you have it in your ear . Sound quality , volume , and reception are n't an issue . The controls are easy to locate and operate . The battery seems to last forever . Setting up the headset -LRB- pairing -RRB- was simple and needed to be done only once . The Amazon price and prompt delivery was an positive experience . At this point in time I am very happy with this product .
 I was looking for an inexpensive , lightweight wireless solution for my office phone . Cardo Wireless makes a device called the BTA-II that adapts a standard cel phone with 2.5 mm headphone jack to Bluetooth . Radio Shack sells an adapter from a standard corded land line phone to a 2.5 mm headphone jack . The combination of those two products gave my office phone Bluetooth capability . However when I tried my Motorola H500 headset , the audio reception was perfect , but the callers heard a loud buzzing noise . I tried everything and could n't get the buzzing to go away . I was about to give up , but then decided that maybe I should try a better headset . I bought the Scala 700 , and was immediately impressed with the improved comfort and sound quality . The buzzing to callers was no longer there . In fact , folks that I called commented that the sound quality was excellent . Now I have the perfect cordless office solution using a comfortable Bluetooth headset , the Cardo Scala 700 .
 I have been using bluetooth on my cell phones for nearly 6 years . I have tried and thrown out or lost at least 10 bluetooth headsets in the past 6 years . I am very happy to say that the Cardo Scala 700 is one I will try to hang on to . It has several capabilities that are critical to me :1 - Great listening volume2-Very good voice quality for the people I speak with.3-Excellent battery life4-Very easy to use.5-Very comfortable.I use by blackberry 8700C and bluetooth headset as my primary office phone . I am on it 12 - to 16 hours a day . The Scala 700 is the best blue toothheadset I have used to date . It is also one of the least expensive quality headsets on the market.I strongly recommend it .
 The reception and the functionality of the Scala 700 Bluetooth Headset is quite good , taking into consideration the relatively low cost . The actual earpiece is a bit problematic in that it does not fit securely on your ear , however , it can be adjusted for a better fit . Overall , I am pleased with the headset .
 I can talk for over 5 continuous hours on this headset -LRB- never tried longer -RRB- . However , my Motorola HS820 is more comfortable AND my callers understand me better . I get many complaints with the Scala 700 that my voice is n't clear or our connection is bad . In addition , when I listen to mp3 files , the HS820 has a warmer sound . The Scala 700 has a ` tinty ' sound.The Scala 700 comes with a proprietary usb and a case . Nice .
 Tried several motorola bluetooth and the Scale 500 and 700 out preforms them in every way . It has all the volumn you need and the person you are talking to can not tell that you on a bluetooth .
 after reading all of the reviews on the Cardo Scala 700 , I decided to purchase this item and it turned out to be just as the reviews stated . I gave it a 4 star only because of the static that so many mentioned in the reviews and I have experienced it . other than that , I love how it syncs so immediate , the volume is very loud , small and very easy to use the many functions . Great product !
 I 've been using this unit for about a month now . I tried 4 other units before settling on this one -LRB- initially based on reviews -RRB- . What I like about it is that most folks can not tell I 'm on a headset , even in the car with wind noise . The DSP feature works as advertised to remove non-voice background noise . It 's literally like carrying on a conversation with someone in the same room . The ear hook is a bit uncomfortable , but after trying 4 other really bad performing units , overall this is a huge win . There is the occassional crackling in the ear , but the person on the other end never seems to hear it . It also has a perceived impressive standby and talk time with me just deciding to charge it after a week of off and on usage .
 So far , probably the best BT headset I have ever had . Simple , lightweight and great fit . Heard great things about battery life , but I 've only had it for about two hours so far !
 I previously owned a Cardo Systems bluetooth headset and somehow I lost it !! Just to see what would happen , I inputted Cardo Systems and what do you know , Amazon had that same brand!I love this headset as well as or more than the previous one I owned .
 The Scala 700 Bluetooth headset really works . It has the ease that anyone can understand and the volume that makes it user friendly even in crowds
 I was searching for an attractive bluetooth at a descent price , then I found this one . After reading all the previous reviews , weighing pros and cons of all possible contenders , and looking at financial loss should my choice be a `` DUD '' ; I chose the Cardo Scala 700 ! I did n't order just one ; but two . At the price listed I figured I could not go wrong ... I was right ! The Cardo Scala 700 is light weight , comfortable , attractive , very versatile , and sound clarity is wonderful . In short ; this headset is `` FANTABULOUS !!! ''
 I bought the Card Systems Scala 700 headset a few months ago , and I have not regretted it one bit . The headset has a lot of great features.Pros : - Very affordable-Comfortable and easy to wear on either ear-Quick and easy to link and operate-Decent range -LRB- I can leave my phone in the living room and wander about my apartment without issue -RRB- - Pair-swap feature is amazing . I can have easily switch the connection between my Blackberry and my Playstation3 by simply pressing the rocker button twice.-Has a `` find headset feature '' for when you lose it , but this obviously only works when the headset is on-Great sound , bought incoming and outgoingCons : - Not very stylish , it looks a little bit clumsy to me-Charger plugin is unique , I can not share it with other devices-Can easily get lost , though this problem is shared by all small headsets reallyOverall , for the price you pay , it would be extremely tough to beat this headset !
 This is the first bluetooth device I 've owned . After much research and reading reviews , I picked this one b/c of the swapping feature between 2 phones.I am soooooo happy with my purchase ! Not only is it super-lightweight and adjusts to fit perfectly , but the functions are so easy and swapping could n't be easier.Not to mention , people can hear me clearly when driving and with background noise . And , no one has said they hear their own voice `` echo , '' much like what happens with talking to people wearing poorly made bluetooths.It 's AWESOME .
 This is my first bluetooth headset . I bought it after reading lots of great reviews about it , and reading mixed reviews about the Motorola headsets.I 've used it for 2 weeks now , without any troubles at all . After about 5 minutes I forget that I 'm even wearing it because it 's so light and fits very snug to my ear . I was skeptical about how well it would adhere to my ear and not fall off but the flexible over-the-ear bar is very pliable and I was able to bend it to fit my ear just right.I 've asked people whether they notice the difference between me using the headset or my phone and they said I come through just as clear both ways . However one friend noted that when I was speaking to him from a retail store , the in-store intercom voice came through the headset mic as if someone was standing right next to me . But while I was talking to him he said the intercom audio faded somewhat , so perhaps the Cardo headset adjusts the boom level automatically.Overall , I could n't be happier .
 Not having much luck with past Bluetooth headsets , I was hesitant to give up my wired headset . But , all in all , I am pleased with the Cardo Scala 700 . Occasionally , I do get quite a bit of static but that tends to be during the initial stages of the call while dialing . Once connected , I rarely get static unless I am talking with my girlfriend < g > . If I am in a noisy environment , people sometimes have a hard time hearing me but that is infrequent . I have had some difficulty keeping this working with my Treo 700wx but I have never figured out if it is the cellphone or the Bluetooth headset . Usually , if I `` refresh '' the headset on the phone , it will work fine once again . The ability to easily switch it from one ear to the other without any hassle is also nice . I am very impressed with the battery life . I 've had this for a month and despite sometimes not charging it for a couple days , I have never run out of juice . Most importantly for me is the comfort . Once I figured out how to adjust the ear band so there are no pressure points , I do n't even realize I have it on ; that 's how light it is . In fact , a couple times it has been on when I laid down in bed at night and I did n't realize it until I rolled over and put that ear on my pillow . This is probably an odd comment but it is so lightweight that it almost feels cheap ; in the same way as if you were to hold a cheap $ 5 Kmart Blue Light Special watch in one hand and in the other hand , you hold a Rolex , which feels more substantial . Still , I 'll take the lightweight headset anytime . If I were to buy a Bluetooth headset as a gift , this would be the one .
 I have used all kinds of headsets . The Motorola headsets are good and functional , but IMO just not that comfortable too me and start to feel heavy after time . The Cardo Scala 700 not only works great but fits more comfortably . It 's flexible ear loop can essentially be ` molded ' to fit the contours of your ear . I can wear mine for 1/2 a day without thinking about it . Clarity is good , have n't heard any complaints.I just started using it with the Blackberry Pearl and find it simple use the HF Voice Dialing . It 's got a nice easy mute function as well . : - -RRB-
 This is my fourth headset , and by far the best.Fits well on the ear , it 's small only two inches long.Plus the blinking blue light can be shut on or off anytime you like.For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 After receiving this new gadget , it took me 15 mins to get it running with Skype , -LRB- including voice training -RRB- , then my Virgin Mobile `` Super Slice '' USA pay-as-you-go cell phone , AND my XDA Orbit UK contract cellphone . All three up and running and paired . Being able to literally switch between the phones by double tapping the device really works.So in my scenario , I use Skype exclusively ALL the time I am in range of any wireless , -LRB- which makes calling either free or pennies to pay -RRB- and then when I leave that environment , it is a simple case of double-tapping the earpiece and I can drive safely with no configuring to do at all . And to cap it all , I travel bewtween the US and UK a lot , so when I get off the plane in England , once again , I do not need to do any reconfiguring , it just works . As it is illegal to use a handset whilst driving in the UK , this is especially important ... And all this for $ 30 ! -LRB- I have paid twice that for a plain vanilla headset -RRB- . I highly recommend this bit of kit , hence this review . Well done Cardo people .
 I am very please with my Cardo Scala 700 - Bluetooth Headset . It is small and compact works very well .
 This product is great . The biggest issue with it is the earloop . I ` ve had to change it twice in 5 months and it keeps breaking up . Other than that this headset is great . The battery autonomy , the sound quality and the fact that it can be used with 2 phones and you can easily switch between phones is more than great .
 I am very satisfied with my new bluetooth . I had to return the 1st one I bought bacause the speaker was not working and other people could n't hear me . I returned it and recieved my new one within a week . I appreciate the promt service and really like my new headset .
 I bought the Cardo Scala 700 initially for my 16 yr old son . It was so good out of the box that I have bought a second one now for myself . Its great for driving down the road and it pairs well with a Sanyo Katana DLX and a Sanyo M1.It does well until the surrounding environment becomes extremely noisy or windy . But in all other common environments its great . People when asked , say it sounds as good or better on their end , as my cellphone itself does ; and I can hear others just as well . Response to all voice commands is great ! I can check and navigate through my voicemail without a hitch.I have very carefully researched headsets for a few weeks before deciding on this purchase and I strongly recommend it - if you want something on the budget end . If you want something that is truly creme de la creme and willing to pay for it ; then you need to get the Aliph Jawbone . These are the only two headsets to get on the market at the moment .
 Very sturdy fit to your ear -LRB- due to adjustable ear loop -RRB- , good and loud sound , some ` noise ' outside in the wind but much better overall -LRB- according to my wife -RRB- than my old Motorola H-350 . Unfortunately I appear to have lost it somewhere -LRB- only 2 weeks use ! -RRB- so am contemplating buyer another one !
 I bought this to replace my lost Motorola H700 . I like its small ear loop which makes it fit nicely with my glasses or sunglasses . It was easy to set up and the voice quality is very clear.The only negative to it is that it is difficult to turn on and off . If you forget that it is on and answer the phone , you have to locate the earpiece or switch the phone .
 The headset was very easy to pair with my Blackberry system and the ability to use 2 phones with this set was great . It took me a while to get comfortable with the earpiece but I finally found the right position so that I could hear properly . Voice transfer is very clear and the volume is good .
 The Scala 700 Bluetooth headset is a great deal for the money . For less than $ 50 I have a small yet powerful earpiece that I am not embarassed to use when talking to clients . This is my third bluetooth earpiece and the first two either just quit working or had the echo effect . The Scala has great sound clarity and was easy to set up . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because of the way it fits on my ear . I have to fold the ear strap so tight behind my ear that after about 10 minutes the back of my ear starts to hurt . It may just be that I have weird shaped ear so do n't let this stop you from buying it .
 While the sound quality is slightly less than their 500 model and they have ruined the ear clip -LRB- why do they do that , they had the best ear clip and to save a penny or two , they go cheap crap -RRB- . But since i had a clip from my old 500 , i just use that clip and it works fine -LRB- the clip that comes with the 700 works fine , it is just not up to the scala name -RRB- . I have tried so many bluetooth head sets , spent hundredths and hundredths and hundreths of dollars -LRB- plantronics discovery 645 , the jawbone , motorola and on and on -RRB- but the scala units are by far the best.Outstanding noise suppression , good sound quality , durable , light weight -LRB- you will not believe how light and comfortable -RRB- and a truly adjustable ear clip . if you can find the 500 , buy it , if not , the 700 is a close runner up.Save yourself a lot of money -LRB- and time -RRB- and buy the best , the first time .
 good deal . wish i bought this item a long time ago . works like a charm . sound quality is indistinguishable from regular cell phone . good value . good product . recommended .
 This review focuses on a Scala 700 with a Treo 700p . I 've previously used and returned a Jabra JX10 -LRB- callers complained of background noise -RRB- and a Plantronics 510 -LRB- it could n't maintain a connection with the Treo -RRB- . This is the winner of the three . It paired immediately , and it does n't lose the connection with the -LRB- notoriously finicky -RRB- Treo 700p . If I walk away with the phone and later return them together again , the Scala usually reconnects automatically . If it does n't , a tap on the side of the Scala reconnects them in about 1-2 seconds . Ditto if I turn off the Scala then turn it back on.It 's also comfortable and plenty loud . I found the volume rocker very easy to use . Amazingly , I can use this headset in a convertible at freeway speeds ; I can hear the caller and the caller can hear me . That 's simply astonishing . It 's worked well in light wind so far.The range seems to mirror other Bluetooth headsets with the usual amount of static if the phone is n't in line of sight . As is common , the headset works best when it is positioned on the same side of your body as the phone.The Scala 700 can supposedly pair with up to 10 phones and can rapidly switch between two of them . I have not tried this.Battery life is impressive , and it charges quickly . The phone comes with a wall charger and a USB cable charger . Note that the plug on the Scala uses a custom connection , so you can not use a standard USB to mini USB cable to charge it.It also comes with a small belt loop to hold the unit when not in use . I 've found that it 's small enough to simply put in my pocket . There 's also a feature that helps you find it when it 's lost . Place a call and then rapidly move your phone 's volume up and down . This causes the Scala to vibrate and make a noise . It 's useful if you misplace your headset.All in all , I 'm very pleased.Pros : - Pairs quickly , stays paired , re-pairs automatically - Plenty loud - Decent range - Pairs with multiple phones - Good battery life - Helps you find it when misplaced - Excellent priceCons : - Not as small as JX10 and othersI hope you found this review helpful .
 I have tried way too many bluetooth headsets -LRB- Motorola , Plantronics , IO Gear , Logitech , Jabra -RRB- and found most to be disappointing . IMHO , the Scala 700 right now is the best bang for the buck . This is my second product from Cardo Scala - the first being the 500 , which was also a great headset . The 500 had great sound on both ends and was more than loud enough . Most other headsets suffer from earpiece volume that is just not loud enough . Also the lack of noise cancellation and wind noise reduction on the other headsets made them only useful in the office or a quiet car . The Scala 700 windguard technology is not perfect - but performs much better than anything else I have tried . The 700 is about 1/3 smaller than the 500 and performs just as well in every aspect . The buttons and controls are easy to use and intuitive . It takes a little tweaking to adjust the headset for a comfortable fit , but after some bending and shaping of the earpiece , the headset was very stable and comfortable . For the price , this is a very good option .
 I bought this for my Treo 650 and so far I 'm very impressed . Battery life is great -LRB- about 10 hours -RRB- , charges very quickly , and it 's literally so light you forget you 're wearing it . I also appreciate the addition of a PC USB charge cable for travelling lighter . Very nice addition for this price.I 've only had it for a week and it is holding up well -LRB- you get a padded velcro carrying case too -RRB- but my initial impression , to be honest , was that it seemed a little too fragile - again it 's very small and light . So I 've been skeptical but we 'll see how it goes and if I have to return it I 'll modify my review.Pairing it up with the Treo 650 was fast and simple . It rings about 1 second after the phone rings also . The volume control on the unit is easy to use and can be turned up very loud . No complaints on the sound quality from anyone - my wife says it sounds a little like I 'm on speakerphone but it 's clear and understandable.Update
 This is the best bluetooth headset I 've tried . I 've had it almost 2 months now , and it 's rarely become unpaired , even after my Treo 700p has been turned off or reset , or after I 've turned the headset off . It sometimes loses connection with the phone , in which case I just have to press the control button once to establish the connection again . The sound is good , both on my side and the receiver 's side -- nobody has ever complained . It 's also very small , light , and comfortable , once you adjust the earpiece.It 's got some great features . You can turn off the blinking light , you can cause it to buzz , thus , locating it when you ca n't find it , and you can determine the battery level or charging level using its lights . It charges quickly using the adaptor or usb connector and your computer , and the battery lasts a long time.I 've tried the Plantronics 510 and 350 , and the Motorola 700 , and none of them stayed paired with my Treo . I also owned a Scala 500 , but I lost it the first week I owned it . While I liked it , it was heavier and not as comfortable as the 700 , and the sound was clipped.All in all , a great bluetooth headphone at a great price !
 Cheep and good at what it does.I am using this with a T mobile SDA and it paired flawlessly . I have heard many things about Bluetooth and its inability to have a signal through walls but I have lost this phone because I was using the Scala all the time ! I had to call some one -LRB- I use the voice dial feature -RRB- to call me back ! -LRB- A little hard to explain that one -RRB- . Have n't got the locater function to work yet.Went two days of constant on/off use without charging ! Plus the blinking blue light can be shut on or off anytime you like . This is huge . I think the star-trek look is slow to be accepted -LRB- my roommate has promised to rib the heck out of me if I wear it all the time -RRB- And I agree with him . Wearing a blue-blinking-silver-plastic thing on your head all the time just looks stupid.But I can not deny the ease of use of this thing . To make , answer calls by just touching your Scala button Is awesome.BUT , if you leave it on in your pocket , it will just start calling peaple .
 I was concerned after ordering this device , when I read many reviews that said this device was a cheap piece of plastic that did n't fit into their ear properly . When I opened the packaged and first put it in my ear , I thought `` oh no - they were right ! `` But I then read the manual and after adjusting the `` ear loop '' and angling the headset slightly downward , it fit perfectly into my ear ! It 's snug , it does n't flop around at all . It fits in a different way from your traditional `` ear plug '' device but in many ways it 's more comfortable because it 's not sitting in your outer ear canal but slightly further outside.So if you 're thinking about ordering this device , I 'd recommend buying it . Just spend a little time getting the fit right and read the manual about how to adjust the ear loop which makes a huge difference . -LRB- Functionally the product paired with my Cingular Hermes 8525 phone perfectly - sound quality is fine -RRB- .
 As a long time Treo owner , I have lived with the `` bluetooth blues '' for a while , but this headset is the best I have found . This is the third BT headset I have bought for my Treo , and it is the best so far . The others were the Bodyglove Earglove BT headset -LRB- this was recommended by Sprint and it was so-so -RRB- and the Jabra BT500 headset -LRB- which was pretty good -RRB- . I have been using this headset for about two months now with a Treo 650 . Here is my experience .1 . It is light and comfortable on my ear .2 . It `` paired '' on the first try and seems to interconnect reasonably well .3 . It has the best volume of the 3 BT sets I have tried , so I can use it most places . This is significant as the Bodyglove was just too soft for practical use .4 . It is also the best -LRB- although similar to the Jabra -RRB- in terms of how far I can move from my phone -LRB- 8-10 feet -RRB- from my phone and maintain call quality .5 . the microphone voice quality -LRB- i.e. what folks hear from my end -RRB- is pretty good . I tested this by recording a voice message and listening to it , and it 's roughly comparable to just using the mic on the phone or a wired headset .6 . I ca n't really say how long the charge will last , but I have now used mine about 2 hours between charges without any issues . it also charges quickly.If you use a Treo , I would recommend this headset . It seems to be as good as any out there .
 When I purchased my Palm Treo 700p last August -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , I got a Motorola H500 headset with it . But listeners frequently complained about the quality , so I stopped using it . Then , doing some web research , I discovered the Cardo Scala 700 , which I then purchased in November . -LRB- It had just replaced the Scala 500 . -RRB- It 's been my constant companion ever since -LRB- 6 months how -RRB- . Once I got the ear hook shaped right , it is quite comfortable - often I 'm not even aware it 's on . I 've experimented with switching back and fort from the Cardo to my Treo mic , and listeners say there 's no discernable difference . At first there were some minor difficulties getting it linked , but after the first few weeks it and my Treo have become fast friends . Also , the look is quite ` cute ' - and not as bulky or boxy as many which are sprouting from people 's heads these days.I was a little bothered by the slight `` rattle '' of the black face cover -LRB- also a button -RRB- , but a miniscule drop -LRB- from a sharp toothpick end -RRB- of some glue -LRB- I used Gorilla Glue -RRB- at the ` point ' fixed that problem.I 'll notice some static when my Treo and my Cardo are n't well alighed -LRB- like when my body is between them -RRB- - but the problem is minimal , and my listeners claim they ca n't hear any interference . It seems to carry a lot of charge - I 've never had it run out on me , and the recharge time each evening seems quite minimal.It has many more functions than I commonly use . I primariliy use off and on , and turn off the blue flashing light . I 've never been comfortable with that cyborg head flashing blue light look . Once in awhile I 'll press the button that does last number re-dial , with sometimes embarassing results.My favorite use of it is when driving . I can do a quick look down at my Treo and see who 's calling , and then just talk away when the call arrives - hands free . It 's gotten to the point where I get irritated with myself when I have to hold my Treo to my ear ! Though after I 've received a call , I can put the Cardo on , and press the button that turns it on - seamlessly in the middle of a conversation . Obvioiusly my Cardo has spoiled me ! I 've not paid any attention to subsequent Bluetooth headsset ads - because I 'm quite content with what I have .
 I bought this ear piece after doing a little research that gave it 8 out of 10 . The price was very reasonable considering that others were selling for twice as much . Later , I did find a couple that were rated higher but cost more , and weighed more as well . The only complaint I have is when you receive a call it comes in very loud and you have to turn it down either by the ear piece or on the phone even though you changed the incoming call volume . Oh , if you ca n't decide , go to the Cardo Systems website and look up the 700 . There you will see that a German electronics magazine gave it an outstanding review . In other words buy it !!!!!!!!!!
 With the new law in CA I had to get a hands free . I read lots of reviews and went with the Scala 700 . It 's light weight , comfortable to wear and the charge lasts along time . It can sync to a few different phones so I 've got it set up to switch between my partners phone and mine , depending on whose driving.My in-laws just got the same units and they love thiers as well . Enjoy !
 I had the scala 500 and lost it . I bought this one to replace it . Always good sound and easy to operate . I love the over-the-ear piece that comes with it , they do n't stay in my ear without it . I think it is the best thing out there for the price .
 I used to have the Scala 500 and this is very simular . Light , does n't move or flop around . It switches between phones which is a real plus if you carry more than one -LRB- personal and company -RRB- . I can not wear the `` in the ear '' type of earbud and this is perfect .
 My entire family now has the Cardo Scala 700 and we all love it . It is lightweight and fits the ear just right . It is perfect for those who use a headset all of the time .
 I 've owned a Cardo headset in the past but recently lost it to my 1 yr old . It was older and did n't perform nearly as well as this one has . I have a Treo 700P , and it rings when the phone rings , picks up when I hit the button on the earpiece , and remains paired with the phone when I hang up . I have even started using it as a bluetooth headset in the office to chat with ! A simple $ 20 USB dongle , and you set the device as your speakers and microphone , and that 's it ! Also , the `` Find '' feature on the headset is very handy for when that same 1yr old likes to walk off with it and come back empty handed ;-RRB- . I 'm not sure if I got mine on special or not , but at $ 28/ea I bought three , and they 're worth every penny .
 This is my first headset and it is great ! It fits my ear just perfect . My family and friends can hear me with minimal , if any background noise . I have tested the reception at the mall , in my home , outside and it receives and accepts sound very good . I definately recommend this item especially for a female because the headset is not bulky or very long like some of the others .
 I got my headset yesterday and so far , so good . The sound quality is good ; I can hear well and people have no complaints about my talking . The previous reviewer warned about how hard it can be hanging it on the ear and that part will take getting used to . I expect to have to say to callers `` Hold on a moment while I put on my headset . '' But it can go on either side of the head , which is good . The on/off button on the cable works . The volume control works.An even better payoff is that although I got this one to be compatible specifically with my Motorola cell phone , it also works fine with my aged Lucent cordless handset , and I wanted a new headset for that too . This is inexpensive enough so I 've just ordered a second headset so I can keep one attached to my old cordless at home and have one to travel with my cell phone.I 've given it only 4 stars because I have n't had it long enough to see how well it survives wear and tear . However , it 's off to a good start .
 Product is excellent ; very slow to ship . Took over a week before they even shipped it .
 This is my second bluetooth headphone in the last couple of weeks . This one is very stable on your ear . You can even jog with this ON . I tried few others but each and everyone hurts the ear after an hour of usage even this one . So I guess this could not be counted as a bad point . Overall it is very classy . I have not came across the issues mentioned by other ppl . So far I had this for the last three days and used it for more than 8 hours and did not observe any problem with it .
 Before buying the Nokia BH-900 Bluetooth headset , I had done lot of research . I had reviewed the headsets from different companies also tested some of the cheaper ones . But , I am a big Nokia fan . I have always used the wireless phones and accesories from Nokia . And this product strengthened my belief in Nokia products . It is very sleek , convenient and has excellent sound quality . You can talk for hours . The important thing is that its totally worth to spend money -LRB- its little bit expensive than other products -RRB- on this product . Do n't worry just order this product and you will have more fun in using your cell phone .
 The fit is a little small for my ear , but no problems with audio quality .
 I bought this headset because it 's certified for Dragon Naturally Speaking . It 's the clearest headset I ever used , and works great with a Nokia phone . Also , convenient because it uses the same simple charger plug as my Nokia cell phone , so there is no need for a cradle or anyting.Watch the price , it fluctuates on Amazon between $ 65 and $ 85 depending on how many they have left at any time .
 I am very pleased with this bluetooth and very happy that I invested a bit more money to get a quality product . I use it all the time with my Blackberry and it works perfectly each time . It takes a bit of practice in the beginning to get used to the unique design of the ear hook , but it 's a good design once you get used to it .
 Nokia comes through again . I have tried numerous bluetooth headphones . This is by far the best . Reception is clear . I have not lost a connection and the set up is easy with my Nokia E62 phone . The only negative that prevents this devise from getting my highest mark is the ear clip design . The clip is soft but tight and irritates my ear after hours of use . Overall excellent functionality .
 Nice stylist product . I am using it with my Treo 700P . Crystal clear sound quality and different volument levels that suit me -LRB- use hearing aids -RRB- . Long lasting battery time . I charge it on the weekends only.Cons
 I just bought this so I have n't had a lot of usage on it yet , but I really like this product . I gave it a 4 star only because it is a bit on the expensive side . But the sound quality on the Nokia is so much better than my past 2 Logitech headsets both of which broke in less than a year of using them . It paired flawlessly with my LG325 any my Sony Vaio laptop . The voice dialing and all the features I need work great . Alot better than my old logitech in fact . I used to have to scream into my headset to get voice dialing to work . With the Nokia I can speak softly and I did n't have to reprogram any of the voice dials either -LRB- like I had to do for Logitech -RRB- . Certainly by far the best Bluetooth headset I have owned .
 Have tried quite a few different bluetooth headsets . Very impressed with the BH-900 audio quality . People ca n't tell that I am using a headset as the audio quality is excellent with no audio artifacts/noise . Very secure holding on your ear . I use this with a Nokia E61 , Motorola RAZR , WindowsXP.Only reason for giving it a 4 instead of 5 is : - rather expensive - slightly uncomfortable after long periods of use
 This headset is great . It is comfortable for me to wear all day . I do deliveries and it does n't bother me throughout my job . customers hear me loud and clear with the boom mike and I hear them so well I actually have to turn the volume down sometimes which is easy to do with the comfortable controls . It is true that occasionally when I would answer a call by pulling out the boom - that a call would be hung up on , so now I simply push the answer button just above the boom and then pull it out - simple eh ! I think it is great and recommend it . I use it with a treo 700w . Later . PJS
 The BH900 works great with the Nokia e90 phone . It provides clear audio quality and allows clear voice dialing . However , the standby time is not what is listed . I get 48 hours of standby and about 8 hours of talk.The boom is the best feature . Even in 40 mph winds , people have reported hearing me clearly and with little to no wind noise .
 My only previous experience with Bluetooth headsets was a Motorola HS801.The Nokia BH-900 -LRB- used with a Nokia phone -RRB- boasts of noise cancellation feature which I found very adequate . People always complained that my HS801 was noisy , while they do not notice when I have the BH-900 on . I like the buttons . I have read reviews that complain of the buttons being small , but I found them okay . I prefer to have smaller buttons if that is the compromise to giving me a dedicated on/off button.The volume button is very easy to employ . Also the fact that you can extend the boom to activate a call is a great feature!Overall I 'm very glad I purchased it . It met my expectations . I would definitely recommend it to any Nokia phone owner .
 After reading many , many reviews in looking for a Bluetooth headset , I decided to give this one a go . And I am so happy with my decision . Learning to put it on definitely takes some trying , and I still have moments where I ca n't seem to do it gracefully . But the one-hand success rate has been about 98 % now that I 've had it a few weeks , so I 'm suitably pleased . Once it 's on , this headset works great . I can hear people no problem ; I do n't even have to keep it at max volume all the time . Plus , the fact that this one does n't actually go in the ear makes it all the more comfortable for me to wear continuously -LRB- I do n't like that feeling of having one ear blocked , especially when listening to music in the car or , you know , singing along -RRB- . Furthermore , people have said they have no problems hearing me , probably thanks to the boom mike option . All in all , I 'm very happy with my selection .
 THIS HEADSET ROCKS !!! It 's not too heavy , it 's pretty easy to get on , it works well . I saw many people having problems with answering a call with the boom , but I have n't . -LRB- I have a Nokia 6126 -RRB- . People say they noticed I was on a headset , but they did n't say that until I asked what they thought of the sound quality and told them I was on it . The controls are easy . Connecting it was a cinch.If you want a good Bluetooth headset , this one is well worth the $ $ $ !
 This is the second blutooth earpiece I have ever owned . It never feels like its about to fall off my ear and it does n't hurt to wear for several hours.The sound from and to it is very clear and no one on the other end has ever heard any echo or feed back . I use it with an LG Chocolate cellphone . I would buy it again or as a gift for others . The price is right for a great value .
 before I wrote a review on this company and it was wrong for that I AM SORRY the item got tied up in us customs for longer then it should it showed up today and I am happy with the item this company tracked the movements of it after it got lost and did not have to do such . . I will buy from them again
 Works Great . i use them all the time . i also use the BH-904 but everyone was out of stockl when i tried to order them .
 Excellent headset . I 've been using it for a few years now , and keep buying it as there 's no better replacement . Every now and then I 've been trying other options but this one wins them all .
 I have used several other bluetooth devices in the past and I have to say that this one is the best so far . I can hear the person on the other end clearly and they can hear me just as clearly also . It is easy to use and easy to set up . I gave it four out of five stars because of it 's size . I wish that it was a little smaller . Some kind of carrying case would of been a plus also . Overall it is a great product . If you are looking for a product that will stick into your ear , this is not the product for you , it sits on top of the ear not inside .
 Some reviewers had issues with turning it on/off by the extension . I simply used the cell phone itself to accept/end calls , and over time , I came to really love this headset . My only problem is that I keep losing it . I finally got a second headset -LRB- Jabra BT250v -RRB- for back-up , and I really now appreciate my Nokia - the Jabra is unforgivably bad -LRB- see my review there -RRB- . I will be buying yet a third headset , this one another Nokia BH900
 Very good headset.Exelent sound , cancels the noise.I talk too much :-RRB- so I have to recharge it for one hour at the end of the day
 Fast service and product as described . Good quality , nice to deal with ! Would definitely use again
 The sound quality is excellent and the people I talk to say they hear me as well as if i spoke directly into my Razor V3 . Occasionally when i press the answer button on the headset it will connect but i hear no sound and the phone will display the bluetooth is weak message even though it is a foot away from the headset . My Motorola headset did this as well but not as often . This is very annoying .
 An excellent bluetooth headset . Excellent audio , range , and battery life . Wearing the headset takes practice but after about 2 days I can now easily get it on my ears . Do read the manual to figure out how .
 This product is and effective one in terms of its usage and the different functions , with different buttons for different functions included . Has been a very handy thing . One problemm i have been facing with this device i that it witches of automatically ans some time even is very very defficult to search , i.e. it odes not connect to the phone even it hows that the device has been detected by the mobile handset . Ha some software problems with my device , but do not know about the other customers using this.Overall rating of 3.5 for this product
 Sold my Jabra JX10 for this . No one complains about me sounding like I 'm in a tin can now.Ear attachment is stable and comfortable ; works well on either ear and is workable with eyeglasses . Volume is a little light thanks to the earpiece not being in your ear , but having adjusted my Motorola RAZR V3i bluetooth headset volume to the max , it 's liveable.Buttons are easy to use . No case , but design is sturdy enough I would n't worry with it in my pocket . -- REVISION - ONLY MERITS 3 STARS -- A clear negative , though , that other users have reported is that the headset can shut off on an incoming call before you even answer it . I 've done extensive testing and here 's what happens
 My evaluation after 5 months is changed to 3 stars -LRB- see end -RRB- . Over the last two years I 've tried about 10 other headsets , including DSP ones like Plantronics 655 and Aliph Jawbone -LRB- paired with a BT Motorola e815 -RRB- . The common problems they all shared were :1 . loss of signal or lots of static -LRB- I wear right ear , left hip -RRB- . This static was both inbound and outbound . The Nokia uses bluetooth 2.0 . I 'm not sure if that 's the difference -LRB- all other headsets were 1.2 or 1.1 -RRB- , but I have a great , static free signal that does n't drop . The signal is crystal clear . After spending time with a bunch of other headsets , am truly impressed .2 . voice quality/volume would vary , with echo and ambient noise problematic . The Nokia sounds very natural and easy to understand . While the design is off ear , the proximity of the speaker to the ear canal and volume of the unit are very easy to hear . I have this on the lowest setting , which works fine . It gives me flexibility to increase the volume in a noisy environment . More importantly , the extended boom mic allows my voice to be picked up easily , even in noisy environments . The mic end actually has 3 ports -LRB- straight ahead , top and bottom -RRB- , so picks up your voice even if you are off-axis . The DSP and echo cancellation really work . As long as you do not have unrealistic expectations , you will be pleased -LRB- i.e. - DSP will attenuate steady noises and tones , but not loud voices close to you -LRB- you will be picked up , but voices can be heard at a lower volume -RRB- , but works fine where voices are farther away -LRB- i.e. - restaurant noise -RRB- -RRB- . Road and car noise is now a thing of the past , even with the window open.The control buttons on this unit are well spaced and easy to use , even while wearing gloves . The volume control is about the nicest I 've seen - a toggle that goes left/right -LRB- up/down -RRB- . The straight press down mutes the headset , and I 've not had any problems confusing these functions . There is a button in the middle that turns the unit on/off , and easily confirmed by the red off light or tone . The button closest to the mic is a answer/end and redial control . The call will also be answered when the mic is retracted if you pull it all the way out , and ends when you retract it all the way . Very intuitive , works flawlessly . There is no delay when using the voice dialing feature.The ear hook itself takes some getting used to . The manual could be better at describing how to put the piece on . Basically , you hold the hook about 12 o'clock and slip the top portion over your ear and the back part under your earlobe -LRB- in the beginning , it 's easy to bend your ear back , but if you do , it 's not aligned correctly -RRB- . When the hook slips in , gently rotate the headset -LRB- without pushing it snugly in first -RRB- to about 10 o'clock . I find the rotation snugs the hook onto my ear . If your ear is large , you will experience tightness and discomfort . That was my problem . I solved it by leaving a pen in overnight to stretch the width of the hook , and had to file down the insight edge of the hook -LRB- which was quite sharply angled and hit my ear in 2 places -RRB- . Since the hard edge was filed , it feels very comfortable , and I am able now to wear it for hours without discomfort . The headset feels very secure no matter how I turn , and operating the controls does not hurt the ear . I wear glasses and have no problems fitting this on.The recharging cord plugs right into the unit , so there is no need for a cradle . I wish it came with a USB cable for use at work . I have n't been able to find one , but this is a minor complaint . The talk and standby time is superior to all others I 've had . The unit is lightweight and build quality is very high . I thought I 'd never have a headset that sounded good and worked well , or that I 'd have to test out the new , yet unreleased ones for something that met my requirements . I may still try out the new bone conduction units coming out soon as these theoretically will virtually eliminate ambient and wind noise . But this Nokia is the best unit out today , and has made a believer out of me.Revision
 I 've tried out several bluetooth headsets , and the Nokia BH-900 wins for my needs , hands down!Positives
 This is my third bluetooth headset and I would give it rave reviews for most things . The microphone picks up very well and my friends tell me I sound clearer . Although some users have expressed that the volume is not loud enough , I say the contrary . The volume is loud enough for me and in fact I often turn it down to the minimum . I suspect that some of the users may not be wearing the headset correctly.The earpiece does take getting used to . I would suggest going to the manual to see how they suggest you put on the headset . It is slightly unusual and even when you get the hang of it , I do n't find it as easy and quick to put on as other headsets . But , this is not much of a problem for me because I do n't wear my headset all the time and only use it when I call people on Skype.Sound input and output quality is excellent.This is a Bluetooth 2.0 device which is backwards compatible with 1.1 and 1.2 specification phones and computers . I have a Bluetooth 2.0 computer and it connects with the headset in an instant . It works very well with a MacBook Pro which is what I have.Another plus about the device is there is no charging cradle . The power adapter plug connects directly to the headset.My previous headset was a Motorola HS-805 and that did take longer to connect with the computer which was a problem because sometimes people would miss the first few things I say.About the only thing I 'd say is a slight negative to this headset is the way you hook it to your ear . But for the quality of the connection , sound , and stability , this can be overlooked .
 This is my 11th different bluetooth headset that I 've tried over the past year and it 's been been the best , by far , of the ones I 've tried . Is it the best it could be ... not by a long shot but it works and that goes a long way.I use it for business calls and have yet to be called on it . That within it self makes it a winner but the Gennum nxZen almost works that good . The difference is I can hear this one with relative ease as opposed to the nxZen . If you boost the microphone -LRB- on the nxZen -RRB- gain it decreases the in audio which is a issue . I prefer the `` in-the-ear '' type headset because I 'm always using it in loud places like airports etc. . The built in boom slides forward and provides excellent out audio for the receiver . I still , struggle at times , hearing the caller . The talk time , so far , is very good . I can wear it for several hours but at some point my ear does start hurting.I use this with my Treo 700w . It drops the pairing on a semi-regular basis . It was easy to pair to my original phone but I 've not been able to pair it with any other thing.Overall , if you been waiting then wait no more . It 's worth price .
 Sounds very good on other end.Took a long time for earpiece to soften or maybe my ear confored to it.Buggy . Have to reset once in a while . 1st call sometimes dumps.Good noise control on transmit . Steady noise is eliminated but music and voices still cause interference . I use in 18 wheller . One of very few Bluetooth that can be used there . Very few . Thats why I put up with bugyness .
 I bought this to do speech to text on my pc . It works great for that , good range , noise cancelling , decent audio , though I think it is hard to put on . Then my Motorola HS820 died , and have been using it with my -LRB- Motorola -RRB- phone . Lousy battery life - it never seems to have a low power mode - requiring charging after 2 days when not in use , drops the link to the phone , connects at odd times after it drops , and it seems also to turn off randomly.I suspect it would work better with a Nokia phone , but does n't with my V710 . Conversely , it works great for dictation , hence the 4 star rating .
 A lil on the expensive side but its worth it.A little tricky to put on but its very secure once its on your ear . I wear glasses and the fact that it stays on very well is a plus for me . It doese n't flop around my hear like the HS850.THe sound on this is very good . I have a 6133 and I maxed volume to use the HS850 , but with this headset I only needed to put the volume about half way . A few people said I sound far away but I sound very clear.A bit tricky with the controls . You cant close boom while talking or else you 'll hang up . thats the only minor nuisance of the device.Would merit 5 stars but only 4 for tricky controls and outgoing voice.UPDATE
 Simply the best sounding -LRB- both ways -RRB- and most comfortable BlueTooth system I 've used . Excellent charge life . Boom mic sounds better than phone ! Sound is great , even at highway speed with road noise . The ear speaker is actually loud enough to hear with easy volume control . It does n't flop around on my ear ... and ... so comfortable I forget I 'm wearing it . The only negative is the `` hoaky '' Nokia ring tone on incoming calls . : - -RRB- Buy it .
 It 's been a few years now since I had this bluetooth headset , but out of the MANY that I 've used , this was by far my favorite . I could listen to streaming music with it from my phone and it stayed on my ear really well . This is the only headset I 've had where people could actually hear me all the time . The sliding boom mic made a big difference.The downfall of this model , as other reviewers have also written , is that the rubber tips that hold the headset on your ear break off with time . I used superglue and prolonged the life of mine for a while , but it was annoying .
 Lives up to most of the reviews already out there
 This Bluetooth fits me perfectly - it is so comfortable I often forget I 'm wearing it . The sound quality is good on both sides and it pairs easily with different phones . This device has a very long talk time .
 Lost my original BH-900 last year . Decided to give other brands a try even though I was very satisfied with the Nokia . Even ordered the `` state of the art '' Zivio -LRB- $ 129.00 -RRB- and promptly returned it for horrible performance -LRB- perhaps due to a designer metal body -RRB- and a 10 foot range . Reordered the BH-900 and could n't be happier . Excellent range . Easily 25 feet with clarity . Mic is extremely sensitive and does pick up some background noise . I have yet to exhaust the battery with heavy use . My cell phone battery expires long before the BH-900 . Fits on the ear easily , comfortably and securely .
 I bought my first NIkia 900 in Santa Fe in 2006 . When it died I tried Jawbones 1 & 2 , and several others , NONE of them are as comfortable , easy to wear on either ear andas easy to work as the 900 . Its the best !!!
 The sound is very clear but it is a little difficult putting on my ear .
 I have had several headsets , and this one has lastest longer than any of them . It holds a charge for a long time , whereas the other ones would die sooner.Good sound quality , comfortable fit . Although the microphone extends as a boom , I never use it extended . The quality and comfort are just fine without it extended .
 I bought this bluetooth after being unhappy with the one I had . I would definitely purchase it again . I only have one small complaint with it . I wish it fit tighter to my ear . Other than that , it is great . The sound quality is excellent , and I have no problem with background noises . Absolutely worth the money !
 Best headset I have ever used . Even in a fairly noisy car , the noise cancellation makes it crystal clear . Battery out-lasts my phone .
 Overall this headset is leaps and bounds better than the $ 35 one that I bought when I got my new cell phone . The earpiece is comfortable and easy to use . Sound quality is good . I like the action button inline on the cord that allows me to answer , hang up and use call waiting without ever touching the controls on my cell phone . I also like the mute feature.If I could change one thing about this headset it would be the mic boom . I have a plantronics headset at work where the mic boom comes all the way to the front of my mouth . I never have a problem being heard . However , with this boom I generally have to speak up louder that I would if I were holding the phone up to my ear . The boom still only comes to the lower part of my cheek . I have a low voice and am difficult to understand some times . I need something that comes to the front of my mouth to gather as much of my intonations as possible . Still , I 'm happy enough with this one to stop looking for a replacement . And I would definitely recommend it . For the price , it ca n't be beat .
 I use this for work on a regular cordless phone . It works great , although I was n't aware that the turn off feature would not be able to be used on the cordless . The mute button is a simple toggle switch , so that works no matter what phone.On my cell , all these features work beautifully . It is mostly comfortable , but my ear did take some time to get used to it . It may not sit like an earbud , but it still does go into the ear canal and could hurt after some time if you are sensitive to this .
 If you have been looking for a headset that works when your top is down then this is the headset for you.I purchased this headset in June 2007 , and I was driving 75 mph with the top down . First call to my friend and he could n't even tell that I had the top down . Some road noise but no wind noise . We had a ` normal ' conversation.I have purchased the Plantronics and Jawbone - both with noise-cancelling chips . They just did n't do the job .
 Confusing product title aside , get this headset , not the plain MX510 , if you have a phone with a 2.5 m jack that supports a headset button.Works well , good sound quality , seems to be durable . May not feel comfortable for everyone , but it works for me .
 I use a blackberry as my phone and hate holding the brick up to my ear to talk . I have tried numerous headsets and this is by far the best ! I 'm also very picky about electronics and read may reviews before purchasing an item , so if you 're like me , keep reading.I 've tried bluetooth headsets and found they all produced too much static and anyone I spoke to said I sounded distant . I 've tried other wired headsets and they either fell off my ear or made it sound like I was on speaker phone . This is the ONLY headset I have found that 1 -RRB- stays on my ear very comfortably and 2 -RRB- sounds great both to me and the person I am speaking to . In fact , no one I have spoken to while wearing this headset has been able to identify that I was wearing a headset.The only reason I gave this headset 4 stars instead of 5 is that I find it to be a little quiet . It may just be my phone 's output , yet I do wish the speaker was a little louder sometimes .
 after rejecting countless headsets over the last 10 years I am happy to report that this one has the best audio quality , have given up on bluetooth
 Excellent sound , comfort and flexible configuration to boot ! Works on home cordless phones or mobile phones ! Bluetooth maybe wireless but they still ca n't match the sound quality of an excellent wired headset like this one.If you want to hear and be heard loud and clear with minimal ambient noise , get this headset . Plantronics scored big with this design . I 'm gon na get the xbox 360 version of this fine , durable headset .
 Great product , good quality on both ends of the line . Easy to use and very ergonomic . Quality is competetive with more expensive models . Nice on/off button and volume control . Comes with extra mic just in case you drop it in your morning coffee ?
 I own a couple of Plantronics headsets and non of them let me down . I was a bit worried about this one but it did not let me down . I am using it with a Moto Q9c . I had this headset for almost 2 weeks.Since I am in the phone for long hours sometimes , I needed a headset that wo n't drain the battery -LRB- ie bluetooth -RRB- . I also needed something that would be comfortable . I also wanted to enjoy the extended battery on my phone without having to worry about recharging the headset.Pros : - Excellent voice quality both speaker and mic . - Excellent noise cancellation -LRB- People can not tell I am outdoors in the middle of traffic noise -RRB- . - Very light and comfortable to put on for long hours . - Very easy to use mute button . - Handy volume control - Call button works great but I do n't use it often . - Built with good quality.Cons : - Needs some getting used to putting it on . -LRB- Not intuitive -RRB- - Mic extension could come off and be lost . -LRB- Spare is included -RRB- Other : - Plug comes off easily from phone with any slight pull . This could be good or bad depending on how you see it . I think it is good since it protects the wire from damage . I also think it has to do with the phone plug space so it is not really a problem .
 I 've been through a lot of wired headsets and this is probably the best one yet . speech and hearing sound GREAT , goes on UNDER the ear so it does n't interfere with glasses . I can probably do without a volume control - the phone has one . Be careful not to lose the adjustable mouthpiece . It comes off .
 I feel like I 've tried them all and this one works the best . It sounds very clear and people do n't sound like they are in a tunnel . I love the volume control and do n't feel like I ca n't hear people when they are talking . I 'm not a Blue Tooth fan because I feel like there is always a delay so this solves that problem for me .
 I own two of these headsets and they are great . I had bought several different ones for my panasonic phone at the office and the main problem was that all of the others were really bad when trying to hear the other person and the mic was not good enough either.This one attaches to the ear very nicely and the sound is great . I would wish a bit more volume on the earphone , but its ok in almost all situations.The mic works really good too .
 I have tride many ear buds , and this is the best one I have ever had . It blocks so much more wind and background noise than any other product I have ever used in the past . I liked it so much , that I am buying a second one for my girfriend .
 I bought this for my daughter . Most other headsets do not fit her ear very well and are hard to hear . This one fits well and both the mic reponse and audio is very good .
 I used this headset for work , and also for my cell phone while driving . It 's nice , the person on the other end of the line can hear the conversation well , compared to other headsets I currently use . it has a mute feature that is nice for conference calls . I 'd recommend this headset for work especially .
 This is a very light , very comfortable headset . The volume quality and clarity - both hearing and the other end hearing me - is very good.I use this for my BlackBerry Bold with a female jack adapter . I have a Jawbone bluetooth headset too but when I am on conference calls 9 - 17 hours a day , BT kills the battery . This is just to represent that I am a very heavy user.The placement of the boom mic , the mute button - all perfect.I killed mine today which reminded me to post feedback . 4 month 's use . . the earpiece wiring appears to have pulled apart from the cord . WELL USED . WELL WORTH IT . I 'll buy another one today if I can find it at a brick and mortar store as I need one this weekend . If not , I 'll buy a junk one for now and get another one of these via Amazon . Actually I 'll buy 2 .
 I have two of these Plantronics MX model headsets and they are both great . The sound is clear on both ends , plenty of volume and they are comfortable enough to wear for hours .
 I often commute in my bike and this the ONLY headset I 've ever found that you can ride a bike and talk ! It 's amazing . I was once flying down a hill at 35 + and at the bottom I asked the caller if she hear any of the wind noise and she heard nothing but my voice the whole time.Also , if your phone supports it -LRB- I have an LG Voyager from Verizon -RRB- the MX510 has a little button on the audio control that allows you to answer -LRB- click once -RRB- and redial the last call -LRB- click twice -RRB- . So if you get cut off while riding or driving , you do n't have to reach for the phone to redial a dropped call or to answer one .
 I ordered two of the MX510-X1 headsets . One for the house and one for the car as our state now requires hands free use of cell phones . It is comfortable to use -LRB- may use several hours at a time -RRB- , comfortable in the ear and certainly relives the stress of using a portable phone . Will plan on reorder in the future .
 I have had it with Bluetooth ! I spend more time fiddling with the Bluetooth headsets -LRB- any manufacturers -RRB- than is reasonable , plus when they are signalling in and out it is very distracting and othen the calls are not clear . I am in outside sales so I rely on my cell phone . I searched high and low for a decent wired headset and this one fits the bill . I purchased it originally from a local office supply store , but it dod not have the call answer/end button and was $ 39.99 . I did however like the fit and fucntion . I returned that one and purchased 2 of these from Amazon for basically the price of one at the store and it has the call answer/end button I want . Great design - I wear glasses so the under the ear is great . I also wear earrings that often dangle and they do n't get in the way of this design . Best I have ever seen and I know Plantronics makes good products . Volume control also a plus!So if you are like me and have had enough of Bluetooth and are looking to `` regress '' to a wired headset give this one a look-see , I think you 'll agree with me !
 First time I used it I told the person I was driving 65MPH in my Diesel Mercedes -LRB- noisy -RRB- and they said it sounded like I was on a land line in a quiet home ! A few days later I was walking the dog and it was a bit windy . I asked the other person if they could hear the wind noise and they could not ! Additionally the fit is very comfortable . Would highly recommend .
 This headset simply does everything I expected it to do . The controls work as they should and the sound is clear with plenty of volume . Could n't be happier .
 Works great . Reception is loud and clear . Works on land line and cell phone . Very comfy . Will never fall off . Nice mute and volume control .
 I just recently bought a Nokia N73 handset and I have been having problems using my Motorola H700 and Sony Ericsson HBH-610 BT headset . I 've been getting constant BT disconnects and I just got tired of it . Decided that I should go for the same brand of BT headset , considered getting the Nokia BH-900 headset but I think it 's too big for my taste . Then I found the Nokia BH-800 BT headset , it justs work really well with the voice recognition of my Nokia N73 , the voice quality sounds really clear , too ! This color also matches/compliments my Nokia N73 ! I love this headset .
 I like this wireless headset . It 's small ; easy to use ; compatible with my Motorola Q and can be worn on the provided chain when not in use or at my discretion . My voice comes across clearly and I can hear clearly . It is so small that you do n't even notice it at first . I use the ear hook since I 'm in motion most of the time and feel more secure with it but it is n't necessary . My friends who have the Nokia do n't use the ear hook at all . I really researched the wireless headsets and this was my ultimate choice-I 'd recommend it .
 First off , I have a Nokia 6230 phone.Just received this phone case in the mail today . And this is by far , the most sturdiest , durable , and perfectly fit phone case I 've ever purchased . I must admit to buying cheaply imitated phone cases before , but none of which could stand a test to this case . All of the cut-outs -LRB- i.e. ear piece , charger/port , and even a camera lense cut-out are all perfect . And the case makes it easy for you to still control the volume through a side cut-out which is covered by plastic.Another thing I really like about this case is that it is not to big , so it does n't leave room for your phone to slide around in . I also love the way they included a button back piece on the phone , this is really helpful so that you wo n't have to take out the phone each time you want to take a quick snapshot.If you 're searching for a case for your phone , be it a Nokia or other manufacturer , look to Krusell 's for a case for your phone .
 Excellent fit in this world of dime-a-dozen one-size-fits-all . Made just for this phone , it is the best I have come across . The buttons on my phone almost work better than without the case . Like a snug glove , it is slightly difficult to put on the phone , but it would n't work so well if it was n't so form fitting . Since cell phones are n't going away any time soon , and inevitably I will have to own a new phone in the future , Krussell is on my favorites now . Hope they stick around .
 If fits to the phone perfectly and the finishing of the case is high quality .
 I have a Nokia 6230i and I had ordered the multiAdapt case . The case is GREAT , fits the phone perfectly and looks great . The MultiAdapt feature is a BIG plus . BUT the plastic attachment on the back of the main case where the multiadapt is attached started developing cracks and bit of it broke off in 2 months . I guess I was the only unlucky one so far .
 Excelente estuche !!!! . Elegante , delgado y lo mejor de todo , protege el lente de la c?mara.Elegant and thiny . You don?t need to be worried about the camera lense .
 I absolutely love this case . It is easy to clip on and take out for use . I can take photos with ease , adjust the volume and make calls without hindrance . Not to mention , my friends think this case looks fantastic . Love this case .
 I really love this case because it protects my phone and more importantly it protects my camera lens , but also provides easy access to my camera.I also love the swivel belt clip , very easy to remove and I can spin my phone around and around on it : - -RRB- My only complaint would be that it fits too much like a glove at first and it makes it hard to push the appropriate buttons , but it loosens up after a couple of weeks .
 This case fits very snugly around my phone , and has all the appropriate openings for the features . The phone is very easy to take out of the belt clip , with the push of a button . The only downside would be that the snaps over the camera lens are a little hard to operate , but I do n't use my phone 's camera . I would purchase this case again , if I needed one .
 I have used this headset for a year and have been very happy with it . The sound quality is very good and the people I call can never tell that I am using a headset . The volume - earpiece and microphone - is quite loud . This makes the headset useable in the car and noisy public places . It supports Bluetooth 2.0 and has good battery life.Probably the most important feature of a headset is the way it fits your ear . Nokia has developed a soft plastic clip for this headset that can adjusted to fit either ear . Once you adjust the clip , the earpiece will sit directly over your ear canal and yield excellent voice quality and volume . This fits adult-size ears best . For children or women with smaller ears , I recommend the smaller BH-200 -LRB- I bought it for my wife -RRB- .
 I got this phone after being on my second Motorola V400 and it being even worse than the first in every way -LRB- buggy software , poor build quality -RRB- . When I went in to claim the insurance on the V400 , which was lost , I asked if it was my only option for replacement , and I was told this was the other option . The only thing I needed to hear was that the other choice was a Samsung though . Before my V400 I had Samsung phones , and the reason why is because they are quality products that can be depended on -LRB- when I moved to Cingular I got the V400 for a little bit of nothing , which is why I took the chance with it -RRB- . The P107 is no exception . It is a solidly built phone with reliable software and a decent feature set . It also gets better reception than the V400 did -LRB- or , at least , it holds calls better -RRB- . To me , the camera does not matter , the MMS does not matter -LRB- the high resolution screen and the speakerphone on the V400 do n't matter either -RRB- , what matters is that this is a phone that will work when you need it to , and will stop working when you want it too -LRB- I ca n't tell you how many times I had to pull the battery on the V400 to end a call -RRB- .
 Amazon.com says this phone has PICTURE caller ID , but it is not correct . I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing . How hard is it to program the phone to connect a name with a picture?Pros : - Crystal clear sound-WAP browser-camera-solid build.-Battery Life-Lots of bells and whistles that make the phone * CUTE * Cons : - No PICTURE CALLER ID !!! - Some of the features are limiting.-When you set a picture to be your background for the phone , there are two white stripes , one on top and one on bottom . It is impossible to remove them.-Needs more ringtones as a standard feature.-NEEDS PICTURE CALLER ID !!!! If I am incorrect , please let me know via email
 I RECENTLY GOT THIS PHONE AS A GIFT FOR MY BIRTHDAY AND I MUST SAY I 'M IMPRESSED . I HAVE GONE THROUGH MANY PHONES BEING UNSATISFIED . THE PHONE IS GREAT , LOADED WITH HELPFUL FEATURES . I HAVE N'T COME ACROSS ANY MAJOR DEFECTS YET . HOWEVER , THE PHONE DOES NOT HAVE AN EXTENDABLE ANTENNA AS ADVERTISED . IT JUST HAS AN EXTERNAL ANTENNA . ALSO , AFTER HEAVY USE , THE BUTTONS BEGIN TO CREAK . HOWEVER , FOR EVERYDAY USE , I RECCOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANY CUSTOMER WHO IS LOOKING FOR A GOOD ONE .
 This phone is a replacement for my nokia brand which I have had three . The Samsumg phone is great looking , has exceptional outside display , good sound quality , colorful and easy to use menus and numerous options including a simple to use camera . The only downside to this phone is the short battery life . Otherwise I love this phone and would recommend it to everyone and anyone . Cingular has terrific service towers and I never drop a call .
 It is a user friendly phone.The camera function is awesome with zoom in and out -LRB- pretty high tech -RRB- . The display screen has very bright colours and resolution of the screen is v good.The only thing which needs change is the addition of more ringtones.and creating own ringtones like in some sony erricson phones.If these features are added the this will be the best phone till date .
 I had this phone from July '04 to March ' 06 . About a year ago , I had some problems with the software freezing , but after a couple replacements , they were n't an issue . This phone was extremely easy to use , it was comfortable to hold , and it was just the right size . Mine was stolen last month , or I would still have it . It makes me sad that they 've discontinued it without offering anything comparable .
 Even when all of the pre-loaded features are ... OK , there are some details that Samsung never forgots , but it did on this cellphone :1 - Cheap plastic cover.2-Lack of advanced features.3-Menus are n't completely user-friendly .4 - Old WAP 1.2 navigator.5-Unable to download Java apps.6-Not customizable menus and presentations.If you do n't mind of this little errors of Samsung , this cellphone is right for you .
 Some cons : The battery life could be longer.The ringtones it comes with are really bizarre and will induce hysterical laughter.For its size , it really comes through . It has an above average camera feature and good quality reception -LRB- Although that could just be Cingular -RRB- .
 I love this cell phone . I have n't had any trouble with it and I 've taken lots of photos . The photos are good quality too .
 This is a very cute phone , its easy to carry around . The camara on this phone rotates and if u want it lets u set up the camara and it gives you 10 seconds to get your pic . BUT the pic on this phone i have to admit isnt all that great ... if your looking for a GREAT cam dont get this phone . but if your like me & just have it to get a pic of a cute dress u wan na show your friends then u should get it .
 I 've had this phone for almost 8 months now . This phone has been pretty good to me . I love the bright little flashing service light . It 's bright and cute and you can change it to any color you want . The screen is very bright too , enough to use as an emergency flashlight so you wo n't stub your toe in the dark.Since I 've had this phone I have n't really had a problem with reception , I 've always managed to get good reception with this phone . I even got service where I never used to get service with my previous phones.You can have groups and customize ringtones for each group but not for each particular contact . I also wish it had a feature to place a photo when a caller is calling you considering it 's a camera phone but I have yet to figure out this feature , or if one even exists.I 've dropped my phone once , on concret might I add and it 's held up alright . It has a few minor scratches on the face but other than that it 's fine . I love this phone , but I 'm getting sick of it . It gets old fast.It only has two games and they 're both games that have to do with an airplane which you would think is the same exact game but with minor adjustments.If you want a phone with a lot to do , this is n't for you.But if you want a simply phone that 's compact and great for calls , it 's all yours .
 Phone Brand
 I bought this charger a few weeks ago and so far I 've been pleased with it . I 'm using it to recharge AA and AAA batteries for use in a variety of household devices , as well as my cell phone . It does need direct sun to charge , but I 've been successful using it indoors through a window if its pointed directly at the sun .
 I use this for my samsung galaxy and it is great ! On top of being pretty nice looking it has excellent connection . I was very happy with how comfortable it was since a lot of headsets fit too snugly on my ears . Awesome quality .
 It 's , by far , the best case that I 've ever owned . The adaptable clips are icing on the cake .
 The cable works as advertized . My only concern is it does n't attach completely without close attention . Once attached it performes flawlessly .
 Probably the best phone of 2005 in terms of features and specifications.The camera is in a different league than most other phones . It takes great pictures day or night and offers autofocus . Video quality is exceptional.Sound quality is great . It plays mp3 and AAC formats for music and ringtones . The mono loudspeaker is very clear while the earspeaker in the top of the phone is adequate . There is an offline mode for music playing during flights and such.The screen uses a brilliant 352x416 display . Compared to most other phones , its like high definition . Easily visible in daylight and the detail is incredible.The S60 OS offers many ways to add productivity and fun via 3rd party applications . The address book and calendar can sync with both MACs and PCs . Nokia offers a free PC Suite download to help manage the phone . Memory expansion is available with MMCmobile cards up to 1 gig in size.The build quality is good . Despite my own clumsiness , it has held together real well after 6 months use . The keypad has nice big buttons.But there are a lot of reasons why this phone is not for you : First is the price . All this technology , mainly the camera and the display , drive up the cost of the phone to appeal to the enthusiast only.Second , its very big and heavy . Its a real brick of a phone.Third , it lacks vibration . Most people could not do without this.Fourth , the battery life is mediocre . Due to the small battery it uses , it will last 18 hours with heavy use . I find myself keeping a 2nd battery just in case.Fifth , the phone has many moving parts . It transforms into many different modes and some people may be put off by that . Others , like me , enjoy it.This phone would make a great gift for the gadget happy person in your life , but not for the person who just needs a phone . Mine was locked and did n't come with a bluetooth headset , so that 's a nice bonus from Amazon .
 I bought the Nokia N90 elsewhere as part of an upgrade to an existing plan with T-Mobile . This is a gorgeous phone.Pros : * 1600x1200 camera takes high resolution pictures - better than needed for the web * VHS quality video * Syncs to Outlook -LRB- but not Outlook syncing to Exchange ! -RRB- * lots of other great software * comes with chargers , converter so you can use an old style Nokia charger , and a hands free kit.Cons : * the pictures are not of particularly good quality . They tend to get a bit of a haze over them . * The video is at 15 frames per second , not the normal 30 frames a second . * Big big phone , bigger than your phone at home likely.Overall I think this is a great phone which does everything it says it will . I can surf the net , take pictures and video , and it is very quick to turn on the video or photography functions . The size makes it a little clunky but it is also kind of refreshing after using micro cell phones.And if you 're a parent it is a great way to always have a camera or video camera at your side to capture what your kids are doing.Revision
 1 -RRB- Extreme clarity Screen2 -RRB- Very easy to use menu3 -RRB- Awesome Signal Reception4 -RRB- Good Battery Life5 -RRB- Very nice camera , good for parties and events , where bulky digicam would not make sense6 -RRB- Great looks , aesthetically pleasing7 -RRB- Outer screen is very high quality8 -RRB- Swivel main display is a great feature for videos9 -RRB- Good Camera in Low Light10 -RRB- NO VIBRATOR11 -RRB- BATTERY LIFE COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER12 -RRB- NO SUPPORT for US 850MHz roaming13 -RRB- NSUITE difficult to setup on PC14 -RRB- THE USER INTERFACE IS SLOW and non-responsive at times
 All the functionality is to be expected.The button and keyboard layout is exceptionally insightful !! I 'm extremely happy with this phone.I 've spent all day taking pics -LRB- with red-eye reduction flash ! -RRB- and it has minimal effect on battery life . But when I tried to shoot video -LRB- 7 mins to be exact -RRB- , the battery went down too fast and I had to stop ... mainly this was because the flash seems to come on automatically.The form factor seems to be a tad too long , making me a bit self-conscious while make a call in public ... cutting 1 cm off the top and another 1 cm at the bottom would have got 5 stars from me .
 I loved that this case looked like a classic manila envelope . My iPhone in a slim case just fits into the pouch for extra protection when I toss it in my bag . The faux leather is sturdy and the stitching is good . It will last for a long time . I get comments on it every time I pull it out .
 Great on several fronts : - Comfortable on your ear - Lightweight - Great sound quality - Great battery lifeThe only reason I took one star off is the headset produces a slight cracking sound if it is not in direct line of sight of the phone , but I think most headsets do this .
 This is by far the best bluetooth device I have ever purchased . Good , clear sound , reliable connection , no static . This is also the least expensive device I 've ever gotten . It easily outperforms models that cost 31/2 times the price . I recommend this device to every one !
 Works very well with my LG 8100 , and now my LG enV!People on the phone say you can sometimes hear a little wind in the background , but I can always hear them perfectly.Battery life is great!Cute & stylish!Vibrate feature is neat too !
 This is my second bluetooth headset . My first was a Logitech Bluetooth Headset . I used that on my SE T610 phone for a year . It performed great but was very uncomfortable to wear for any extended period of time . This Tekkeon ezTalker mini is much more comfortable and a pleasure to wear . After a few hours of wear , it may feel a little uncomfortable but it will not hurt like the Logitech Bluetooth Headset . I do n't use the earhook . If you just take the earpiece out of your ear and put it back in 3 seconds later , it will feel extremely comfortable again , which leads me to believe that the comfort of the earpiece ultimately depends on how you position it in your ear . The sound is usually quite clear . But that ultimately depends on the coverage of the cell phone carrier in the particular area where you are talking . Many people want to blame the headset for muffled sound when it is really the fault of the carrier . I 'm in NYC and use T-Mobile where coverage is very good so I reap the benefits of using this bluetooth headset . As for Voice dialing , I had to replace some of the voice tags on my T610 before the EzTalker would recognize the voice tags . Keeping the voice tag names simple seems to improve performance . Moreover , I like using the last number redial feature by holding either volume button for 3 seconds in standby mode . I do n't find the volume buttons to be too small . The volume buttons are very easy to reach while on a call.The pairing process was simple . Just make sure you pair it in handsfree mode so you can take advantage of the voice dialing features .
 I just got this thing and it is great . Sound quality is excellent - same or better than wired headset . It also works great with the voice dialing feature , so you do n't need to reach for your phone each time you dial a common # . I read a review that said the buttons are too small . I do n't find this to be the case at all and I have big hands . Strongly recommended!If you have a Nokia 6230 -LRB- as I do -RRB- or another phone that requires an annoying , unreliable proprietary headset connector , you should really get one of these and avoid wired hookups that rattle loose in your pocket . Keep in mind that having bluetooth activated will impact battery life by as much as 50 % , so charge your phone often & disable BT when not using .
 I had originally bought the motorola hs 850 because of the boom mic but it became uncomfortable after an hour on my ear . I then bought the Tekkeon after reading the glowing reviews and I see why everyone loves it . It 's light , it 's simple , it does what it says it 'll do and nothing more . Plus , it was half the price of the motorola ! Why pay for a brand name when a product from little known Tekkeon will do the job ?
 Very easy to pair this set with my motorola razor . All features worked well with the razor . Very good fit with no problems and No flapping . Superb audio feedback to let me know what mode the headset is in . Very light with no fatigue . Good placement of buttons , very easy to use while on my ear , good ergonomics . Very pleased , but no auto answer mode , sigh!Pros : Good fit , very light , easy to use , Xlnt audio feedback detailing the mode of the phoneCons : No auto answer feature , case a little squeaky
 I have the razo3 , it was very easy to set up . After requesting automatic connection , I still have to manually pickup a call . Once connected it is very clear as if the person is standing next to you . Easy to mute call or switch calls . I really love this bluetooth . Also ear piece can be switch without taking it apart . You just got to love it .
 After trying major Motorola Bluetooth headset I was not very happy with functionlity -LRB- Moto HS801 is junk -RRB- . Sound quality is pretty good and range as well . I can wear it without any problem and feel like it is not there . You can do voice dialing , receive call -LRB- stops music if you have that feature in your cell phone -RRB- and much more . . I am using it with my Sony Ericsson S710a without any problem and it is universal so works with any bluetooth phone ... BUY IT -LRB- good deal on eBay -RRB-
 I researched many Bluetooth headsets , including the Tekkeon , for several months prior to my purchase . The Tekkeon replaced my older Jabra FreeSpeak that I had used for the previous 18 months . The battery life of the Jabra was suspect and it always failed at the worst times . The Tekkeon is more comfortable and lighter , and the battery life has exceeded my expectations . It had no problem pairing with my Blackberry 7100t from T-mobile and has great range . The charger conveniently plugs directly into the headset . I do n't use the over the ear clip and while it looks like the headset would n't stay in , it does very well . All the buttons are convenient and easy to use . This is an excellent headset . For other reviews , you can check out
 I personally love this headset . Most of the time when I use it , the caller on the other end wants to know what I changed , only because I sound better on it than I do talking directly into the phone itself . Only complaints is it seems sensitive to wind , but I think most are that way . It was easy to setup and it is easy to use . I think it is the most comfortable set out there and I rarely need the hook unless I 'm moving around a lot . I especially love the size . I do n't feel like I just walked off the set of Star Trek when I use it ! Great product !
 As a prone to accidents person , I knew that I 'd need something more than a slide-in type case for my Nokia N800 Internet Tablet , so I bought the FelxiSkin to protect my new toy . Not only do I have ease of use , the FlexiSkin while on my N800 fits into the case Nokia provides with the unit - another plus ! I am totally satisfied with the product , as it fits my N800 perfectly and being soft and rubbery it protects my N800 from bumps and drops . I am very satisfied with my purchase and highly recommend this product for anyone who owns an N800 .
 Fits the N800 perfectly , yet flexible enough to remove easily to swap internal SD card , etc. . Like other reviewer said , you can still use the home-made-looking sock-case that comes with the N800 , though it is a bit tighter fit . But , that 's good - the bare N800 will easily slide out of the `` sock '' , but is a snug , slightly tacky , fit with the FlexiSkin on.Another plus for me
 I 've had The Sanyo SCP-3100 in `` Always Pink '' a little over a month.I was n't looking for all the `` bells & Whistles '' that most cellphones seem to be featuring , I also did n't want to spend money for features i 'm probably will never use . This is my second sanyo -LRB- my last one lasted 8yrs . -RRB- so i knew i wanted another sanyo.It has a Camera , -LRB- VGA -RRB- ~ Text , Readylink , -LRB- which i havent used . I may upgrade to it later . -RRB- Great speaker Phone , easy to use . signal could be better , but hey , I got the phone through sprint 's upgrade program , I paid $ 49.99 . I gave it 4 stars mainly because they advertise the phone with having a built-in flash , but , it does n't . It does however take good pics in the Nite/Dark Picture Mode . I highly recommend Sanyo , Sprint PCS phones.I forgot to mention the phone has good font sizes . I tried other flip phones , which were too small to read for my astigmatism
 I have 3 sanyo 3100 phones with sprint . I have silver for me , brown for my son and pink for my daughter . The phones are sold , easy to use and have decent reception . The phones hold up well for the teenagers constant use . We love the phones so far . Service from Sprint is not so good , but the plan and phone are great for families .
 I have only had my Sanyo 3100 for a couple of weeks , but I just love it . It is a good phone and is easy to use.I have the pink phone . I did n't care about all the extras , but when I tried them out , I was hooked . My experience with Sprint has been very good . I have been with them for 6 years , and am very satisfied . I hightly reccommed this phone and Sprint Service .
 I have the pink sanyo 3100 and I absolutely love it !!!! I receive great signals , sound quality , and plus it 's so cute . I love Sprints monthly plans . It 's perfect for me because my husband and his family have Nextel phones , and with Sprint , I have unlimited mobile to mobile with Nextel for $ 5 a month . I refuse to pay for Nextel 's monthly rates like them . The picture quality is n't the greatest , but I do n't really use it for that . As far as T-Mobile being a great company like the first girl said , it is NOT a great company . Eveyone I talk to says that T-Mobile is aweful . I used to have T-mobile and they never had towers to give me reception when I traveled !!!!!! So , if you 're looking for a cute phone with great sound quality and good reception , with a great company , this is it !!!!!
 When a TSA agent harried through a bag inspection , then left me to gather my own belongings at LAX as she got off of her shift , I discovered at home that I no longer had my AC adapter or HotSync cable in my bag . Instead of assuming that Palm would have the best replacement solution , I bought this kit . Now , I do n't even bother plugging into a wall socket to charge my phone unless I 'm travelling ; the USB cable by itself does a great job of charging my Treo without needing to take up another space on my power strip . And though I do n't drive , it 's nice to have the auto adapter handy for road trips .
 This 3-in-1 USB travel kit is the perfect accessory . It has and does it all . I recommend it for any traveler .
 I was so pleasantly surprised with this product . It works great !
 All parts work great and it 's easy to transport .
 the adapter is perfect for traveling ... handles three jobs in one . . highly recommend for anyone who travels with notebook and Palm .
 When I bought this charger I was just looking for a cigarette lighter version , but the 3-in-1 proved a lifesaver when driving across the country ... I could use it in the car , or charge directly through my laptop , or plug it in at the hotel without having to carry my other charger ... HUGELY helpful !
 I was very skeptical when I ordered this , so I also ordered an OEM car charger as well . WASTE!This charges directly off the USB port OR via AC OR via cigarette lighter . I do n't say this lightly when I say I will buy any power adaptors possible in this configuration in the future !
 I 've had this kit for just short of 2 months with constant use , and I 'm very pleased with it . It 's very convenient to be able to charge my Treo from my work computer 's USB port -LRB- I wish the cable that came with the Treo could charge from USB ... -RRB- and to be able to easily grab the cable when I need to take it home rather than crawling under the desk to unplug an AC adapter . I guess those who 've given a negative review ended up with defective ones , but mine has none of the problems they 've described . It plugs into the Treo securely and reliably , even after 2 months of very frequent attaching and detaching . I was pleased enough with it to order a second one to keep in my laptop case for when I actually travel -LRB- since my current `` travel '' kit has become my general charging/syncing kit for work -RRB- .
 I 'm really happy with this , especially since it 's one cable with swapable plugs . The connector to my Treo 650 base fits better than the original .
 Buy this and PDANet from June Fabrics to connect your laptop to your Treo if you have Sprint service . Bluetooth does not always work well , but this cable is great . The all in one package is really inexpensive vs buying all of these accessories separately .
 This is the only additional power source you will need for the Treo 650 . It does it all , 100v AC , 12 v DC , and USB all in a tidy package .
 The 3-in-1 travel kit is great for going on the road and lightening your load . Although it does n't charge as quickly as the traditional power cords , it gives you great options for charging from a wall outlet , car/plane outlet , and also your USB port . It works great !
 This is a great travel kit for the Treo . Considering the price and what you get with 3 adapters , this is perfect . However , there are 2 problems with it . The first is that the car adapter is too long and straight . So it wo n't fit in my car because it is right under the driving console . Typically you see car adapters with an angle to deal with this type of situation , so if you drive a MINI this adapter wo n't work . Secondly , the USB cord does not have a synch button on it , which would make it more convenient . Overall , I am glad to be using one cable to charge and synch .
 pieces connect perfectly , well-built , and such an amazing price !! thank god for the chinese ; - -RRB-
 This is a great deal on a solidly built charger that can be plugged into a wall , into a computer or into a car 's power socket . I know one other reviewer said that it was poorly built , but that is not at all my experience . The interchangeable pieces lock perfectly into one another , and the main cord plugs into my Treo 650 as securely as does the cord from the charger that came with my Treo .
 This charger kit works good , especially due to that fact that it uses USB to charge . The only downside in my experience is that the plug that goes to the Treo -LRB- looks like a data cable -RRB- is very sensitive . If you move it it will `` disconnect '' and stop charging . Other than that everything works A OK . The USB chargers are also good for other MP3 products like an iPod .
 Recharge my Treo from the wall , from my computer or in my car , all at one price . This unit has worked well in all situations , and allows the flexibility needed when traveling like I do . Very highly recommended .
 The product will let you charges you treo650 using the USB port of your laptop , Car Charger or Normal Power plug . When you travel you can charge your treo650 and HotSync with the same cable . Great Product .
 It works like a champ !!! No problems at All . It is nice to have a second data cable with you .
 I am satisfied with the kit . It works fine . I did n't expect much considering it is a cheap kit , but for that I am very satisfied . It will likely outlast the technology of the treo and I will probably replace the treo in 2 years anyway .
 I immediately rolled my eyes the first time I pulled the cables out of my first Treo 600 box . What a worthless setup ! And then I saw the equivalent for this kit for the 600 , and was saved ! I threw away the functionally worthless gear that came with the Treo and never looked back!When I upgraded to the 650 , I bought this kit . What a dream ! Immediately the guys at work were envious that I could charge and sync on the same USB cable -LRB- what a thought ! -RRB- , and I take the cable everywhere . With so many accessories now charging on the USB 5 volt DC , I use the car adapter and a USB hub -LRB- trade show freebie -RRB- to charge multiple devices at the same time -LRB- Treo , GPS , wireless headset , etc. -RRB- . But this kit was there first , and I 'm glad to see them lead the way.I 'm not sure about the people who are breaking the connectors , but I travel A LOT and the cable goes everywhere with me in my laptop bag , and at work I plug and unplug the Treo from this guy daily to keep it topped off and synced , and I 've never had any trouble . -LRB- In other words , I 'm pretty hard on it . I 've gone through multiple headsets and Treos , but still on my first 3-in1 kit . -RRB- All I can figure is that they are not inserting the plug correctly , as I have had no issues with hundreds of instances of use . And even if it broke , it 's only $ 10 ! What a deal for the perfect accessory . After the Treo itself , this is the subsequent necessary must have , before even a headset or an SD card !
 If you own a Treo 650 there are three accessories considered to be essential -- a data sync cable , a wall charger and a vehicle charger -- all of which are included in this simple and inexpensive package.While the first two are included when you purchase the phone , you will have to spend extra for the vehicle charger anyway . So for less than that will cost you in most cases , you can get another sync cable and wall charger to carry around in your laptop case.However , the biggest advantage other than the low cost of this neatly packaged solution is the portability feature of being able to use the same USB sync cable to plug into the electrical outlet and cigarette lighter attachments . One cord is always better than three when you 're on the go and need to travel light.One thing that absolutely drives me crazy about the Treo 650 is the challenge of connecting the charger/synch cable to the phone . It must be noted this is a design issue with the phone itself , not the cable . As long as you 're gentle and do n't try to force it in , you 'll be OK . -LRB- Hey palmOne ... are you listening ? -RRB- Nothing fancy here , just a versatile , low-cost solution aimed at keeping your trusty Treo 650 powered and synced up whether you 're in the car , in the office , or out of town in unfamiliar surroundings . Nice .
 I recently purchased this item in large part due to the reviews that were written for it . But I was still a bit skeptical ... am I glad I did get it . The charger works great and I am so glad that I have saved myself so much money with this . Really satisfied with the quality . Definitely encourage you to purchase this ... you wo n't regret it .
 And the price is so much nicer than buying everything separately and paying over $ 100 .
 This charger works great for me . The connection to the Treo is solid -LRB- better than with the cable that came with the Treo -RRB- , and being able to charge from home , car and laptop is a huge plus . I highly recommend this product .
 I was really happy with this charger.very versitile , you can use it in many wayscharge phone * from Computer -LRB- USB -RRB- * from Car * from OutletAlso i found that you can use the adaptersto charge you Ipod Shuffle in you car or home -LRB- they are basically usb chargers -RRB- The only down side is that you can not sync becuasethere is no button on cable to activite the process.other the other benefits outway that though .
 Excellent USB based kit for the Treo 650 . Allowed charging via AC and in the car and also allowed connection to your PC for synchronization . One of the best accessories I 've ever bought .
 I have had 6 other kits similar to this , and this is the best pick so far . I use it with my wife 's 650 & my 680 . It has become indispensable to us while traveling.The retractable models always break , and I have not had a Charge/sync cable with a sync button yet ... so that was a pleasant surprise . Especially , since the picture does not show one.I use it with Missing Sync , USB Modem & Card Reader for Mac OS X. I also use it with Palm Desktop , PDA Net , and Card Export II for XP . All work flawlessly with this cable . I use it on both a Macbook while I am mobile , and a Desktop at home . A lot of plugging & unplugging . As well as getting tossed around in the car & a laptop bag.This is a first rate product , and far superior to anything I have tried in my last 6 attempts at a Charge/Sync Cable . No problems at all after a few months of hard use . You can buy this one with confidence regardless of OS/software for Treo .
 My old phone went for a swim in the toilet , and I could n't afford a new one . My Boss had a Palm Treo he was n't using on my network . but it did n't have any cables.this set works great for me , and for a fraction of the cost I would have paid for a charger , and data cable from Palm or Verizon.overall a good product .
 The directions on how to connect the box are simple and straightforward , and using it is easy . Within a couple of minutes I was able to connect it to the headphone outlet of an old boombox and copy a cassette to my hard drive , reduce the hiss and `` rumble '' from the recording and then record it to a cd . I tested it immediately after recording and it played fine on my pc , but the big test was if it would play on my car 's cd player , which tends to be kind of finicky , and sometimes refuses to recognize cds that have been copied . It passed the test and played fine . The sound is as good as `` commercial '' cd 's . And , if you did n't happen to like the order of the tracks as they originally appeared on the cassette or record , you can move them around , the same as if you were using any other music software on your computer.I would strongly recommend this to everyone . However , I do have 2 pieces of advice once it 's connected and you begin using it - 1 -RRB- If you ca n't hear your cassette playing through the speakers of your pc , you might have a conflict with your existing music software , and have to temporarily remove it . 2 -RRB- Go through all of your volume settings , and make sure your microphone is not muted , since that 's what 's used for input .
 ADS is marketing this devise -LRB- Instant Music -RRB- as an inexpensive way to convert analog audio source -LRB- LPs , cassettes -RRB- to digital format -LRB- MP3 , WAV , WMA , AAC -RRB- . But what surprises me is this device also includes some high-end features , such as digital I/O interface -LRB- SPDIF or Toslink -RRB- . SPDIF is a standard for transmitting high-quality digital audio withought going through analog conversion process . I have a quite few collections of field recordings on DAT tapes -LRB- recorded with the portable Sony DAT TCD-D8 -RRB- . I 've tried to use Instant Music to transfer music from DAT to my iMac G4 using GarageBand -LRB- part of Apple 's iLife suite -RRB- . I followed the instructions -LRB- can be downloaded from ADS website -RRB- and successefully transmitted my music to the Mac and burned onto a CD using iTunes . For more advanced users , M-Audio 's Transit may be a better choice as it can capture 24-bit/96kHz -LRB- as opposed to 16-bit/48kHz for Instant Music -RRB- . Transit also allows AC-3 and DTS pass-through . But for me , Instant Music just suits my needs . The package includes USB cable , RCA cable , and a CD with Nero software for the PC -LRB- Nero Mix , Nero SoundTrax , and Nero Wave Editor2 -RRB- . Did I mention it also works with Mac -LRB- OS 10 . X -RRB- ? A bargain for anyone who wants to convert/transmit analog/digital music to the PC/Mac . Highly recommended .
 This product provides an interface between a stereo system -LRB- e.g. , taking the output signal from the RCA connector of a tape deck , phonograph , receiver , etc. -RRB- and a computer -LRB- via the USB port -RRB- so that the audio signal from the stereo system can be converted into a wave file . The package comes with software to then convert the audio into MP3 and other formats and has editing software -LRB- for noise reduction and various effects -RRB- . It was very easy to use and install and I have already created a bunch of files for my MP3 player from old LPs . There is very little in the way of documentation so it helps if you have some familiarity with -LRB- and patience at experimenting with -RRB- the software .
 Nothing warns you that if you have a stand alone turn table that you will ALSO need a pre-amp . I tried my old receivers but they did n't have the needed RCA plugs , so I had to spend another $ 40 to buy a pre-amp .
 After a lot of trial and error I got the system to work.The instructions assumed the user knew more than he did .
 I had a problem getting started . It took several attempts to get it working . I did n't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me . I had to just try different things . I did get it running and dumped two 1800 Ft reels of reel to reel tape into the program . I had to break it down into about seven files to be sure the files would fit on a CD . The big problem that I see is not being able to break it down into individual songs . I have to play the CD all at once from beginning to end . It does a fine job at taking the music from the tape to a digital format and the CD sounds as good or better than the tape .
 If your original LP 's and Tapes are in good condition , this system works great . If you have to edit i.e. , reduce the clicks and hiss , the software will do it but is very cumbersome to use . I still am unable to determine how to save the edited copy with the same file extension as the original .
 The product arrived on time , actually earlier than I thought it would . It was in perfect condition , as described . I would order from them again
 I am impressed with how well this device works , I have transferred many cassettes to my pc and the sound quality is just as good if not better than my cassette player after I have burned them to CD . It is very simple to use and I 'm definately a satisfied customer .
 I found the software and equipment easy to use . I like it .
 Honestly , i have really not put the item to a true test yet but for what time i have spent with it -LRB- and on it -RRB- , i am substantially impressed .
 I have hundreds of cassettes I wanted to transfer to CD and/or ipod . I looked at a lot of expensive alternatives , ranging from $ 200 - $ 400 , but this does everything I need for less than $ 50 . Plus , it is tiny , fitting into my hand , so there is no storage problem . It was a breeze to set up , taking less than 10 minutes . All the necessary cables are included and the software worked perfectly.My only criticism is that the instructions could be a little more detailed . At first I was n't clear what I was supposed to do with all the various cables , but I figured out that they gave me a variety of cable types for use with different types of cassette players . The instructions also made it seem like I would have to attach the cable to my stereo cassette player , but then I realized that I could use a small , portable cassette player and plug one of the cables into the microphone jack . This was much easier than bringing my stereo into my office from the living room . The instructions did n't explain that a microphone jack could be used . But , as I said , it was n't all that hard to figure out -LRB- even for a non-technically inclined person like me -RRB- . I use Windows XP , so I ca n't speak to the problems that people who use Vista and Macs say that they have . But the instructions on the one I got say that it is intended for use with Vista , and that there is a separate product for use with Macs . Perhaps the other users got an earlier model . All I can say is that my experience has been outstanding .
 Had no problem with set-up . Had to make sure directions were followed exactly , though . Good deal for the money .
 I enjoy using this CD Recorder . The one improvement I would suggest is a better volume control on the box itself otherwise it 's fine .
 I do n't use it very much but when I do , it does what is promised . I use it to put my old mixed tapes on cd 's . I like it .
 I ordered the RDX-150 to capture cassett music onto new media.The product came quickly but was not the newer model that was photoed in the add . All in all I am pleased.Dr . Carl
 I considered several products before purchasing this item , which was the lowest priced option . I am not disappointed with my decision . It was easy to hook up , has easy-to-use software included , and the end product is excellent . I 'm well on my way to getting all of our extensive vinyl collection in a more current mode . I also plan to transfer a large number of cassette tapes to CDs .
 I like the ADS Tech Instant Music unit . It does what they say fairly seamlessly . You do need a preamp to boost phono signal and attenuate signal that 's too hot from audiotape . Once the input levels are set , things are pretty straightforward.The Nero software seemed very interested in sending me to opportunities to purchase a $ 70 upgrade , but otherwise was not very helpful . There is no tech help line unless you want to pay a per incidence fee , otherwise you have to e-mail them and wait until you 're old to get any help . I eventually uninstalled Nero and downloaded Audacity -LRB- for free -RRB- , which works great .
 We have hundreds of cassettes in our house that we are not able to listen to , because our cars do n't have cassette players anymore . The tapes are getting old , and we want to make sure we can save the music before they get ruined.This device is really easy to use . If you follow the instructions a couple of times , you 'll know how to do it by the third time . The sound quality is also excellent.You can split the cassette music into tracks , and you have the choice to save them as any type of music file . The software is a little deceptive , because it will claim you only have a certain number of minutes left to record , but you actually have many more than it claims.The only problem is that it takes time to convert all those cassettes . You have to make sure to stop recording , flip the tape , and begin recording again , so you ca n't just set it up and go about your daily business . Also , I constantly need to use my computer , so it 's hard to find a time where I can just set the computer up and wait for it to record the music.If you have the time , though , this is the product to buy !
 I purchased this item today on a discount . Before going for it , I had been reading its reviews and on seeing a good number of negative reviews , I was quite doubtful about it . However , I thought about giving it a try since the price was quite low . I 'm glad I did . This is a very useful tool to have , especially for music lovers . The idea of this product is very novel and the product itself is even better . It converts music from LPs , cassettes etc to digital form which you can either save in your computer or burn on a CD . And it is not just limited to LPs or cassettes . Basically , the output from any device that has a headphone jack , can be recorded and saved in digital form . . which means it is possible to save streaming audio from a computer as mp3 or wma files : PContrary to what many of the reviewers say , getting started with it was n't difficult at all . The product comes with a CD that installs Nero softwares -LRB- Nero SoundTrax , Nero Wave Editor and Nero Cover Designer -RRB- . These softwares are needed to use the product and must be installed first . The thin manual provided was good enough for me to start recording songs . The Nero SoundTrax and Wave Editor softwares are simply great . The Wave Editor software in particular is very powerful and lets you do a lot of cool editing stuff on the recorded music . The softwares do , however , have some glitches -LRB- for example , the Wave Editor stopped responding once when I was splitting a wma file into different tracks -RRB- , but they are not very serious and can be worked around . The quality of sound recorded is excellent . In fact , I could n't distinguish between the original and recorded versions on hearing , only that the recorded version sounded louder than the original , which is actually a good thing . The recorded files can be saved in a variety of formats including mp3 , wma , mp4 and wav . However , there is a small catch here . You can only save in mp3 format for the first 30 uses -LRB- or first 30 days . . I do n't remember exactly -RRB- . After that you 'll need to purchase an add-on software from Nero to save the files in mp3 format . Not a big problem for me yet . I 'm saving my files wma format , and one can always convert from wma to mp3 if needed . Also , I wish the help section of the softwares were more extensive . In any case , they do explain most of the features . The user interface of the softwares is also quite good and intuitive , so it 's not difficult to use at all.This product is just the thing that I had been looking for . Buy it today . You 'll be surprised .
 This product works very well , however the software that ships with it is not Vista compatible . It requires a $ 39.99 software upgrade . Luckly for me my old Laptop was still running XP , so I was able to use .
 It was surprisingly easy to use . I plugged one cable from this unit to my PC via the USB port and another cable from this unit to the headphone port on my CD player and used Nero SoundTrax to transfer the music from cassettes to my computer . All the necessary cables were included with the Instant Music unit and my PC recognized it right away . It has worked flawlessly and I have transferred about 70 cassettes so far .
 It took me a while to decide to buy the ADS Instant Music since some of the reviews were n't the best . Finally , since the price was so low I gave in and gave it a try.I 've been converting some older cassettes to my computer and then on to CD 's eventually and also have synced some into my MP3 player and I 've done about 40 so far without a hitch . The sound quality is not bad and there are several ways you can monkey with the setting in Nero to get just what you want.I would however just add a few things ... I already had a full copy of Nero so that was n't a worry for me , and though not too hard to set up and put into action , I think you 'd need some experience with your computer and certain file types to breeze through the set up . Someone new to computers might have a tougher time figuring out how to say . . change the wave file into a WMA to sync it to a MP3 player . I also have n't tried using the ADS for converting LP 's , so ca n't offer any advice there.All in all , it 's a great product for my needs!Sandy2
 I purchased the ADS Tech Instant Music converter in order to cconvert my extensive collection of cassettes and lp 's to digital files . I have many personal recordings that will never be sold online and I can also make digital recordings of any tape recording -- such as class lectures and jam sessions with musician friends . The converter works incredibly well and the Nero software did not mystify me . I succeeded in getting unbelievably clean digital copies of my music that I can burn to CD 's or play on an mp3 player . The only downer is that this product 's Nero software is just a demo for the sake of starting out . However , the latest upgrade of the Nero software is available online and I consider it a bargain at just $ 68 . Although the converter has jacks , the user may have to purchase an additional jack , but these connectors are available at most electronics vendors . I also advise users to use the product legally for personal purposes and not violate copy protection laws .
 I found the RDX-150 to be all it should be . I did n't have the problems I had read in other reviews , and suspect why , I did n't . There are so many people that leave all the programs on their computer running from start up . I do not . I have several programs on my computer that compete with each other . By not allowing them to start until I want to use them , I avoid any conflict.The ` secret ' is very simple . click the start button , go up to run , click it , type in `` msconfig '' hit enter , put the check in ` selective start-up ' , on the tabs at the top click on ` startup ' take the checks OUT of anything you do n't need for your computer to start , push apply , then close , and restart your computer . The program -LRB- s -RRB- is / are still on your computer , but it wo n't start till YOU open it.I recommend the ADS-RDX -150 for any one who wants to save older music / conversation , or what ever , to CD.Mine was mainly from old -LRB- 1958-1962 -RRB- reel to reel tapes and also records my brother had made . A piece of family history is now available on CD , and shared with many family member . Music , and conversation . Keep in mind the CD or copy will only be as good as the original you started your project from.I feel the price was modest , the shipping was very timely , and the product worked as claimed . I 'm a satisfied customer . Good job to all !! hh
 I read many reviews on this product before I bought it . Most were favorable about the RDX-150 A/D converter , but many were frustrated with the included software . I was somewhat prepared when I first tried the unit.The software promoted it 's ability to convert LPs and Cassettes to CDs . And this worked okay . However , I did n't want a CD , I wanted to load on my iPod.Based on other reviews , I downloaded the free Audacity Digital Audio Editor . This works great ! I can download any analog input from my stereo , save to . wav file and then let iTunes convert to ACC.My recommendation
 Just what I needed to make a great xmas gift for my family . Found an old cassette tape of an interview with my grandfather that has since departed and I needed a way to put it onto a cd .
 I HAD ABOUT 500 CASSETTES I WANTED TO PUT ON MY I POD I HAVE TRANSFERED ABOUT 230 OF THEM SO FAR THIS THING WORKS GREAT SOFTWARE IS EASY TO USE TAKES NOISE OUT OF CASSETTES DEFENTLY WORTH THE MONEY , I MAY NEVER USE IT AGAIN WHEN I AM FINISHED BUT STILL WORTH IT
 I bought Instant Music to convert my old 1980 's tape cassettes to digital format for my IPOD . I 'm not a computer expert but was pleasantly surprised to find that all the cables were included , the software was relatively easy to use , and the sound quality was good . I found that using the Nero Soundtrax in combination with Audacity -LRB- free software -RRB- yielded the best results . I liked the Nero wizard -LRB- tape to CD -RRB- as a front end to get my project started . After the saving the resulting WAV file , I opened it using Audacity . Audacity lets you use a software Add-In called `` Lame '' that allows you convert the WAV files to MP3 format on your hard drive . This saves a step as you do n't need to burn a CD and then reimport back into Itunes . There are detailed directions in the Wikipedia Audacity reference file to add tracks -LRB- Project / Add Labels -RRB- and exporting to MP3 -LRB- File / Export Multiple Files -RRB- . I definitely got my money 's worth from the $ 40 purchase .
 I 'm happy with the unit . The NERO software saves/creates WAV files from the sounds you are copying . From the WAV files , I 've found it easier to burn audio CD 's using Windows Media Player than by using the NERO software . -LRB- The audio CD 's is what I want for my ` final product ' -RRB- . Expect some frustration -LRB- s -RRB- ... then reward -LRB- s -RRB- !
 I am completely happy with my ADS Tech Instant Music . I was surprised by its small size . It does exactly what I need , which is to digitize audio tapes from church in order to burn them on CD . I 've done several week 's worth of services . It is extremely simple to use with Garage Band . Just plug it in , launch GB , set the input to the ADS device -LRB- usually already done -RRB- and start recording . Its ease of use can be summarized by saying `` there are no buttons or switches on the Instant Music to fiddle with ! ''
 Works well . I do n't drop my phone as much as my 12 year old - but this case has saved my phone any damage at all the few times I have . Perfect Color . Does n't slide out of my pocket , nor is it hard to get out . I will buy the same brand / style again . 4 stars instead of 5 only because it does n't really go all the way back together when you remove it for new screen protector installs . It STAYS closed - but does n't want to click all the way back together like it did when brand new . It has n't fallen off though unless I dropped it .
 This cable was a fantastic deal , especially since none of the Sprint retailers in my area carried it . It does not come with software , which both the phone manual -LRB- I have an SPH-M610 -RRB- and Sprint claim that you need . Despite this , I was able to use it very easily without installing any software both of my Apple machines , one of which is at leat 5 years old .
 I had an old Samsung phone that I had used when I had Verizon Wireless . After I had terminated the service , I wanted to remove the many pictures I 'd had on the phone - some of which were very precious . Verizon was not able to help me . I saw that the phone had a usb connection , so I looked up the model number here on amazon . I found this usb cord for a very low price , and it came with the driver disk I needed . I managed to upload all the pictures from the phone within an hour . I can still use the phone now if I want to take pictures with it , thanks to this cord .
 I purchased this product to transfer ringtones to my daughters Samsung Alias -LRB- first edition , Model # U740 -RRB- . The product took a little less than a week to arrive . It included the cable and a mini CD with the drivers needed for my computer to recognize the phone . -LRB- I currently use XP . -RRB- Using BitPim 1.0.7 , I easily created ringtones out of MP3s and transferred them to her phone . I recommend installing the Samsung drivers first -LRB- off the mini CD -RRB- , rebooting the computer , then connecting the phone . After that I started BitPim and it worked like a charm !
 Purchased for my samsung alias . The software works for using an alternative software package -LRB- the drivers work with XP -RRB- but the cable does not support my phone being connected to the computer & even after a software update from samsung , the phone can not be detected using the samsung software . Great if you just needed the driver , but the cable does not work inn Samsung 's own software for the Samsung Alias .
 My order was shipped the same day as ordered . Ca n't ask for better than that ! Will buy from again for sure !!!
 It was a gift to my husband . He is pleased with the cover and clip .
 This is a very good phone . I was skeptical at first because this is Toshiba 's first non PDA phone for Sprint . I was deciding between this and the Sanyo 4500 and it was a tough choice , until I saw the phones side by side in the store.The Toshiba 's screen is MUCH larger and MUCH sharper . The screen is computer screen quality.PROS - Large screen - Fantasic resolution - Very easy to navigate - TONS of settings for customization - Good quality pictures and photos -LRB- in optimal lighting and close distance -RRB- - Very easy to send pictures to other phones or email addresses - Easy to upload and maintain pictures and video - Very clear calls - Locks nice and tight when you flip open the phone - Solid construction - 50 $ cheaper than Sanyo 4500CONS - Extremely average battery life - Ca n't be answered while closed -LRB- I believe sanyo 4500 can -RRB- - Only 2x zoom for pictures -LRB- sanyo 4500 can do 4x -RRB- - End button very hard to see in dark lighting - Not Ready Link compatible -LRB- but who cares ?? -RRB- - Battery and battery cover are separate pieces -LRB- most cell phones make it a single piece -RRB- - Buttons on side of phone are a little smallI would definitely reccommend this phone . It currently has the highest resolution of any cell phone out there -LRB- or at least for Sprint -RRB- . Content is very easy to manage with this phone , and taking and sending pictures are a breeze -LRB- make sure to populate your address book before sending pictures or email , things will be MUCH easier -RRB- . The reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is because the battery life is only average and there is no bluetooth or infrared port . Other than that I could n't be happier .
 I go through phones about 1 per year . And I usually get the latest and greatest . Yes , I 'm a guy , and yes I like flashy gadgets : - -RRB- The screen is absolutely phenomenal . I was sold after I saw it . Super bright and displays pictures perfectly.The camera is good , for a camera phone . I was disappointed with the zoom , or lack there of -LRB- only 2x -RRB- . And you have to set the zoom after you reduce the resolution of the pictures . Which you have to do in the menu and ca n't do while you 're framing your shot.The video camera is neat . Not a great frame rate at all , but hey , it 's a phone . It 's a cool toy.I 've read some of the other reviews that say the battery life is average . I 've found it to be quite good . I use my phone about 30 minutes a day , either calling , taking pictures or being on the web , and my charge lasts several days.The signal and call quality is as good as my other phones . I live in LA , so the Sprint coverage is pretty good.The one knock I have is the battery and battery cover . They are two seperate pieces and if the cover comes off , the battery just comes spilling out . I was at a concert and tried to remove the phone from my pocket and accidentally hit the battery cover release . Both the cover and battery came right off and diappeared into the darkness.Other than that , this is one terrific phone .
 I bought this phone based upon the `` glowing '' reviews -LRB- pun intended -RRB- I 'd read for it 's exceptionally large and vivid screen display , and this feature is indeed superb , with better visibility , readability and `` WOW '' factor than any comparably priced phone I 'd seen . A pleasant surprise , however , is the overall ergonomic appearance and easy , intuitive icon-driven navigation of menus and features . Phone and speakerphone sound quality is above average , battery life is acceptable and I 've not noticed the heat during calls issue raised by another reviewer ; with the screen set to dim after 30 seconds it 's not an issue.Overall , I can recommend the Toshiba VM 4050 as a winning entry by Toshiba into the cell phone market . It sports a bright , superior display , solid build quality , slick menu navigation , not to mention a decent camera with built-in flash ! Any Sprint PCS customer looking for a fun , intuitive and solid performing phone should strongly consider it .
 I bought this phone almost a year ago and I really like it . Being just a cell phone it works just great . Crisp clear sound without dropping calls , even though I have always got two bars on signal strength indicator -LRB- I live in basement so signals are weak -RRB- . Sprint is my favorite becuase it has largest coverage area as compared to any other digital/non-digital competitor.Year ago , when I went out to buy a cell phone I compared Sanyo VM 4500 and Toshiba VM 4050 just because they both had all the `` goodies '' plus the camcorder as a new thing on the cell phone -LRB- one of my friend owned Sanyo VM 4500 at that time -RRB- . But the thing that helped me making my decision to buy this phone was its display . From the very first day I bought it , I challenged people if they had anything better than mine . Honestly , I have not seen -LRB- even after one year -RRB- any display better than this one yet.This phone has many good features as compared to Sanyo VM 4500 that include voice memo recorder -LRB- this feature helps record your own ringtones too -RRB- , navigation -LRB- software -RRB- is very user-friendly , very well designed phone book , a real easy and unique calculator , well optioned scheduler , high level of customization for display , menu and phone book.Camera is OK for a cell-phone camera . Picture quality is average , but since the phone display is awesome so it makes your pictures look better as compared to other cell phone . Video recorder is a good feature to have even though quality is really below average . But , hey , Sanyo VM 4500 records the same quality videos too.Reason , why Sanyo VM 4500 is expensive than this phone is really easy to understand . Sanyo VM 4050 supports live TV -LRB- MobiTV -RRB- , animated screen savers , better camera options and louder speaker phone . Plus you can use speaker phone with lid closed on sanyo model which is not possible on toshiba VM 4050 . Beside these differences both phones are same . If you can compromise on the features given above than Toshiba is for you .
 This is an outstanding phone . Virtually everything is customizable , the camera is outstanding and lightning quick , and it is all around satisfying . The phone book is the most powerful I 've seen , the calendar is flexible , and it met my needs . Other reviews can tell you how great it is , and it is.I want to point out the problems I had with it , and why I ultimately had to return mine and get a different model , the Samsung VM-A680 , after trying all three of the Sprint video phones . Toshiba 's is definitely the most powerful . A ton of RAM , the most flexibility , all of the functions are easily reachable.But it 's big . Slightly bigger than the rest , but just enough that it seemed disproportionately awkward in my pocket.It also does n't have a side key guard -LRB- yet ? -RRB- , and every time I sat down , the camera would get activated and it would run live video of the inside of my pocket until I noticed and turned it off , wasting battery life.Twice I encountered a problem where it froze trying to enter my picture gallery , and after waiting thirty seconds for it I finally took off the battery to restart it.I also managed to mess something up such that every time the minute of the time changed , it would abort whatever it was doing -LRB- like uploading pictures , taking pictures , typing an event in the calendar -RRB- and go back to the main screen , but resetting the phone to factory defaults fixed that , whatever it was.All around , it 's great . And if the size and camera button problem do n't bother you , it has the most gorgeous screen . My calls were clear . But convenience is really what matters to me , and having the best screen does n't cover that .
 ... she would be this phone . Not only is this phone very sleek looking , it performs very well . I was also looking at the Sanyo 4500 , in fact I already had my mind made up . But you should see the Toshiba in person , it knocks the socks off the competitors visually . The display screen is similiar to notebooks with the enhanced screens . And though I 've only had this phone for a short while , it 's perfromed very well . Clear , crisp sound and the signal is much better than my previous phone -LRB- LG 5350 -RRB- . The camera option is better than I 've seen on any other phone . The phone has a 310K-pixel camera which is pretty impressive for a cel phone . You can also record up to 15 second videos and play them on the phone . While the quality of these are n't spectacular , it is very good considering it 's on a phone . Lighting is also provided for the video as well as flash for the camera . All the options to customize this phone were both plentiful and simple to obtain . Compare to my LG also , it went through downloads very fast on Sprint Vision . My only complaint is that the battery on the phone is n't great , but it 's not terrible . Though I was aware that this was Toshiba 's first stand-alone cel phone , I still took a chance with it , but I 'm glad I did .
 I bot my vm4050 -LRB- $ 330 !! -RRB- way back in FEB 2004 . About a month or two ago , I decided to donate my phone to the fish in Lake Lanier . What a generous guy I am , eh ? Meanwhile , since Sprint no longer has any VM4050s available , I had to settle for a -LRB- YUCK ! -RRB- Sanyo MM-8300 . A TOTAL piece of crap . SMALL , CRUMMY screen , teeny-tiny USELESS outside display , and NO headset flash button functionality . All the wonderful things that I had taken for granted on my VM4050 phone were now down at the bottom of the lake . : -LRB- Finally found a BRAND NEW ONE on eBay for a little under $ 200 and was only too happy to pay it ! BOY am I glad to have my ole , reliable , trusty VM4050 again ! There are so many good things about this phone , it 's unbelievable . SHAME on Sanyo for cranking out such a GARBAGE line of phones . I guess Joni Mitchell was right ... `` You do n't know what you 've got till it 's gone ! ''
 Before I bought this phone , I saw a review said it dropped voice so frequently that they had to return it . It made me hesitate . But I still decided to try . The sound effect has no problem , and the visual effect is wonderful . Speaker phone is loud enough for family use . Phone book search function is convenient . A great phone . The only thing I do n't like is no detail for voice mail -LRB- ex . when the voice mail was received -RRB- shows on phone screen , have to call voice mail to get that info . A small issue , though .
 this is a VERY nice phone that takes some great pics , has easy to use menus , and good customization . i 've uploaded DOOM midis as my ring tones which rocks big time , and many high res jpegs for screen savers . i like the layout of the 300 entry phone book and the phones size as well . the few problems that i dont like are that sometimes i 'll come acrossed a glitch in the ` OS ' that will freeze a menu for a few seconds , the battery door is too thin and cheap , and uploading and downloading on the sprint network is a little bit slow . battery life is decent but not stelar . all in all , i like this phone alot and i would buy it again .
 I 'm overall happy with this phone . It has the best screen I have seen with pictures and 15 sec video clip . Takes excellent pictures , has a flash and even a zoom setting . It has a great menu screen and easy to manipulate . The main menu includes a call history , phone book , messaging , web , downloads , pictures/video , voicemail , settings , and tools !! I like the ability to also set up your own special quick menu instead of having to go to the main one and by just by pushing the up button . The keys are soft , blue lit and big enough to use.The sound quality is excellent , however I did pick up a conversation while I was ending my call one time , making me think if the other person heard my conversation as well.Anyway , I 'm overall happy with it and also for the price . Right now , with all the instant rebates ... it is the lowest and best phone per dollar hands down !!!
 This is the best phone ever ! For my 14th birthday i FINALLY recieved a cell phone , but the best part was that i personally got to go and pick one out . After a couple hours of research i decided on the Toshiba Vm4050 compared to the Samsungs . I had been using my friends samsung for a month or two , and when i went to the Sprint store i could n't believe how much the the Toshiba vm4050 phone was . The toshiba does n't get warm after continuous minutes of talking , and the screen is awesome ! The calls are n't as scratchy , and the CAMERA is amazing !!!! The best part is the speakerfone ! I live in the Oakland Hills and there is very poor reception at my house and if there is n't a speakerfone you have to sit VERY still while your on the phone and you cant move at all . With my Toshiba i place the phone down while im cleaning my room and still be able to talk on the phone without losing reception ! Overall im dont regret buying this phone AT ALL , and i would highly reccomend it .
 Very good reception . CRYSTAL clear calls in Midwest . Was traveling in upper Michigan and Northern Wisconsin camping with my family . We had full reception and no problems at all with Toshiba and Sprint . I only wish I could have found it for a cheaper price .
 I have used cellphones from approx . 10 years . The Toshiba VM4050 is one of the best ones I 've used . I was hesitant to go from a solid one piece design to the `` flip '' style phone.I was surprised at this models durability . The camera and video features are nice . The only drawbacks are the fact that the phone does heat up quickly and the battery life is not as long as some other models
 I had a Samsung before decided to go with Toshiba vm4050 , and I 'm NOT regretting at all.Its signal strength is excellent , I think this model had problems but manufacturer has fixed all issues , so if you buy this model make sure its latest release . The phone itself has all standard features , and then some
 I 've had this phone for 3 months . This is n't my first cell phone , I 've had 5 others -LRB- 2 AT&T ; Nokia TDMA phones , an AT&T ; Nokia GSM phone , and an AT&T ; Sony Ericsson GSM -RRB- and this one is by far my favorite . When I walked into the Sprint store , desperate to get a new phone but incredibly disappointed by AT&T ; 's GSM network , I only wanted a cell phone that was durable and had good call reception , and if it could browse the web , so much the better . I chose this one solely based on its durable look , awesome display -LRB- and is there yet a better display on a cell phone ? -RRB- , and I would let the other essential factor , its call reliability , be proven over my Sprint 14 day trial period . I got all of the above with this phone . But beyond those features , I got its picture taking ability , voice recorder , huge screen for actually usable web browsing , and impressive calendar functionality.I think this phone is under-hyped , which is why I 'm spending time writing the review . Not only can it do something I could only hope to do with newer AT&T ; phones -LRB- receive and originate phone calls virtually anywhere -RRB- , it has an incredible user interface . A user interface is unfortunately one of those features that is worthless in the store when you pick up a phone to try out . But it 's really one of the most important features . I , like many other people , get impressed by animated high-color graphics , sleek design , sounds clips , and general glitter . But a good user interface is something that allows your phone to become a daily time saver and sophisticated tool . This phone 's user interface is so intuitive yet powerful that even if I knew I could not convince one more person to buy this phone , I would still continue raving about it in hopes that another top cell phone manufacturer can learn to make a better product from it . For instance , with * one * button press , it 's possible to enter camera mode -LRB- to frame a picture -RRB- , browse the web , look at the phone book , voice dial -LRB- up to like 50 people -RRB- . With two buttons I can
 I was unimpressed wit the 8200 -LRB- MOM OWNS IT -RRB- ... . Its a great phone ... THe Toshiba 4050 is a great phone Decent ringers , big screen , fast internet , and holds its own i dropped it alot of times and it survived ... if ur clumsy this phone is for u ... . Um Pitures are very clear and video are ok . . If u looking for a phone wit good videos go wit MM74oo but has low ring tones ... . Just one con I found in this phone is u cant close it and use the speaker but u would get used to it i only payed 206.37 at radioshack wit and wit free x-tra battery but i love this phone and highly reccomend it to ne one
 Good Colors , nice features , kind of short battery life .
 cool phone with a ton of cool features , outstanding screen resolution , easy to nav , nice wow factor
 Excellent condition , comes with box , all manuals , plug-in charger , car charger & lamb skin body glove
 i bought this product because my jawbone prime has very uncomfortable ear covers . i researched and heard a lot of people praise these eargels for use with the jawbone . i was really skeptical but i have to say i am very pleasantly surprised.the seller got them to me quickly , and according to other users , i started by taking the smallest plain round jawbone earcover , putting it on the earpiece , and then using the medium jabra eargel over that.so far , the earpiece has stayed on my face fine without the use of the flimsy earloop that broke within a month of receiving the unit . i was worried that this eargel would cause the noise assassin button to not reach my face correctly , but i am told that people can hear me just fine . i was also pleasantly surprised because i am hard of hearing and this settles deep enough into my ear canal to really help enable me to hear a call better . i live in hot humid florida where sweat always caused the jawbone to slide on my face and need constant readjusting , even with the earloop , but this eargel seems to really cause the jawbone to remain stationary.i am very happy with this product and am glad the vendor got it to me so quickly.i find it crazy that jawbone does not have a better design on their earpieces and causes us to go to competitor jabra , but hey , for a few more bucks i am a happy camper now .
 Smooth leather on the outside . Smooth cloth on the inside . Does n't scratch my nexus 7 . If you 've got a nexus 7 that you want to put in your purse or bag , and do n't want to worry about it getting scratched . This is a great solution .
 I am a Firefighter in Florida this case came with my phone when I first bought it . This case really is a great case . I am very rough when it comes to cell phones and holders . I broke the first one I had after 2 years of wearing it every day on and off duty . -LRB- got stepped on -RRB- This case holds my nextel I90 real snug and I dont have to worry about it falling off when I get in and out of our fire truck . It even stays put when I put my bunker gear on and while firefighting . If you want a case that will not fall off easily and dont want to spend $ 20.00 or $ 30.00 then this is for you . I bought two spare just incase they stop making these for the I90 .
 I was pleasantly surprised when the Nextel i60c beltclip arrived and it was an actual OEM Nextel/Motorola product . I made the mistake of purchasing an non-OEM holster at a shopping mall kiosk . It fell apart after week of normal wear . This item is a must for any professional using the i60c phone .
 PROS
 This is the real thing not an aftermarket , you can find an aftermarket for 3-4 dollars but they do n't really work . This is same thing you pay $ 20 for at a Nextel store .
 Yo u have to get this item it works great for a Motorola i60c , i90 , and i95cl it works great this is a i have get this for me son item . peace
 This is exactly the same as the i60 , which I own . I agree that it does n't seem to be something that you would buy seperately unless something happened to the original that came with the phone . But ... having owned many different cell phones and their carry cases , this one is the best as far as the clip goes . My i60 never fell out of the clip . The tension on the clip makes it very secure , not to say that a good whack would n't dislodge it . In the past , I always wound up just shoving my phones into a pocket to carry them . We all know how our pockets looked afterwards . I definately recommend this accessory .
 I do n't care what uptight people say -- cell phones are still a symbol of one 's status . When I take phone calls in a movie theater or restaurant , people think ... nay , they KNOW ... I 'm important.And there 's no better way to show off my membership in the Studs Club than with the Nextel Carry Holster . It clips right to my belt , offering easy access and maximum visibility . I look like a Jedi Knight , walking around with a lightsaber!True , the Nextel Holster is n't perfect ; it covers the faceplate , so I ca n't see the display without removing the phone , but that just gives me the excuse to whip it out and show the public that I need to be in constant contact.So if you 've got a cell phone , why hide it in your pocket ?! Make sure it 's on display for all the world to see !
 The product works great and the IPAQ rx1950 fits perfectly . The Blue LED is extremely bright but can be taken care of with a piece of tape . It was very well worth the purchase . Thank you
 When I first saw this device in use , I thought it looked so silly to see a tiny phone attached to a big keyboard . Looks aside , this really makes the AIM and e-mail features a pleasure to use when you 're at home , at a hotel or in another sedentary location . It is extremely easy to set up and to use . Be aware that if you are using it with the i95 , you need a slightly different telephone support , or a bit of know-how with a craft knife to modify the included support . The only drawback of this device , and it may not even apply to you , is that the heaviness of my model of phone makes it lose contact with the keyboard when jostled . Having an iBoard with a web-enabled phone is like having a computer that fits in your purse !
 This was received just as described . It was great to have everything in one package .
 It really fits the AT&T 2125 Tight ! But after a few days it is just about right . The leather gives a little and it is just snug enough to keep your phone in place . Well made .
 The AC Charger , the USB cable works great like they were made for it . The Car Charger gives phone power while not charging it at all for me . Go figure , sounds like somebody was n't paying attention to the diagram when they assembled it nothing I 'm sure I ca n't fix though . And the 4 AA battery emergency back up does not work at all PERIOD . It is a superb deal for just the two I would n't really mind trashing the other two . And all I really wanted was the USB cable still cheap -LRB- $ 9.99 and 3 bucks shipping -RRB- as other mobile USB cables went .
 The phone is reliable and a workhorse , totally keeping up with all you want to do . It 's fast and expandable , as both a voice activated phone and a MP3 player , movie player , camera , for GPS directions , etc. . Buy it and buy all the wonderful accessories for it . With Sprint 's fast and cheap data plan you can surf at high speeds and have any ringer you want !
 Got this phone for 90-yr grandmother who has forgotten how to use a regular cell phone . I have programmed numbers into it -LRB- took a while since there are n't any number keys -RRB- , and used it for several days with my own sim card just to see how it works . The ringer volume can really be cranked up . Ringer songs sound like kiddie songs -- the upside is that they sound pleasant . Overall call sound is great for this little phone . During one conversation both myself and the person I was talking with heard a slight echo , but it was only one time . I stopped using it after a few days because I was missing my own phone with its convenient bluetooth headset . -LRB- Also , I charged it the first day , and then did n't charge it for 4 days . I kept it on all the time and used it as my phone . It was down to one battery ` bar ' on the 4th day . -RRB- ** The best part about this phone is that I got an unlocked version and it works perfectly with my TMobile family plan . I was n't crazy about paying for the special/limited service offered by other companies . The Firefly phone uses GSM service , so any company that can use those phones will work . TMobile is one of those.The phone size is tiny . TINY . The up-side is that I got a lanyard for the phone and my grandmother can wear it around her neck . With her declining health and increasingly limited mobility , we were getting concerned about her ability to get to her ` land line ' phone or the pull-cords that are strategically placed in the bathroom & bedroom -LRB- what if she 's not near them when she falls/has an emergency situation -RRB- . And having to cross even the living room to make/answer a call is an ordeal . Now having this little phone around her neck will be more convenient and give us & her peace of mind.There is a silly ` light show ' button between the volume buttons . I thought it would just confuse her if she hit it . After removing the phone 's casing , the button was really easy to cut off -- problem solved . Also , the case has lots of ` free space ' that I will be decorating with little labels to help her remember what the keys are for.I was worried about the possibility of her accidentally calling 9-1-1 . You have to hold the emergency button -LRB- which does n't stick out as much as the volume keys -- it 's almost flush with the sides -RRB- , then push the ` send ' button for the 9-1-1 call to ever be completed.I was n't crazy about the ` Mom ' and ` Dad ' keys -LRB- poor planning on Firefly 's part -RRB- , and they were easy to rename in the menu , as well as having plenty of room below the keys to affix labels.My only complaint is that the screen is too small . It does light up -LRB- as do the keys -- very bright too -RRB- , but it could be larger . I got a small credit-card sized magnifying plastic card that is now also hanging from the lanyard . Hopefully she 'll use it as needed with the screen and any other uses she might have ... Now that I have programmed , disfigured , and completely covered this phone in labels , I am sending it to her this week . I will update my review after I see how she does with it.Hope this helps others who have an elderly friend/family member . There really are n't many options out there for that population . ; -RRB-
 I gave both my grade school age daughters one of these . They are easy to use for the kids ! Easy to program !!! It taught them to be aware and responsible without risking an expensive phone ! Thanks so much !!
 Just as promised ! Very durable , and is holding up well . I 've had it installed in my car for quite a while and it does n't budge . The extended neck makes it nice so I do n't need to reach as far to place my HTC HD2 in it . It slides in very nice , yet is plenty secure . I was expecting much less at the price , but was pleasantly surprised . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 I got this to hold my cell phone -LRB- Palm Pre -RRB- while displaying map info . It fastens securely to the windshield using the suction cup and adjusts well to face where it 's needed . One caveat is the vent attachment does n't work with my Mazda 6 vents , the slats are too deep/long for the clips to hook into . It seems to hold up pretty decently , even though it feels like very lightweight plastic .
 I needed a car mount that I could use for my iPhone and GPS - this works extremely well for practically any handheld electronic gadget . What I really like is that I can have my iPhone on landscape view for videos and quickly twist it upright to navigate through songs , podcasts , etc. . The quality of the the material is less than stellar , but for the price , it 's a good buy .
 It has worked fine so far but I am afraid it is going to break any day now . The suction cup is starting to give way so I mount it so that the arm is supported by the dash and wont drop my expensive phone .
 At first I was very happy with it . It was exactly was I looking for . After 21/2 weeks , the gears inside stopped working . So the right side would be as far open as possible while the left side was closed . However , that is wider than my Droid . When I took it apart to see if I could fix it , one of the gears that had been glued on was no longer working . When I wrote to the company they quickly sent me a replacement and I 've started using that . I just hope it lasts longer because I REALLY like it .
 This product does exactly what it claims ; however , build quality is suspect . The arm is an aluminum -LRB- or other soft gray metal -RRB- bar which may fatigue and break after repeated bending , especially sharp bending . I imagine most people will not being doing this , but just keep it in mind . The arm is fairly long too , so it should work for most cars.I use it with an iPod Touch 2G and the notch at the bottom does not allow me to insert the iPod all the way while having a cable plugged into the headphone jack . I need this as I use a small FM broadcaster in the car . It is annoying but I just tilt the iPod . This does not allow the bottom to sit on the edge of the mount but it has yet to fall . Also , suction cup has yet to fall of windshield and I drive on some bumpy roads , so that is a plus.The vent mount adapter worked well , I just did not want to use it .
 Installation was very simple as the device has a good sturdy vent holding system . Have not tried the window suction and do not plan to . The vent holder does not shake and rattle once my iPhone is in place -LRB- a little noise can be heard if it 's empty -RRB- . Is much more secure than the other vent holders I have used and does not allow the phone to move at all . Has an easy release button that works great and foam pads to keep the phone safe . Overall very happy with this product . For the price and quality I have not found a better deal , I 've been thru 3 other brands of vent holders . Another great Eforcity purchase !
 I searched many different sites and read many reviews before finally deciding on this product . I was a little skeptical due to the price and material , but it turned out to be a great mount . The stem was also a good length , it appears alot shorter in the picture . I have already recommended this mount to several friends . It 's sturdy , convenient , holds my palm pre and ipod touch tightly , and has really strong suction . It 's not so bad that it does n't come with directions because the parts are pretty self-explanatory .
 I got this for my ipod about two months ago and it works better than expected . Only complaint is that there are no directions . So you have to ` guess work ' it out on how to use the vent attachment but it can be done . Also rattles a little when empty but that could be easily addressed by putting a piece of card in it if no ipod or PDA . I have n't bothered . It really is a great item for the price . My iPod did n't get hot using the vent attachment with the heat on either . The section cup was pretty strong too . I would recommend buying this little widget .
 I own this car mount holder and it is great . It can act as either windshield mount or vent mount , and it holds PDA/MP3/Phone / iPOD very tight without slipping.It works great for GPS navigation with my hw6515 PDA Phone .
 I was surprised with the quality of this device for the money . I was skeptical about how good this would be for the money . I use it to hold my Blackberry 8830 while I 'm using the navigation features , and it works perfectly . Highly reccomend .
 This item holds my iPhone 3GS -LRB- with case -RRB- firmly as well as sticking to the windshield with no problems . The best phone holder I 've ever had with it 's low cost and excellent quality . I 'm completely satisfied with the quality of the product , the cost , and it 's ability to switch from windshield to vent holder . You do n't wan na miss out on this item if you 're browsing for car/phone mounts . A + +
 I have had this for about 3 weeks now , its my fourth Blackberry . It is by far their best effort . Many highlights here but among them :1 . Screen -- amazing ! 2 . Speakerphone -- better than my 7100t3 . Network speed -- you can really surf the net now ! 4 . Form factor -- a perfect blend of the 72xx series and the 7100 series , and I had both of them ! It feels like a phone more than the 72xx series but gives you a full QWERTY keyboard unlike the 7100 . I was originally enthused about the 7100 but after a few months you REALLY get sick of the predictive text typing . Yes I am a heavy user so it matters.About my only gripes would be that the keys are more `` upright '' than the 72xx series so it takes a bit more precision to get the right key sometimes . Too bad they have n't added a spell check to these!One caution -- you HAVE to get a screen protector or it will get scratched ! I had some old ones for a Palm V that I just cut to fit this screen . You can peel the factor screen protector off and use it as a template to cut a permanent one.Thanks again RIM -- now just settle the dang lawsuit with NTP and we can all be happy for good !
 I bought the 7100g from Cingular oblivious of the 8100c . Upon awareness of its existence I immediately returned the 7100g upon its arrival to my home and purchased the 8700c . I made a wise decision ; I am in bliss because I love this phone . Before making either of the purchases I was concerned that neither of the models has a camera , an SD slot or a media player . After mentally reviewing all the other phones that I 've owned including the Audiovox 5600 , the Motorola Mpx 220 and the Siemens sx66 , I realized I did n't use the camera often or the SD slots or the media players . They were nice features but not really that useful for me . I own a D70 Nikon camera that takes much better pictures.I needed a telephone that makes me aware of emails immediately , a great browser and internet function that operates quickly and excellent sound quality . The 8700c has all of this and much more . It is a beautiful phone aesthetically , the sound quality is excellent , and it is intuitive and easy to operate . The calendar does not feel mechanical ; it very much resembles what you see on paper in the daily and monthly modes . There are many options and submenus that are easily accessed at the click of the dial . There are some themes and ring tones that can be downloaded from Blackberry.com via this handheld device . The desktop is designed well , organized and easy to operate . The keypad is much easier to understand and operate than the 7100g . The key pad has many helpful buttons that one can use . There are 2 programmable buttons that you can use for whatever feature you choose to access more rapidly . There is 64 MB of memory vs. 32 MB which makes some adjustment for this model not having a SD slot . The Intel processor adds to the mechanical speed of this device , this is noteworthy . My Sony Ericsson Bluetooth hand free HBH-610 device paired with it immediately ... no problems at all in this category ; what a relief not to spend time making it work.Every feature is either a push button or a click away who can ask for more . The screen and the colors displayed are magnificent . The EDGE technology insures everything happens more efficiently and faster . I love it ... it is a great business telephone . To make the telephone even more efficient you will need to buy a spellchecker from Handango.com and perhaps a suite of Microsoft e-applications such as word , excel or PowerPoint , etc. I recommend this telephone to anyone who wants a great business telephone , its wonderful !
 This is my third blackberry , and is proving to be a very nice upgrade . A nice bright color screen , which makes reading long emails easier . A speakerphone , that allows me to do conf calls with a group . While travelling , I dont even open up my laptop , and do most of my email work with this . My wishlist -LRB- if RIM guys are listening -RRB- is to add an mp3 player , a camera , mpeg capabilities and the ability to feed the powerpoint presentations to a projector directly from the phone . I can then finally get rid of my laptop , while travelling .
 I 've been using some form of Blackberry ever since the early days of the 950/957 . This latest version is a great step up in terms of usability but really no huge functional differences from earlier models.Recently I swapped my Blackberry 7100i for the 8700C . If you spend a lot of time using your Blackberry device , then you definitely want to upgrade to the 8700C : PROS-Better screen -LRB- on par with the 7100 -RRB- - Version 4.1 O/S-Can load MP3 ringtones-Better call notification settings-Faster web browsing -LRB- though not lightning fast -RRB- CONS-The data speeds are not lightning fast-Requires a Blackberry Data Plan -LRB- lots of new buyers do n't realize that you must have a BB specific plan in addition to your regular phone plan -RRB- - Batter life is just ok-Some quirkiness in the 4.1 O/S-ExpensiveOverall the bright screen and the slightly faster web browsing make this a really nice upgrade for anyone who is a serious BB user . Currently only one carrier is offering this phone , however search around and you can find services that will allow you to enter a number to open it up to other GSM based carriers -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- and make full use of their network and your existing plan/sim card .
 I 've just replaced my BlackBerry 7290 with an 8700G and had a couple of days to play with it . One word
 I changed jobs , and the corporate standard is the Blackberry , so I had to give up my much-loved Treo 650 . At least I was able to keep my number and swap the old SIM into the new phone.Overall I 'm fairly happy with the 8700c . I miss the five-way joystick
 Everythings positiv on this excellent device ... two small problems -LRB- 1 -RRB- the internal sound quality is poor , so , be sure to get a quality earpiece -LRB- 2 -RRB- the blackberry has a tendancy to fall out of the included holster when you stand up . Lots of road warrior features -LRB- e.g. direct dial from numbers stored with tasks -RRB- .
 I simply can not say enough about what the Blackberry has done for both my business and my ability to parent/work more freely . Imagine that end of year school party -- you really , really want to go , but you 're waiting on an important offer via email . No longer will you feel chained to your desk , but with a more relaxed attitude can slip away , mid-work day , and be at the party . Or the school play or anything.Another scenario
 I switched from a T-Mobile t68i/t610 to this Blackberry a few weeks ago . At first , I was concerned about ergonomics and the monthly cost for additional data . Since then , i 've switched to using my left middle or index finger to do the scrolling and escaping , and that seems to put less stress on my thumbs . The keyboard is a little small , but overall I like the form factor much more than the previous versions that my friends have.I love having the email access , because it allows me to talk with my friends often . I moved away from my home of 8 years recently , so that 's been really important . The mobile web browser with EDGE access has been really nice to have around so far . I 've gotten quite a few bits of info on the run , although support for mobile devices varies greatly among the big internet sites.In terms of interface , this thing is way more snappy and responsive than my Sony Ericsson phones ever were . The attention to detail in terms of shortcut keys and interface tricks , as well as the two customizable buttons are huge . I customized my front button to be a keylock , thus solving my one humongous problem with any non-flip-phone . I LOVE having keylock bound to a physical button . Why do n't all phones do that?For voice connectivity , Cingular has been way better to me up north than T-Mobile . I think T-Mobile is good if you 're in socal , but up here it 's total junk . Voice calls are pretty good , occasionally i 'll get a weird crackle , but they are generally clear enough to carry on conversations . The earpiece is nice , and I like the fact that they use a standard mini-phono plug instead of locking you into something proprietary.The bluetooth is an essential feature , although i 'm waiting to get a PocketMac to sync it with my powerbook . It 's a shame that 's not yet supported natively , as a lot of web geeks like me love their macs . Pretty soon i 'll have that all set up though.Things I would improve or would have liked to seen
 I 've had a Blackberry since the first one came out and I * love * the new 8700 series . It 's sleeker , faster , and as functional as ever . I recommend the T-Mobile version however because the rate plans are much better at about half what Cingular charges .
 As others have written , the display on this 8700C is gorgeous . On my 7250 , I had to strain to see things like my PIN number , and it never seemed quite bright enough . I am very happy with almost everything about the 8700C . One of the selling points for me was the ability to view message attachments . Image files such as JPEGs look great , but I need to see Acrobat PDF and PowerPoint files as they truly look . The 8700C does not do this -- it converts the text information to fonts that BlackBerry uses , even when the PDF is created with embedded fonts . Embedded graphics do not show up at all.Now I am considering a subscription for third party software so I can view PDFs and PowerPoint files for $ 99/year ! If you do not have this concern about attachments , you will love the 8700C . I am happy with Cingular service so far , too -- setup was easy and mostly automatic .
 This is a very good cell phone and Amazon.com gives the best deal . But , you ca n't transfer your old phone number from different provider to Cingular through Amazon.com . If you transfer your old phone number , you wo n't get your mail-in rebate . Please read amazon.com mail-in rebate rules carefully !!! You can read about how to transfer your number through this link
 This device is a significant upgrade from my previous 7290 . The display is excellent , backlighting vivid and is just faster , not sure if it has a faster processor but I notice a difference . I use the enterprise email feature with my company 's blackberry service and support two additional personal email accounts which all work seemlessly . The phone sounds good and people on the other end of the line say the quality is excellent . I love this device , great in the holster for business days or in the pocket when out to play -LRB- when you do n't want to look like a dweeb with a big phone strapped to your belt -RRB- .
 My sister-in-law called it a CrackBerry when she saw it and she was 100 % correct . It 's a hard gadget to put down , and probably the most useful one I 've ever owned.There are many great things about this phone ... The screen looks great ; it 's easy to browse the web ; there are lots of downloads available ; it can integrate with up to 10 pop email accounts ; it 's got Bluetooth built-in ; the EDGE network , while not the fastest thing out , is still plenty fast . Also , the BES service if available to you through your work , functions incredibly well and will give you seamless wireless access to corporate email & calendaring.I 'm still going to rate it 5 stars , I like it that much , but you should know these things going in :1 -RRB- The pop email integration works well , but you can only reply from one account . It would be nice if you could choose which account to reply from .2 -RRB- There are currently no good screen protectors for the 8700 series . They all seem to be cut to cover the display area of the screen ; it would be much better if they covered all of the glass .3 -RRB- The keyboard is just a little cramped and I sometimes press more than one key at a time .4 -RRB- It has no camera , this may or may not matter to you .5 -RRB- The rules that you can write for filtering email could be more complex . You 'll end up unsubscribing from email lists you do n't read that often .
 To all the people who are looking at PDA/Email phones for either your business and or personal I highly recommend this phone . For starters it is easy to use and set up , sync with your PC or Mac -LRB- pocketmac.com has been lincensed out by RIM so it is free but you do have to download it -RRB- , and it has a slim profile to fit nicely in your pocket . The screen is gorgeous and easy to read . BlackBerry email ! Just works ! Great keyboard feel and scroll wheel is so simple but so powerful.For all the business men out there , no camera ! Which is great for me because I can take my phone with me to work , not have to leave it with security when I go to court , and I can use it at the gym.But after all the praise why did I give it only 4 stars , well it not so much the phone as the carrier you have to get with it . Cingular has been having recent network failures for one reason or another as of late I it has really made my life difficult . If their consistancy of service does not improve soon I will have to buy another plan from someone else , and unlock this phone .
 Went from a 7290 to a 8700 . I ca n't even begin to tell you about all the improvements.The three things that are the most noticible :1 . The Screen - It 's amazing looking .2 . The Speed - Not only the processor but the EDGE data/web browsing is ultra-fast .3 . The Speakerphone - Crystal Clear and Loud !
 Pretty much the same features as the 7290 but with a great screen and speakerphone.Pros : - Screen is perfect.-Speaker phone is the best I have ever heard.-Call quality and volume is excellent-The 2 short cut keys and call keys are a great edition.-Nice form factor.Cons : - Nothing really new added.-Battery life is crap.-No `` option '' for camera-Internet has EDGE but to be honest there is no noticable diff in speed . Maybe a sec or two . Get EV-DO if you want speed.-Internet software has problems surfing and opening some links.-The case of the 7290 and build quality is in my mind what made it so popular . When they came out with the 7100 series it was a joke . The first of the series anyway . No experience with the newer ones.The 8700c is well made but has two major problems . One the screen is moved up to the surface of the phone -LRB- not indented -RRB- . The screen also is smoothed out and extends to the top of the phone . Making a nice slick look but easy to scratch in the long run.The 2nd major build quality issue is the grey casing . Why phone companies do this is a mystery to me . Its not the fact that its grey but the fact that the actual case is black but painted grey . So cany scratch or dent will show black on the grey case . Makes it stand out more . I have dropped and beat up my 7290 so much but none of this really shows . If you are new to blackberry or have to buy another one this 8700c is it . But if you have a working older model its not worth the upgrade.Also check out the Treo 700w although not sure how the push email compares with blackberry yet .
 i got this phone last week to combine my palm tx and cell functions together . I love it . my brother from nyc swears by his blackberry , and as an average person who is running all day , i have to agree . the internet hook up is good , the connection is way better , and overall i find this device user friendly . blackberry is especially good for the email . setting up your email to phone is easy and just takes minutes.i love this phone . great for everyday use in the real world .
 so far , the phonebook is what really win me over this phone , big screen , qwerty keyboard , side scroll buttons , etc.very useful phone especially if you got multiple phone entries for contacts .
 Since it 's my first `` smart phone '' of any kind I do n't have much to compare it to . I 'm a simple person and so I needed a simple phone that is good for text messaging . I purchased this phone for the full keyboard . That was the only reason . So far it has worked perfectly for me . Just remember that this phone is not an MP3 player , it does n't have a camera and it does n't have the ability to share data via bluetooth , but it works great for texting , email , and light surfing .
 All I can say is how much I love this phone . My dad just placed an order for the 8700g -LSB- his company supplies tmobile for free -RSB- and my mom just bought the 8700c and my little sister wants to get rid of her v3x and get a blackberry now . blackberrys are the no B.S phone , and it shows
 Great phone for a professional . I would have given this phone 5 stars except I had problems with getting the software to work , and talking into this phone is like talking into a calculator -LRB- ergonomically -RRB- . That is easily fixed with the use of Bluetooth , which I highly recommend . Buttons are extremely small -LRB- sacrifice full keyboard for button size -RRB- . Internet is awesome -LRB- for $ 47 a month I pay , id expect it to be -RRB- . Not having a camera on the phone , unlike my previous Motorola , makes this phone more business like , and less play . The address book is invaluable . I have around 300 business cards from clients and this phone stores more information than you can find on a business card . The calendar is an organizer and you can program meetings . My only regret was not buying this phone sooner .
 I bought my 8700C in April from Amazon and did so because of the rebates . It is now the first week of September and NO rebates . Amazon says online that this `` wireless '' does n't qualify . When called , they say the rebate is in progress . This borders on FRAUD .
 There was a huge sigh of relief when 7105t came out supporting all IM clients , and the moment I read about this phone - I assumed it would only be better . Yes it is , I like everything about this phone - the size , color , quality - but why in the world did RIM drop support for IM ? That would have made it a megastar . . well a nice cam cant miss the wish list but we can live without those low range cameras . I had to shake my head twice after realizing I couldnt take my messaging to this device , not very thoughtful of RIM .
 Is a great email and phone tool . If your primary purpose is to use this for a phone , DO NOT GET IT . If your primary purpose is to use it for email , this is a great device . I also use it for a phone , but it really does n't shine in that department -LRB- although it is far superior to the 8290 that I had before.Key highlights :1 . Quad band for international roaming everywhere2 . Push email is awesome3 . EDGE is4 . Google Maps Mobile is the most useful 3rd party download EVER ! Works fast with EDGE .5 . Smaller than other blackberries .6 . Screen is great .
 I 've been using the 8700 for about a week and I have to say that I am thoroughly impressed . It is my first blackberry , I had been reluctant to purchase a blackberry in the past because of complaints of poor phone functionality and sound quality . I also could never find a blackberry that had the features I really wanted . The 8700 packs EDGE connectivity , bluetooth , a great speakerphone , and an intuitive interface into a surprisingly small and elegant device . I previously used a Nokia 6620 , and the phone quality is a dramatic improvement . I cant say enough good things about this phone . Like I said , I 've only been using it for 2 weeks , so I 'm interested in how well it will hold up to the abuse I am destined to put it through . Hopefully I wont be let down .
 My family gave me the 8700c Blackberry for Christmas even though I had a 7290 Blackberry and was very happy with it . However , I am absolutely happy to have this phone . Faster connection to Internet and message receipt , speakerphone , easier to hold , sharper appearance , better screen , etc. . What can I say - this phone is a great upgrade for Blackberry users . The 2 user defined buttons make it easy to get to favorite applications and the answer/hang up buttons on the front are superb . Would recommend checking it out if you are into Blackberry .
 Pros
 I have been using BlackBerry service since the RIM 957 and the Mobitex network . When you combine the speakerphone , bluetooth , EDGE data speeds , and the querty keyboard - you have the most complete mobile email device out there . I actually answer more email from my BlackBerry than from my desk .
 The 8700 is an outstanding data device for checking e-mail browsing the web and keeping in sync with outlook . Some additional features like a MP3 player , storage expansion , and voice activated dialing would make it the perfect data device . The 8700 is a below par phone . The mic seems to pick up any background noise and is often not usable in a noisey environment . I do n't know if there are quality issues , but my first 8700c died after 4 months of use . Bottom line ... If you can use another phone and have the 8700 as a data only tool it is good , if you need a good cell phone first ... keep looking .
 First I would like to say that i also had the treo 650 and it was a great phone !! But I was sold on the blackberry by a coworker . The Blackberry is everything you need . Email accounts are cool you can link your personal and companies accounts to your phone and blackberry give you a personal email too.Texting and instant messaging are just amazing on this phone , just plain faster.The one thing I would say is buy the phone that fits your needs !!!
 I 'm absolutely fascinated with my new Blackberry.The sound is outstanding . The prospect of getting on the internet and sending email untethered from my laptop and PC makes me ecstatic.SO glad I 've actually done it .
 I switched from a 7100t to this phone . Without a doubt this phone is everything the 7100 is n't . The 8700c phone quality is excellent and the screen is incredible . The phone is faster than the 7100t and it has the full keyboard to actually reply to emails . The condensed 7100t keypad was horrible and I ended up calling people -LRB- who could barely hear me -RRB- instead on writing emails . With the 8700c the microphone is very sensitive and I do n't get complaints about a horrible echo sound . I always had dropped calls but the 8700 seems to do very well -LRB- who knows maybe it was the Tmobile network and not the phone -RRB- . The device is not too big to fit in your hand and talk with - it also fits in your shirt pocket.My only gripe is that I wish 3rd party software developers would actually write something compatible with the 8700c . This should come over time since Rim started using Intel processors.I also wish that it had an SD slot for additional storage and a camera . I guess you ca n't have it all - but overall a very well designed phone .
 This is my first blackberry . How I got along without it all this time I have no idea . Earpiece quality sounds great , speaker phone sounds great , microphone sounds great . The overall layout is quite genius . I love all the programmable features and the bluetooth accessories are a must . Web browsing with EDGE technology is surprisingly fast . If you text message often as I do , the keyboard and the `` auto-text '' features are amazing . I literally send text messages 10 times faster than I used to . If you live by email as I do , -LRB- 90 % of my clients orders are placed through email -RRB- , receiving them instantly is so important . No more running back to the office or home to check for orders . I highly recommend this product .
 8700c has been my first BlackBerry . I got it a month ago right in the thick of the lawsuit . Cingular 8125 came out soon after that which really made me to consider if I should go for the WIFI-enabled , full size keyboard and MS Office compatible Windows Mobile phone . In fact , I did exchanged for the Cingular 8125 ... for ONE DAY ... before I ran back to the Cingular store and exchanged again for a BlackBerry 8700c . -LRB- I almost cried happy tears to have my beloved BlackBerry back from the angry sale rep who had to deal with me . -RRB- Why the BlackBerry is the BEST communication solution I have ever used :1 . BlackBerry email is incredible . What can I say ? I guess it 's hard to appreciate its greatness without testing Seven Sea 's Xpress mail , GoodLink or Windows Mobiles Patch . After I tried other options , oh man , no solution works better than the BlackBerry . It 's indeed second to none ! When you read about the `` alternative services , '' believe me , they are not comparable to the reliability and the ease of use from the BES .2 . Reliability of the operating system . I think this is by far the most important factor . Windows Mobile freezes or becomes extremely sluggish about 2/3 of the time I use it . It pratcially is useless . BlackBerry however is always responsive , stable , and most importantly you can MAKE phone call and RECEIVE phone call ANYTIME no matter you are running a Google Map or what not . -LRB- This is not possible on Windows Mobile . Whenever I am doing some CPU-intensive task the phone will just freezes for about 30 seconds . -RRB- 3 . EDGE is real fast . No more do I need to say about this .4 . The keyboard works like a charm . The keyboard is MUCH BETTER THAN THE CINGULAR 8125 full size keyboard . I kid you not . Why ? Because you can a . ONE HAND OPERATE and b. use it on the go.The full size keyboard on 8125 is big indeed , but after using it for one day I realized its uselessness . Since you have to expand the keyboard on the 8125 and use both hands to type , you MUST place that device on a table in order to hold it stll -LRB- since both of your hands are n't free -RRB- and type . That maens you basically have NO WAY to input anything-name , calendar , task , website address , etc-on the go . And boys , if I do n't use cell phone on the go , I do n't know why do I use it for . If every time I do the above task I have to sit down in front of a flat surface , why do n't I just get a dang laptop ?? So do n't get fooled into the `` sliding full size keyboard myth '' because it 's plainly meaningless .5 . It 's sturdy and it looks really good . 8125 feels awkward on your hand and big/heavy in the pocket . 8700c however is actually quite elegant .6 . The phone quality is by far the best . I talk when I am driving above 75 mph very often . It has been hard for any phone -LRB- Samsung or Moto -RRB- to be loud enough for me to hear . I remember using speaker phone on my Samsung phones and put it on my ear in order to hear . But with 8700c , not only its reception is super -LRB- much better than 8125 -RRB- , its clarity is great , it 's over-the-top loud ! 7 . Intuitive operation . Oh my God , I finally understood the success of BlackBerry in using it operating system-its ease of use with the thumb . You see , Windows Mobile is made by Microsoft which makes GUI OS like Windows . GUI means the need for a mouse . On PDA it means a stylus and many layers of `` folders . '' Guys , it 's practically useless on a phone if whatever you need to do with it , you need to hold it with one hand and take out a stylus to scroll/type . Why ? How in the world am I going to do that when I am eating , driving , walking , etc , at the same time as operating my phone ? Omg , Microsoft is NOT thinking about this . Who uses his/her phone sitting down in front of a desk ? Maybe you , but I ALWAYS use it when I am multitasking -- walking , listening to speech , driving , drinking , eating dinner , waiting for a table , watching movie , sitting on the toilet , etc , etc. . BlackBerry 's navigation works way better than any other device method I have ever heard of . It 's simply intuitive .8 . The following functions are not only excellent , they set industry standard by going way above and beyond over its competitors : a. phone logs . It stores unlimited number of events -LRB- missed call , dialed call , received call -RRB- per the last 20 contacts . Each event includes time and duration . EACH ! You simply have over 3 ~ 400 events easily.b . font . It has wide selection of pleasant fonts of different styles and size . They look grrrreeat.c . screen . 320x240 is really high resolution for a screen this size . You can arrange the folders and icons on the screen by applying theme and manually hide/unhide icon so that you largely have an empty desktop to show your favorite picture!b . phone . the dailing , the calling features , are all excellent ! It 's really easy to send SMS , Email or PIN to anyone on your contact . You can right click on the contact and select one of the following functions-view history , SMS this person , email this person , call this person , PIN this person , etc. . Once you click on `` Call this person '' for example , a menu will come up and ask you which number . It 's just so simple yet powerful.c . the categorization of all your messages -LRB- sent and received -RRB- in one single box differentiated by icon . It 's really a smart idea . Windows Mobile gives you an Outlook style menu tree that has over 30 different folders on its tiny screen requires a style to select each time . Think about it , when you are using a phone to read messages , is it more important to organize it clearly in outlook style -LRB- which is designed for the use of a mouse -RRB- or in a centralized place where you can simply navigate it by one thumb ? Oh my , Windows Mobile is not impressive AT ALL . What is Microsoft thinking ? Look at how BlackBerry can do the simple task well.d . the auto dimming works great ! Under bright sunlight the screen lights up ultra bright to acomodate the environment . When it 's not too bright , the screen brightness decreases and the keyboard turns off -LRB- since the ambient light is enough to see the keyboard -RRB- , when it 's completely dark , the keyboard will light up again while the screen stays dim . -LRB- Thus at least three different modes . -RRB- e. theme is very , very pretty . Aesthetically pleasing . Much prettier and artistic than Windows Mobile.f . I like the airplane mode , the alarm clock -LRB- finally loud enough for me -RRB- and the expansive options for manual modification.g . You not only are able to customize the profile -LRB- ring tone style and volumn -RRB- down to every single type per profile -LRB- message , level one message , phone , calendar , browser , task , etc -RRB- , you can also SET MULTIPLE EXCEPTIONS and ACTIVATE EACH EXCEPTION INDEPENDENTLY !! Exception means you can turn off the vibration/sound completely off in a theatre , but unless this number calls in which the phone will use an overriding profile . So if you are waiting for imporatnt phone call , you can definitely let it get thru . It 's sort of a `` Do-Not-Disturb '' guard and `` VIP-only '' kind of thing.In conclusion , this phone is powerful and completely designed for business purpose and business people oriented .
 Update 10/13/07
 I just picked up my new 8700c at my Cingular store a couple of days ago , and could hardly be much happier thus far . I had a BB 7290c for almost 2 years , and do n't see how I could go with another device . Just one note before I get into the device specifically , the Cingular network perfroms capably where I am , and where I commonly use the phone , so that probably has some bearing on my level of satisfaction . Things I like about my 8700c : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Works with BMW bluetooth ! This device actually transfers the address book to the car , which is an upgrade over the 7290 , which required manual entry of phone numbers in order to dial using the car 's audio controls , or to use the phone to dial the contact . Set up was easy , and it works flawlessly . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Smaller footprint than my old 7290 , more aesthetic , with bigger/much better screen . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Better phone functionality . It 's nice to have the green/red send/end buttons so if someone has to answer your phone for you if your hands are full with something else , they can figure it out . Also , less chance to accidentally end calls by inadvertedly hitting the ESC button . -LRB- 4 -RRB- EDGE - far better browsing speeds . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Still the great BB email client . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Increadibly easy to sync with MS Outlook for contacts and for calendar . -LRB- 7 -RRB- ability to read attachments without 3rd party application . -LRB- 8 -RRB- no cameraProbably my only complaint is that its only enabled BT profile is the handsfree phone one -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- . It would b nice to connect with my laptop via Bluetooth.My advice for anyone who buys one
 Great product , but when I tried to port over a number from a Verizon account , I was informed I would be charged $ 250 . here 's the fine print : `` By accepting this Equipment Discount , you agree that for a period of 181 days after your new line of service is activated , you1 . Will pay your balance due to Cingular each month2 . Will not disconnect this Cingular line of service3 . Will not transfer this equipment to another Cingular line of service4 . Will not port an existing phone number to this new line of service5 . Will not change your Cingular service rate plan to a lower monthly service rate6 . Will not use this new line of service to replace an existing account with CingularIf these conditions are not met , you herein agree to a $ 250 reimbursement to be paid to this Cingular-authorized agent . This reimbursement of the $ 250 Equipment Discount will only be charged if the above conditions are not met . ''
 A short review but I must give credit where it is due . The 8700c is my first Blackberry and I truly love it . I develop PDA applications and I also have an iPAQ 2215 and Verizon-Audiovox 6600 pocket pc phone . With the Blackberry I finally have a PDA that does everything I need to do so simply . I can actually enter a memo , event , set and alarm etc. using the PDA much faster than if I used a notepad . Think about this . How often do you write something down on paper only to transfer it to your PDA when you have time?The Blackberry rules the world of `` tools for a task '' . In other it is designed for communication and it excels way beyond the pocket pc at this . There is no camera or media player etc. and I do n't miss them . It 's just nice to have an item that actually makes my life easier . The phone is great . I could barely use my 6600 while driving a stick . Even with the wireless headset , try turning on your device , connecting to the phone and bluetooth with your stylus while driving . Almost impossible with the pocket pc . The blackberry scroll wheel is sooooooo much quicker.The most important thing is that the OS is so stable . I have been using PDA 'S and writing apps for them for several years and I thought they all crashed often . Performing a soft reset was just part of it and I grew accustom to it . The Blackberry is so fast and so stable . I can multitask without `` interference '' from other programs . Performance is never slowed by other apps and I have only reset it twice in almost a month . My PDA needed a daily reset if using the phone with other large apps . Excellent job RIM . Keep it up .
 The Blackberry 8700 is wonderful ! It does a great job of retrieving email from all five of my accounts , and functions well as a phone and PDA . I am thrilled.Until two weeks ago , I was carrying around a top of the line Dell Axim X30 with 624 MHZ and wireless capability , and a cell phone . I teach at several universities and do consulting work so I have five different email accounts and I 'm constantly checking my email at least twice an hour . Prior to getting this Blackberry , I had to find a wireless spot to use my Axim , stay tied to my laptop , or pay out the nose for web access on my cell phone . It was terrible.Now with the Blackberry , all of my email accounts are programmed in so I 'm instantly notified when I get a message . Because I can respond within seconds , I never miss a beat . My students and clients often comment that I respond quickly to their needs , which they love . The 8700 from Cingular has GSM and dual band service so I can be almost anywhere in the world and still receive my email messages instantly . I was in Hong Kong last week and the Blackberry functioned flawlessly . I could use it as a phone in HK and also receive and reply to email.Additionally , I love the fact that I can synch my MS Outlook calendar , contacts , address book , tasks , etc. to the Blackberry . -LRB- It also has the ability to synch with other PIM programs . -RRB- I have mine set to sound an alarm 15 mins before I 'm due in a meeting or appt and it has been a life saver . When you are always on the go , it 's easy to forget stuff . This Blackberry makes it easy to keep everything in one place . Oh , and surfing the web is a breeze . The display is a nice size and it 's crisp and clear and shows almost all websites easily.Lastly , I love the size of the 8700 . I thought it would be a bit bulky but it 's not . This version is about the same size as the 7290 Blackberry and fits nicely in your hand.My only two complaints are that some of the buttons and functions are not immediately intuitive , and RIM has yet to come out with an assortment of cases for this version . But , after about 15 mins of playing around , I was able to figure out just about everything -LRB- the manual that RIM provides covers only the basics -RRB- , and I found a great case on eBay.I only wish I had discovered Blackberry sooner !
 I often hear debates over who has the better smartphone -- Palm or BlackBerry ?? I have two lines with Sprint PCS , with my personal line having a Treo 700p and my business line connected to a BlackBerry 8703First off - I love both phones ! However , they are very different , particularly in their strengths and weaknesses -- my review is based upon how well each smartphone handles the following things -- PHONE FUNCTIONS - EMAIL - INTERNET - PHOTOGRAPHS - MULTIMEDIA -LRB- Music & Movies -RRB- - SPEAKERPHONE - BLUETOOTH - COMPUTER SYNCHRONIZATION - MISC - -LRB- Text Messaging , System Stability , PDA Functions -RRB- Okay ... . here we go -1 . PHONE FUNCTIONSFor me , the Treo 700p has much better phone functions -- this is mostly because of their touch screen capabilitiesWhen I wan na dial a number off of the Treo , I immediately start spelling the person 's name on the keyboard , and I immediately go to my phone book , where I can touch the number I want to dialThe BlackBerry is a bit more complicated , as I can not touch the screen -- therefore , I 'm limited to dialing based upon scrolling to the right name and then pressing the numberOverall , the BlackBerry is n't bad -- however , I know a lot of people like to use their phone while driving their car -LRB- with a bluetooth headset on -RRB- or like to use the phone in situations that require a quick reaction ... . if you wan na use your phone in the car , then the Treo is the best choice , mainly because the touch screen allows one to go to any name and dial immediately -- as funny as this sounds , you can really only use a BlackBerry , for phone calls , in situations when you can give it total devotionWith that said ... . if you are not dialing numbers while driving in the car , then the BlackBerry 's phone functions are fine ... . they take a bit longer to get going , due to scrolling ... . but they get the job done just fine -LRB- and yes , you can use the keyboard to look up names in the address book , as well -RRB- 2 . EMAILOkay - this is really the only category where the BlackBerry really beats up the Treo 700 and beats it up GOOD !!! First off , email on the Treo 700p is no totally useless ... . the Treo comes with VersaMail , a program that handles all POP , IMAP , and other email accounts with ease ... . there 's also a program available called CHATTER EMAIL for the Treo , which makes the Treo 's email functions even faster and more versatileHowever , the big problem with Treo email is that one has to download the email -- in other words , you have to log onto ChatterMail or VersaMail and wait for a few mins as the program downloads all of the email you 've received -- now you can configure a program like ChatterMail to be constantly downloading your email , so one receives it immediately , however this is a BAD choice because such a function basically keeps the Treo on a ` constant ' phone call , as it downloads email -- in turn , your cell phone mins get eaten up , battery life goes down quickly , and phone calls are missed do to your phone being occupied on the ` other line'THe BlackBerry , on the other hand , downloads all of your emails immediately , without draining the battery , without interrupting phone calls , and without eating up your cell phone mins -- my BlackBerry can download my emails more immediately than my own laptopIn addition , the BlackBerry 8703 keyboard is absolutely awesome -- so I much more prefer to write emails over my BlackBerry than I do over my Treo 700pIn summary on this one , the BlackBerry is clearly much better with email ... . and if email is the most important thing to you , then go BlackBerry for sure ! -- however , the Treo 700p holds its own with email , provided that you are willing to wait and download your emails over something like Chatter or Versamail3 . INTERNETBoth phones handle internet similarly , however , I would give the edge to the Treo 700p mostly because of the TOUCHSCREEN , as it allows one to navigate webpages with more freedomThat said , the BlackBerry is fien too , just a bit more limitedBoth phones can connect your laptop to the internet , depending on your cell service -- I 've been very pleased with the Treo 's ability to connect my laptop to the internet , provided that I use its USB cable with the program USB MODEM ----- I do n't have as much experience doing this with my BlackBerry , but I have heard that the results are favorable when doing soEVDO speeds on both phones are very good4 . PHOTOGRAPHSIf pictures are important , then the Treo 700p is the CLEAR winnerThe Treo 700p comes with a great multimedia program , fueld by an embedded Kinoma player , which can allow you to show off pictures with pretty good easeI 'm a Mac user , so I use MarkSpace to get my pics onto my Treo and I 'm very pleased with the Treo 's ability to show off pictures -- the resolution and quality are shown off very wellI have yet to get pictures onto my BlackBerry though -- I have seen other friends of mine show off pictures on their BlackBerry , but the program does not seem as sophisticated or as user friendly as Palm ` sClearly , the Treo 700p is made to handle pics , whereas the BlackBerry is lagging in this area5 . MULTIMEDIA -LRB- Movies/Music -RRB- I am actually DEEPLY impressed with how well the Treo 700p can handle multimedia , both music and moviesI am a filmmaker myself -- with the use of the program , KINOMA PRODUCER , I have compressed many of my short films to small files , for the purposes of showing them off of my Treo to some friends -- the Treo 700p plays the files excellently , with sound coming out of the speakerphone and the resolutions of the films looking excellent!Even better is that the Treo 700p can handle MP4 's and MPEG4 's , allowing me to encode the best resolution and best sounding files onto my Treo -- sadly , the Treo 700p can not play songs downloaded from the iTunes Music Store , as those are copyright protected , but it will play anything that one encodes with my own devicesThe music/mp3 player on the Treo is also excellent , playing tunes through the speakerphone , or through the headphones that the Treo comes withAs far as I can tell , the BlackBerry 8703 does not have any multimedia functions , so good luck getting an MP4 or MPEG4 onto this thing -- however , Blackberry is working on this , so future BlackBerry 's will have this capability -- but if playing movies and music is important to you , then the Treo 700p is the only choice in this departmentLastly - important to include that the Treo 700p also has a built in camera and a built in camcorder -- and the camcorder movies taken on the Treo are actually pretty good quality ! -- the BlackBerry 8703 has no camera and no camcorder6 . SPEAKERPHONEThe Speakerphone on both phones is excellent and easy to use , with both being loud and clearIf speakerphone is your main buying point , then you could n't go wrong with either phone7 . BLUETOOTHBluetooth is very solid on both phonesI 've been especially pleased with the Treo 700p , whose BlueTooth capabilities are much more solid and stable than the old Treo 650pThe BlackBerry seems to have few problems connecting with my bluetooth headset and other devices -- I would say that both phones boast great bluetooth capabilities8 . COMPUTER SYNCHROIt 's important to note that I have a MAC and I sync all my phones off of my MacFor the Treo 700p , I use MarkSpace 's Missing Sync , as Palm 's software is terribleFor the BlackBerry , BB has launched free Mac-Syncing software , that can be found on their websiteSyncing any smartphone off of a Mac is never an easy thing and I 've not been too happy with the processWith that said , I 'm pleased with MarkSpace 's Missing Sync as , for the most part , the program does a good job of syncing my Treo 's contacts and calendars , as well as doing photos and music -- unfortunately , the syncing process seems to take forever -LRB- usually at least 35 mins -RRB- but syncing once a week is n't a big dealI was pleased with how well the BlackBerry synced to my Mac , however , none of the email addresses for my contacts have transferred -- so there are some kinks to work out , and it could be that I 'm just not syncing it rightMain point - both phones sync fine with the Mac , but expect some minor probs -- however , for what its worth , I 'm pretty satisified overall9 . MISC - -LRB- Text Messaging , System Stability , PDA Functions -RRB- It is important to note that the BlackBerry is MUCH MORE stable than the Treo 700p -- I have had my BlackBerry shut down on me once in the last few months , whereas the Treo 700p probably shuts down once a weekSo if stability is important , than the BlackBerry is the way to goThe calendar and address book functions of both phones are excellent , but I would say that the Treo 700p 's PDA functions are a ` bit ' betterBoth phones are fine with text messaging , as well -- CONCLUSION -- If I could only use ONE of these phones , then I would definitely pick the Treo 700p -- the reasons why are because the multimedia functions very much impress me , as I like to store some pics and movies on thereIn addition , the phone functions are easier to navigate and the touchscreen is something that I could n't live without on a daily basis -- text messaging , bluetooth , and PDA functions are all excellent , as well , with email being the only thing that lags -LRB- but even that 's not so bad -RRB- However , I love the BlackBerry 's solid system and its excellent email performanceHaving one as my personal cellphone and the other as my business setup is the perfect balance -- however , I would give the slight edge to the Treo 700pWith that said -- if you want multimedia and other phone functions , in addition to better phone functions , then the Treo 700p is your phoneIf you are all business and clearly value EMAIL over multimedia , then the BlackBerry may be your best betHope that helpsPEACE AND LOVE & HAPPY BUYING !!!! Muhammad Ali Hasan
 I 've had Treos ever since they first came out , and was a fervent supporter -- except for one thing . The products themselves are basically junk . Great interface , great looking , great mix of PDA and phone , but constant headaches . Their upgrade from 600 to 650 was in many ways a mess
 Just got the 8700c for Christmas to replace my 7520 model . I 'm impressed !! The cell phone quality is excellent , the ability to set up your personal email using one icon and your business email using another is wonderful . I like the feel and look of it much better than the 7520 model , although I have no complaints of that model either . Also , the headset that comes with your order thru Cingular works very well . I also ordered a headset from Plantronics , did n't know one was included - I 'm sending it back . Also , I received the phone within 3 days from the day I placed the order .
 Now I know why they call it a `` crackberry `` It has to be within my reach at all times , and I can hardly bear to put it down!I had a palm treo 650 which , in retrospect , STUNK.Always dropped calls , froze and reset itself all the time.getting email took a long time and often failed.The blackberry 8700c is much lighter than the treo 650the `` clickwheel '' feature of the blackberry is great -- no stylus to lose , but also no touch screen like the treo . I liked the touch screen feature.easily syncs with MACS if you get the pocketberry software -LRB- free -RRB- ; however , I have n't found a way to load programs onto the blackberry with a MAC -- so I had to install bootcamp and load windows xp on my MAC.No phone or video on the blackberry -- too bad . But unless u use that feature a lot you wo n't miss it.web browsing on the blackberry is FAR SUPERIOR to the palm . in fact , it was difficult to get pages to load on the palm . Blackberry just zips when surfing the web.There does n't seem to be as much software available for the blackberry like there is for the treo ; however , there are still quite a number of software titles for the bberry -LRB- handango.com -RRB- text messaging/SMS is much better on the blackberry , and the keys seem easier to navagate -LRB- too close together on the palm -RRB- . There are a lot of accessories for the blackberry , but there seems to be even more for the palm -- not a big deal , but if you are into the accessories you should check out both websites.the speakerphone on the blackberry is FAR superior ; you can have entire conversations without interruption . this also applies to bluetooth headsets -- much better connection and reception .
 If you want good phone capabilities and email , then this is the phone for you . I have had many smart phones which had a camera , MP3 player , ability to do excel , etc and found these phones to be slow and inferior to the Blackberry . While it takes a little while getting used to it , once you do , it is a much faster device than any other phone for emailing and texting .
 My life has changed because of this devise ... for the good ! I am not a tech person and typically and a late adopter . This however has to be one of the best late to market items I invested in . I am able to have numbers at my finger tips , my work calendar so when I am planning meetings or family outings I am not double booking . I started the take the bus -LRB- everyone one should -RRB- and I am able to catch up on email while sitting listening to my iPod . I travel overseas and do not have to hassle with terrible dial up countries like Viet Nam or China . I am not in to the hip thing - but all in all this is a must have . The rebate was a great bonus to the deal !
 I recently moved up from a Samsung PDA phone and Sprint PCS to the 8700c and Cingular . The Samsung worked well for me for 3 years as a phone and contact manager . However , the 8700c blows it away ! The overall look and feel are big wins . It just looks like ` quality ' . The screen is bright , the navigation is easy . The phone has excellent sound , particularly as a Speaker phone . I bought a bluetooth headset from Logitech which linked immediately and sounds great both to myself as well as the person on the other end of the line . Also , I 've found the small keys very easy to use and have been able to type emails quickly since the first try.Not having the ` bells and whistles ' of a PocketPC or Treo , such as camera , memory slots , and media player are disappointing . Yet everytime I think about it I realize what I really need is the reliable function of instant email , high-quality phone , and internet browsing . I 'm hopeful that over time the 8700c will prove more reliable than other handsets of that type because it is focused on the essentials.Note that my company is a supplier to RIM along with several other mobile phone manufacturers . RIM makes the highest commitment to get what they need and they spend the money to do so . Their facilities are immaculate and all of the people that I 've met , particularly engineers and assembly workers , are highly dedicated . This device is not assembled by a bunch of nameless migrant farmers in China , like so many competitive devices are . It 's primarily built in North America and finished in Toronto . Proof that we can still manufacture here .
 I have used the Treo and Blackberry over the years and without a doubt the new Blackberry 8700c is the best PDA on the market . The Intel 312MHZi is very fast and the keyboard is perfect . The only downside to this and most PDA devices is they make better PDA 's than Cell Phone . I use my 8700C just for business emails and I love it .
 Totally gets 5 stars because of the price and what you get -LRB- under 55 dollars NEW is what I paid -RRB- . You get Blackberry quality and all its really good for is making calls and texting . Its got no real bells or whistles worth mentioning beyond the big screen and Bluetooth . It can do Email but I have no experience emailing with it . I bought it because all I wanted was a phone to make calls on and a keyboard for my big hands . Word of advise NEVER try and update the OS if your a novice , I tried and nearly killed it forever by a miracle I revived it from the `` blinking red light of death '' . It can updated to a better OS but using Blackberry 's software will corrupt the phone resulting in the `` red light of death '' You have to basically hack the update into it.When I first got it the battery was so dead it needed some time on the charger just to get it to turn on . If you buy one -LRB- if Amazon ever has them again -RRB- take it out and put it on the charger and walk away for 2 hours or so before you even try to turn it on . If you try right away to turn it on you may think its a dud like I did . Its a patients young grasshopper moment.Owned it nearly a year now maybe longer slipped in the AT&T ; SIM card and began making calls with no problems . If I paid double what I did for it I would give it 1 star and complain about the lack of features .
 This phone is more than 2 years old and still going . This is one of the best phones for business you could ever have . 5 Stars
 Given the poor picture , wondered if I 'd get a genuine battery made by Samsung or a knock-off . This seemed exactly the same as the stock phone battery , and so far it 's working fine . Thumbs up .
 I received my battery within a week . It works like it should and I do n't have any complaints .
 These batteries are just the thing to keep your palm phone going for another 5 years ???? What a good price !
 I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my husband . It seems to fit his 6133 just fine .
 A good low cost cell phone service plan.I have not see anyone else can offer better deal than STI . If you fond others please share.Yes there is a daily charge but if you read their website it is clearly listed . And looking it from a monthly base . It is about 3 ~ 4 dollar per month you can not get better deal than this.If you are not a heavy user but still need a cell phone with you . This is very good choice.A happy customer for 5 years +
 this is good product . . the bluetooth headsets from Motorola continue to improve with time . Th H500 is not as sleek as the H700 , but its a good basic headset ; works well with my Blackberry .
 I read a lot of negative reviews about this product , but it works great for me . I did pair it with a motoral E518 , and it was made to use the H500 . It works great indoors and in the car , but not so great with wind , and while driving with your windows down . You will have to roll up your windows to be heard effectivly . But let me tell you , I paid $ 25 for this gadget , so the price is definietly worth it . For the price and great product to have .
 The product works extreamly well indoors , outdoors it tends to loose the communucation ablilty . Extreamly noisy . One needs to remember to keep it charged or it will turn off and you will miss calls
 I am pleased with the amount of time that the blue tooth stays charged but as far as comfort it 's not very comfortable to keep this particular blue tooth on your ear for an extended amount of time . I have not been able to click over to answer a new call while on an call to a new incoming call as of yet ...
 Talking on the phone all day giving you cell ear ? Give this headset a try , at the price it 's a good deal . I paid almost full price for mine , and used it constantly until it broke . The replacement one I got cheap so I was n't too unhappy . It 's small , so watch where you put it . Mine ended up under foot . One crunch and it was a goner . My fault not Motorolas .
 yes , I like it , in fact I 'm going to purchase a second one as a backup . it 's the only one I like because you do n't have to stick it in your ear . it is quite comfortable and has good sound quality . unfortunately you can not use the voice command feature with the iPhone , but that 's because of the lack of that feature on the iPhone . .
 This is great headset . I have n't had any problems with it . I also received it very quickly .
 I have bought this bluetooth for few times . It is great and never have problem .
 This headset works just fine , but I do have a couple of things I would consider when buying my next headset
 I 've been against bluetooth 's forever , but I learned that the states are going to start outlawing you using cell phones while driving if you do n't have one , so I decided to bite the bullet . I have to say it 's more comfortable than I thought , and it 's much easier to drive while using it . My husband likes it better than his plantronics one , said it 's much more comfortable and needs less adjustment putting it on . He wants me to get him one for a present now !
 I purchased mine in 2006 and it would still be working now if my daughter did n't spill water on it for the umpteenth time . When I first got it I have to admit it made my ear hurt but I realized that I had it turned down too far and once I pointed it upwards a little the discomfort went away.I use it with a Palm Treo 700w and it has never given me a problem . It pairs everytime , volume is good indoors.The only con I can see with it is that it is a little too sensitive to surrounding sounds . When outside , people usually hear the wind or cars way louder than me talking . Also , I usually have to mute my radio in the car because it picks that up loudly too .
 The Motorola H500 Bluetooth is a good buy and functions pretty well . I will admit that this is the only one that I have had however I was comparing it to a different brand that was more money owned by my 22 year old Grandson . His did n't work that well and he paid more for it . This product arrived on time and was well packed . The performance is good . The only drawback is the voice activated calling sometimes takes more than one try to get it done . For the money I believe that it is a good product .
 I love this headset . It is easy to use and the charge does last for a very long time . I owned one prior to this and I decided to order 2 more before they are not available .
 Looked everywhere for decent bluetooth at good price for my Razor . So happy I found this one . Comfortable on ear , good receiving sound and am told I can be heard just fine on other end . Feel much safer having this when I 'm driving . The range from phone is good can carry phone in purse when shopping or driving and do n't have any problem connecting .
 This would rate a 5 star except for the earband which is a bit uncomfortable when worn for long periods . Otherwise the battery lasts longer than advertised , the earband reverses sides and the buttons are easy to reach along with a good price from Amazon .
 Out of 3 total bluetooth earbuds I 've tried , this is the only one that I can say is worth any money . The h350 sounded static-y to my callers , and the jabra bt250 was difficult to put on quickly with one hand , while it also had a non-standard charger . The bt250 also started to split open at the seam after 2 weeks of light use.My phone and bluetooth have usb mini-plug power adapters , which cuts down on the device clutter in the car and at home .
 is a good bluetooth , only problem a need the new usb for this bluetooth.for use in the computer for speak
 I really like this bluetooth headset . The battery life is great . One of the best part is that it uses my razr same charger to charge . I will be buying another one soon for my wife .
 Yeah , the price was killing before but now its pretty affordable . Best things :1 . Switches on in 3 seconds and syncs immediately .2 . If you leave it on and run away , it switches itself off .3 . Very clear sound quality .4 . The earpiece stays put due to the notches kinda design , not freewheeling like a monkey dangling by the rope .5 . Very light , recharges very fast.The bad :1 . Have to recharge it still !! ca n't they make solar powered ones ? 2 . Volume control is kinda impossible . Just use your phone 's volume control .3 . The power button blends too well to the touch .
 Really comfortable to use , fits nicely and comfortably on the ear , and stays there . Even with some really strong head shaking I did n't manage to make it come off from my ear . -LRB- And my ears - you can trust me - are not big . :--RRB- -RRB- Good battery life + you can charge it using the mini USB cable from your notebook . I use my H500 both with Skype -LRB- on DELL notebook using bluesoleil software -RRB- , and with Motorola L6 . It has excellent sound quality in both cases . The only minus point to mention is the rather short user manual , that does n't help much beyond initial setup and basic operation .
 Just had to say that the noise cancellation quality was n't the greatest , but I ran over my bluetooth accidentally with my car . It rained that day as well . Two days later , someone found it in the parking lot , and I claimed it . Believe it or not ... It still worked . I 've never seen anything like it . May not get the best rating for noise cancellation , but it makes up for it in durability . Every Soldier/Fisher/Father of two year olds should have one !
 The headset is a very good buy . Its modest cost vs performance makes it a winner IMHO . The only problem I had was relinking the headset after the initial installation . The instructions that came with the headset were a little vague as to this simple task . Being a newbie with Bluetooth devices I was holding down the headset on/off button to long causing the device to try and reinstall itself . After I observed some one turn on a different brand of headset I realized my problem . Simply hold the H500 near the phone that you have already linked and TAP the on/off button once . Holding it down , to turn it on , for any length of time will cause the device to go into install mode . I think this should have been more clearly conveyed in the instructions . I read reviews on this site and others before buying the H500 I noticed a couple of reviews that mentioned having trouble relinking but they did n't explain how they resolved the problem . I bought three of these little gems . One for myself and two as gifts . One with bluetooth experience had no problems . The other who had never owned one had a similar experience as I did . Also as long as the phone is in your pocket or wife 's purse and you are within 20-25 feet of it , the audio is crystal clear . Beyond that range you will get static . Hope this review will help others.Larry
 I have tried several bluetooth headsets , but this is the most comfortable to me because it does not have a button that fits inside your ear . This almost fits flush with your ear . I am very satisfied with the way it functions . There are times when I have to touch it to see if it is there it is so comfortable .
 I received my H500 from my daughter , because it did n't fit her ear well and she had to get a different one . It also does n't fit her dad 's ear , so comfort is more a matter of ear shape than the piece being intrinsically uncomfortable . It fits my ear perfectly and I love it ! It 's very lightweight , so I forget it 's there , it has excellent sound , easy three-button operation , and I 've just set it up for voice dialing , in honor of the new CA hands-free-while-driving law effective 7/1/08 . I highly recommend the H500 , but see if you can try before you buy .
 I bought this for my mother , after having the older model for a year and a half . Great sound , no interference and sits OUTSIDE the ear . Perfect for those who do n't like anything in their ear .
 The product works very well . It actually holds closer to the ear for easy listening . I 've tried other ear pieces and this one is the best so far .
 The sound volume can be a bit low when using it on the freeway -LRB- when it is most often used -RRB- . But , overall the sound quality is reallly good . Does n't pick up a lot of outside noises.The biggest drawback is that when paired with my Motorola cell phone it disabled the distintive ringtones I had set up so now I have to take my eyes off the road and look at the display on the phone to determine who is calling . Annoying for a handsfree `` safety '' device .
 Having read the reviews previously posted , I am left with the opinion that many are based on unrealistic expectations . This model as nearly any other regardless of price does what it is designed to do , no more or no less.The H500 is lightweight , comfortable and loud enough for intelligble conversation under most conditions . Granted high winds or loud ambient noise can complicate things somewhat . I have used mine under adverse conditions with no major problems . The ear loop took some getting used in positioning with my eyeglasses but I now have that down pat and it no longer presents any problems . I can do anything short of a headstand and it does not budge . Were it available only at MSRP it would be overpriced , but as it is readily available at a steep discount it represents excellent value.Many issues appear to center on the distance one can be from one 's cell phone and that is really a non issue . I keep my cellphone in my pocket or in the same room with me and I have no problems up to and sometimes exceeding the 10 meter referenced distance.One can find `` more fashionable '' headsets , one can find headsets with more bells and whistles . But if one wants to sever the wires that bind , you can not go wrong with this model from Motorola . I and my wife both have one with our Motorola Razr V3Ms and we have yet to have any connection or pairing problems.The current pricing through Amazon.com is outstanding and is a great value . With more and more jurisdictions mandating handsfree vehicular operation of cellphones it is the only way to go.If it had noise cancellation it would have gotten five stars . But then again it would n't be available at this price . That is a fair trade for one star .
 I got my Bluetooth about 3 months ago and use it daily . It 's a great product , and I do n't usually have any difficulty with volume . My only complaint would be that the earpiece could be a bit tighter -- it would be nice if it felt more clamped down on my ear . Regardless of that , I highly recommend this product !
 I 've had the H500 for almost 4 months now . I love it . I 've used it exclusively with my RAZR ... they work great together . The only thing I dislike about the H500 compared to my old Jabra headset is the fact that the H500 does not go right into the ear , and so it 's a little hard to hear people at times . However , that 's usually not an issue . Besides that , I ca n't fault it for anything . The battery life has been incredible for me , and I love that it uses a mini-USB power connector , just like the RAZR.All in all , a great buy .
 I admit , I was sceptical and reluctant to buy this gizmo . The cell phone was definitely a need - I do all of my long distance calling with it - but I felt that the wireless headset was a frivolous expense . However , after the first day of use , I was converted . How often had I diapered or prepared meals for my children with a phone wedged between my ear and shoulder ? Countless . The benefit of using the headset while driving is even more obvious . Instead of pulling over and fumbling around in my purse to find my phone and hit the speaker button , now I simply push the call/answer button and I 'm set . I can move around as I please and use both hands for whatever task I 'm doing.The initial set up was easy and quick . Follow the instructions and you should n't have any problems . The only thing you have to remember to do is charge it on a regular basis and enable the connection through your cell phone each time you turn the power back on . Also , you do n't need to shout . Apparently , when I first started using it , I shouted at everyone I spoke to .
 Easy to connect , good sound quality fewer dropped calls than last headset .
 I bought this is a gift for my brother . He loves it ! It works perfectly with his iPhone 5 and even works with Siri .
 It is very comfortable to wear and it has good reception . The price was right too . Glad I bought it .
 great sound and quality . It works well I would buy it again . Stays on ear very well hold a long charge
 I had H3 , which I returned and got the HS500.I like it . Call quality is OK , not superb.I chose to stay with Motorola brand as my Razr car & travel charger will charge the headset . Big plus in the car.It 's light and it works . Comfort is just OK.If I were on the phone all day , I seek out a more comfy model.But for light to moderate use , it is decent for the money and nice to have in the car .
 the headset is very easy to use because it only has 3 buttons . 2 volume buttons and the main call button . You can put calls on hold by pushing the button , make calls using the same buttons etc. . Also the headset can be adjusted so it can be used on both ears . There are 2 problems I encounter with this headset . The first problem is that I find the speaker is not loud enough sometimes . The headset works great in a quiet enviroment but if you are driving on the freeway or have loud music playing , its really hard to hear what the other person is saying even when the volume is on all the way . The second problem I encountered is that when you are trying to use the voice name call feature in a loud enviroment , the microphone has a tough time picking out what you are trying to say . Other then that this headset works great and I have not encountered that echo problem everyone keeps talking about .
 I bought the headset about 3 weeks ago and so far I am very happy with it . The sound quality is very good and it is easy it use . The only small complaint I have is that I wish the volume could go a little louder . In general , the headset is easily to put on and fits good around on the ear . Another benefit is that it uses the same USB cable as my blackberry.For the price I think its a must have !
 Great headset . Using it with my Blackberry 7130e . Sound quality is great on both ends . Comfortable , you forget its there . Easy to get on and off . It links quickly with the phone . I really like it .
 I got this about a week ago . So far this has been great . I like its small size . My boss has the HS850 with the boom mic and all it looks a bit bigger than mine . Sound quality is excellent . I have Sony Ericsson Z520a . I could talk with the windows rolled down on busy roads . Have not tried on freeways , but why would you roll down your windows on a freeway.The only problem I found was redial . I kept it in my shirt pocket , and it redialed my friend the button is very sensitive . I used it in DMV with a big Queue and it worked perfect . For the most part I will keep the headset I am comparing against HS850 , but I found few reviews where volume is a problem with HS850 , the volume with this set is perfect . I will come back with more review if I happen to change it .
 As a busy mom who spends a lot of time in the car , the H500 has done just what I wanted it to do . Allows me to drive without having to dig my cell phone out of my purse and not have cords in the way.I will agree that in the wind it does give person on the other end some noise , but I have found if I hold my hand in front of my mouth , the sound is reflect back to my earpiece and they hear me just fine.Wish I had seen price at Amazon before I bought mine at Verizon store !
 I bought the Motorola H500 Nickel color for my husband because I had bought myself the pink one and loved it . It fits nice behind my ear -LRB- either ear -RRB- and is light weight I can hardly feel I have it on . I find it easy to use and it was easy to setup . It paired nicely to his Nokia as my pink colored one paired nicely with my MotoRazor 3v , we are both very happy with this product .
 Although I did not purchase this product for myself . I have recieved nothing but happy reviews about the Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset , and the service that I got from Amazon . Is as it always is . WONDERFUL ! And I will continue to order again and again from Amazon , because I know that the merchandise I order from them will always be the top of the line , and that they will give me the best price for the product . Thank you Amazon .
 I have enjoyed this bluetooth . It came fast ! A + + + + + service .
 Great item for half the price as my cell phone store . Delivery is a bit slow .
 Works great , simple to link up , doesnt fall off easily . Received quickly and with all the good stuff ! Would recommend A + + +
 i just love this headset . Works great on the road . The price was the best thoough ; the headset , car charger and travel charger was only 28.00 and the chargers charge my Motorola Razr also . How great can that be.Jennifer , 24 , GA
 Love the Bluetooth . Since I use my cellphone as my long distance phone , it has been great when I talk to family . I can go about doing things around the house and still talk . I would highly recommend it . Also when I 'm driving , I 'm hands free from my phone .
 I am very happy with the size and style of the headset . The only thing i am not totally happy with is all the background noise that can be heard by whomever you are talking to . But i would still recommend it .
 Works well . I wish it had a few more features , but overall a good product .
 Works Great charge last about three to five days depends on how much I use it . It has a long rang of about 45 to 60 ft. The only bad thing is it is sometimes hard to hear in the car .
 look sleek and style and cheap . Cost $ 50 in fry but only $ 32 at amazon .
 I do not think I would be to happy with this headset if I had paid the `` Motorola price '' as it is a pretty basic unit with average sound quality . But , it works well with my RAZR and is easy to use .
 I recieved my headset in a very timely manner . It was in great condition . I will shop there again
 I had this ear piece before and withtin months , it broke . . But I decided to take a chance and buy it again . So far I have n't had any problems with it . . It 's in very good condition just like it was when I received it
 Estoy totalmente satisfecho con la compra de este auricular . El tiempo de entrega del proveedor se cumpli&oacute; y el equipo es una maravilla . No pesa pr&aacute;cticamente nada , su recepci&oacute;n y volumen de escucha son muy buenos . Ampliamente lo recomiendo .
 This device works easily and solves the problem of a painful ear when conversations are lengthy . Also , for a car trip , it allows hands free phone service . I like technology and this is a great example .
 I like the blue tooth . It fits the ear well and stays on all day if needed . I would recommend this headset .
 Pros - good price , works great with my RAZR phone , seems to have relatively long battery life . Cons - sound quality , volume , the headset can be hard to hear in environments with background noise . Overall - a good product , but it might not be the right choice if you always have to make and receive calls in areas with a lot of background noise .
 Pros
 This is my first wireless headset and I love it ! I am hooked , it is so easy to use , great for the car or for when your hand are busy . Never had any static echo or anything wrong , sound is great volume plenty , no one I have talked to has had a hard time understanding . The only thing I have struggled with a tiny bit is the fit . I have small ears and I Have a hard time fitting it snuggly . I do have to use both hands to get it in so it is not wobbly .
 A Freind of mine had this headset and let me barrow it . I tried it and I liked it . He bought his at Wal-Mart for 64 dollars . So I ordered two headsets one for my wife and one for me on the internet for 54 dollars and some change . I was disappointed on how they worked . If I had the cell phone in the right pocket and the headset in the left ear I would get static . I did not remember this happing with my friends headset . I tried my wifes hedset and the same thing . So I asked my friend for his again to make a side by side comparision . On his the sound quality was much better and no static for a good 15-20 feet . Also when you push the buttons and hear a tone the tones on his headset were much louder then the ones I ordered . Yet when you put them side by side they look identicle . The packaging was identicle . They were both the same modle number . I give my friends headset 4 stars . I give the two I ordered 1 star . My friend had the same headset for his wife and I tried it with the same results . Soo Motorola whats the deal ! Either someone is making a latta money off you or you have lowered your standerds . This also explains why there are soo many mixed reviews on the same model headset . I returned my 2 headsets and bought them from Wal-Mart . They work the same as my friends .
 This is my thrird and best unit so far . Great sound , size and price .
 Of all bluetooths I have ever used , the Motorola H500 works the best . All other bluetooths did not work as well . Always had some kind problem with them . Since the H500 is an older model , I purchased several to have on hand .
 I am unable to use the `` newer style '' Bluetooth headsets that wedge into your ear due to fibromyalgia syndrome -LRB- causes extreme pain in side of face -RRB- . These are good dependable headsets . I always have to so while one is charging I can use the other.Last one died after two years of heavy use -LRB- 2,000-5 ,000 minutes a month -RRB- . I have another that is 4 years old and has been thru a full wash/dry cycle -LRB- left it in pocket -RRB- and ironically still works good -LRB- not as good as new one but still acceptable -RRB- . For the money these are a good deal and MUCH more comfortable than the headsets in retail stores . In the past I used these on misc LG phones and a iPhone 3GS . Currently I am using it with a iPhone 4 and do n't have any problems .
 This is every bit as good a quality and easy to use as the same product purchased from a mobile phone company . It 's very easy to connect to a Bluetooth mobile product and seems to hold a pretty decent charge .
 This was purchased in 2010 for a family member who uses it daily for his work . And , as far as I know , there are no complaints . If he is still using it , then I would think it is still working very well .
 The product is great . It allows me to talk without my hands having to hold the telephone . I have n't had many problems with it , though as all other headsets , you need to have your phone nearby -LRB- you ca n't leave the phone on a desk in one room and walk off with the headset on your ear -RRB- . Great idea , and good product .
 This is the third bluetooth headset which I am purchasing recently . I returned the Motorola H3 Razr and scala r500 headsets . This one is far better than the above two and has a very good call quality . The razor headset is bulky and the sharp edge pointing towards the ear from the charging socket really hurts your ear when you press the button . Scala was made out of cheap plastic and very bad sound quality . I am giving five stars to this because it gives a very good battery life and I am able to use this one even in noisy environments . Also , this is very comfortable to wear .
 Replaced that crappy BodyGlove device with this one . Better reception -LRB- although a slight echo -RRB- but very easily trained . Overall a good value , a keeper .
 I bought two of these . One fits over my ear perfectly while the second unit takes a little more time to secure because the ear hook is kind of loose . They 're both plenty loud enough , clear reception , good range -LRB- phone can be two rooms away -RRB- , and people on the other side of the call say they could n't tell I was on a headset.Great performance considering the price paid .
 Works just as advertised . Only downfall is music cant be played over the headset , but the sound quality and battery life is excellent .
 I have been using the Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset for a few months now and I am very satisfied with it . I like this headset since it has a nice futuristic style to it . Also it uses the same charger as my Motorola V3 . My wife said that my voice actually sound much clearer and louder when I use my V3 with the Headset connected . Also because it is a Bluetooth device I was able to connect it with my laptop and voice chat with ease . What a great product!Regards to it wireless range I believe I was able to go across the next room -LRB- about 15 feet -RRB- without losing the connection . I agree with most of the people here , it does feel loose when you put it on . It would be better if the loop that hooks over your ear were bendable , then it would be perfect ;--RRB- . Anyway , I am very happy with this product .
 My experience is that this gadget is excellent , mainly when you are driving and also wearing it as you work in your job .
 ESTE TIPO DE BLUETOOTH ES MUY PRACTICO YA QUE NO HAY NECESIDAD DE INTRODUCIRSELO EN EL OIDO ASI EVITANDO ALGUN TIPO DE DA&N tilde ;O O INFECCION EN LOS MISMOS , SE ADAPTA MUY BIEN A LA OREJA , YO LO COMPRE PORQUE TENIA UN MODELO ANTERIOR QUE ERA UN POCO MAS GRANDE Y ME FUNCIONO EXELENTEMENTE .
 I would recommend this product any day . It works just perfect and just as advertised . This is a good buy .
 My husband and I got these at the same time , the sound -LRB- both outgoing and incoming -RRB- is crisp and clear for the most part . However , I have a tendancy to speak softly and have to talk louder to be heard well . It 's very comfortable and will slide into a pocket or in the pouch of a purse with no problem . However , while it fits well on his ear - it tends to dangle on mine , do n't lean your head . For this reason I would drop the rating to a 3 but because of it 's durabiity I 'll bring it back up to a 4 . As far as durability ... I put my husbands through an entire wash cycle while doing laundry -LRB- remember it fits well in the pocket -RRB- . Once it dried out , it worked and continues to work fine .
 Clear crisp sound . Good size for the ear and good quality . The only thing is that it does not let you put it on your left ear . Oh , well .
 I 've had this several months . Works as it 's supposed to . Volume could be louder . Feels not that secure on the ear but has yet to fall off . Pairs easily with my slvr7 . I 've worn it for hours and it 's not uncomfortable .
 I expect something to withstand the occasional drop or two , but this headset absolutely amazed me with what it withstood recently . I was at a water park with my headset on and accidentally took a spill into the water completely submerging the unit for about 1-2 seconds ; usually this would be instant death to any electronic device but this little thing actually kept working for a while . I eventually noticed that it had shut it self off , but after a couple of days I plugged it in to charge just to see if it would work and it did ! the head set works as if nothing happened to it . The only reason that it received 4 stars instead of 5 is because I think that the volume output could have been higher . Other than that , I have no complaints about this head set .
 I like this device because of the light weight ease of use . Without an earpiece to go into the ear or cup the ear openeing , it is a little hard to hear while driving on the freeway . The distance is good , I can walk into the next room and have no reception issues .
 I have paired this with an unlocked RAZR , and so far they both have worked great -LRB- 2 months -RRB- . It fits well on both ears , not so big , and the voice quality is very good . I also found the price from amazon , really competitive
 Everything arrived in a timely fashion and works well . There 's a bit of a learning curve for this 59 yr . old but my 30 yr.old son has one -LRB- that he paid twice as much for ! -RRB- and he can use all the bells and whistles easily !
 This headset is light , comfortable to wear and easy to set up . I love not dealing with tangling wires and the Amazon price was $ 20 less than ordering fromthe manufacturer .
 The Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset was easy to setup , and pair with my Blackberry phone , and my laptop . When fully charged it can last all day , which is very useful as I use it for receiving and making Skype calls . There does seem to be noise on the connection , when used with my TRENDnet Bluetooth USB Adapter , but I suspect this is the adapter and not the headset , because I do n't get the same noise when I use it with my Blackberry .
 I would buy from them again . They were truly concerned about my satisfaction as a customer !
 I was expecting more , got less oh well , got it cheap only 25 $ thru Amazon . If you want good quality of a voice output better look elswhere.Noise cancelation needed : - -RRB-
 Works great . The on/off and other functions take a little getting used to . Wish on/off was just a separate switch . If you do n't hold it down long enough to turn it off , it does a re-dial .
 I needed a BT headset for the longest time ... since I never used one and was getting worried that I may get busted one day . I saw this on Gold Box and ordered it immediately for $ 15 ... how could you go wrong?It is intended for use primarily with a Blackberry Javelin -LRB- 8900 -RRB- . It paired quickly has held a charge for 2.5 days thus far -LRB- light-moderate usage -RRB- . My opinion is that it does what it should at its price point and I was not expecting a miracle.If you are looking for a BT set that has loads of noise canceling and voice detection . . then this is not for you . Look for a Jawbone by Aliph ... The H500 is a model that has been around a long time and is perfect for my needs . I just wish it were a bit louder and thus I am giving it a 4/5 . Great value , great item .
 I was very uneasy about buying this headset but the reviews were great for it which convinced me to purchase it . I am very glad that I did . I use it with a Blackberry 8800 and people that I have told that I am using this headset have all said that it sounds better then when I just use the BB to speak . I can hear people on the headset even with my windows down in my truck and on the highway . Now of course if the wind is really strong I ca n't hear that well but that is with any phone.If I needed two or three I would choose this headset again especially for the price .
 I requested this product and I could not believe the price and excellent shipping time . I have used it for 1 month and it is just great .
 I do n't think that the headset is any noisier than a typical cell phone , I think I just got spoiled by my phone 's built-in noise reduction . It works , the `` call '' button does what you think it should do -LRB- either pick up the phone , or start up the voice-dialing process , which works pretty well -RRB- , and the volume buttons also do what you think they should do . It 's pretty comfy on my ear too.Haven ' t run out of battery yet , but I 've talked for 4-5 hours before recharging , and it still did n't run out . I think it 's rated for 10 hours ... have n't tried that yet .
 This was my third headset in 6months , so I think maybe my ears are an issue.This had great sound quality , although I found it cumbersome to click at times -LRB- but then I only had it a month -RRB- . The ear piece never fit comfortably on my ear and as a result , today , I lost it within minutes after using it . I did not feel it while wearing dangling earrings .
 In comparison to some other headsets the H500 is on the inexpensive end of the scale . But for the money you get a great headset that I 've never had a single problem with . With my BlackBerry Curve 8330 I 've never lost a connection . The volume is great on the H500 . You can turn it up to a deafening level -LRB- not that I recommend doing so -RRB- . Even in a noisy car it sounds good . I also appreciate the sturdy ear support
 I bought this headset three years ago and still do not have any problems with it . It works as good as it did the first time I used it . No regrets here !
 MOTOROLA -LRB- MOT98750 -RRB- H500 Black Bluetooth headsetI bought this about a year ago . Great reception , fits nice on the ear , holds a charge for several hours . If I ever need to replace it , I 'll buy the same thing . Ca n't say enough about it .
 I ordered this headset for my mother , and it was exactly what she wanted and exactly what I expected . It 's the perfect size and very easy to use .
 This device was for my low-tech wife who needed `` easy to use '' and for occasional use . This set turned out to be perfect . Fits well and stays on without problem , assuming your not moving faster than a walk . Connected quickly to her M510 phone . Good range and clear sound .
 I 've been using this 4-6 hours a day for 3 months . I works great for podcasts from my razr . Surprizingly good battery life . My only gripe is that the clip is about to fail from me changing it from right ear to left ear.Plus , very stylish and quite comfortable . I think everyone will be wearing these soon .
 This is good quality . You can hear very well , but it does n't sit in your ear all that well .
 This product is good ... battery life is great , the only problem is voice recognition does not always work ... so I have to dial from the phone instead of via the bluetooth . Other than that ... it 's great .
 This product works great I have not have any problems since ive had the bluetooth its great for me with work and the price was unbelivable an average of $ 30 something i spent and Target and Best Buy had the same excat product for $ 70.00
 I have 5 months with my Bluetooth Headset and i think is an excellent product . I use it to speak with my cell phone and Computer -LRB- MSN and Skype -RRB- and it works perfectly . The sound is great and the mic too . Recommended 100 %
 good looking , easy to oppperate , do the job , light on the earfare price .
 The Motorola H500 is a very good unit . It has excellent sound quality and is easy to operate . The only negative thing is it does hurt the ear after wearing it for awhile .
 Have to charge it frequently , but that is to be expected ! I love it as you can give it commands and it dials the numbers for you.Awesome !!!!
 I was a little sceptical of these headsets considering the bad reviews of people who use them , but I was pleasantly surprised . It has great quality sound and very easy to set up and use . At times it picks up too much ambiant noise , but overall it is a great product .
 I 'm satisfied with it , but , had privately hoped it would be louder than it is -LRB- seems to be somewhat easily drowned out in noisy environments -RRB- . Oh well ... aside from that , it functions in every way as expected .
 i just got my moto bluetooth h500 todaythe sound quality isnt the best but what can you expect for only $ 70 i am still learning all the functions it has soo many and only three buttons it fits on my ear and i have tiny ears i have only tooken it off 1 after the first 4 hours cuz it got irratated but all in all it is an okay phone and for the price it is well worth it i would definitly pick this one if you are looking for an average sizeall-in-allPros
 It had came in a box and inside was this protection air bag and the bluetooth was in it 's package . it was brand new . i have n't used it yet . cause I need a phone . but if it does work . I 'll write another review .
 Good product , sits well on ear . Sound quailty is good on my end , sounds just like a normal call , however i do hear some complaints of screeching noises from the person im talking to . Overall , im pleased though . The product arrived extremely fast -LRB- about 3 business days -RRB- .
 This is an excellent product ! Sound is great , very little background noise . Only wich is , it to come with or have a case you could buy for it . When you pack it in a suitcase or briefcase , something would hit the button and ends up losing it 's charge . Other than that it 's a great product .
 It is a good headset , but I have some difficulties with `` conect '' it to my ear , I have the felling that the headset will fall of everytime .
 Works well with some phones . Sometimes it drops the connection , but I think it 's my Blackberry . If it 's windy or noise , people on the other complain about hearing me .
 Have had this product before and really , really like it . Sound and quality are excellent , it 's easy to use and comfortable to wear .
 Motorola may have evolved the perfect set of operation instructions coupled to simple feedback sounds and lights with the H500 . Plus the 3 buttons are easy to operate because they are large enough and in convenient locations though they could benefit from being less smooth/easier to feel with some tactile bumps . I also had the latest Logitech `` Mobile Traveller '' headset to compare to which had confusingly complicated feedback sounds and light patterns and difficult buttons and fewer functions -LRB- no hold -RRB- . I paired the headsets to a Motorola Razr V3 for testing . ----- The wind-cancelling technology and greater volume capability were the only advantages missing from the H500 . Under noisy conditions such as in a car or crowd of people , the H500 could benefit from greater volume capability so that you can hear better . ----- I tested the headsets by calling a credit card voice response system for uniform responses . With the slightest bit of wind noise from a fan , the H500 mike can not pick up your voice at all while the Logitech had no problem . It may be that the H500 mike is so extremely sensitive it gets overloaded by noise and wind and this limits pickup in those conditions . ----- I tested voice quality by recording on the phone 's voice recorder and by calling my answering machine , then listening to the results . The H500 seems to provide the whole audio range where the Logitech seems focussed more toward the high end . This means that if you have a deep male voice it sounds more natural from the H500 , but you will be more understandable and less muffled sounding from the Logitech which gives your voice a thinner and higher sounding quality . ----- The H500 is not as secure on my ear -LRB- which is of the sticking out variety -RRB- , but it wo n't come off even if you shake your head upside down . Plus , this makes it very comfortable -LRB- you forget you 're wearing it -RRB- and easy to hook it on and off with one hand . I could not put on the Logitech without 2 hands -LRB- and a mirror -RRB- and a lot of rotation adjustments and then after wearing it for a while , it would slowly start to pinch and hurt . ----- The construction of the H500 is all quality plastic and soft rubber against the ear instead of cheap foam covering which cruds up and shreds . ----- The electronic range is fantastic and I believe this strong signal connection is important if any interference factors are nearby . I am able to hear people quite clearly at distances away from the phone where they stated my voice is completely lost . In listening to recordings , it does seem that the H500 adds some electronic noise -LRB- like static or popping -RRB- compared to talking on the phone directly . ----- The headset 's ringing tune is `` Flight of the Valkyries '' by Wagner , which I think is cool . The Razr phone itself reverts to a simple call alert sound when a headset is connected.Now here is that perfect operation set : STATUS ----- ACTION Button ----- RESULTSwitched Off ----- Hold until steady light ----- Pairing modeSwitched Off ----- Hold until tones up ----- turns OnSwitched On ----- Hold until tones down ----- turns OffOn Standby ----- Press -LRB- beep -RRB- ----- Voice DialOn Standby ----- Hold until 2nd tone ----- RedialIncoming Call ----- Press -LRB- beep -RRB- ----- Answer callIncoming Call ----- Hold until 2nd tone ----- Reject callOn a Call ----- Press -LRB- beep -RRB- ----- End callOn a Call ----- Hold until 2nd tone ----- Hold callOn a Call ----- Press both Volume ----- Mute/Unmute callCall Waiting ----- Press -LRB- beep -RRB- ----- End 1 , Answer 2Call Waiting ----- Hold until 2nd tone ----- Hold 1 , Answer 2On 2nd Call ----- Hold until 2nd tone ----- Switch CallsOn 2nd Call ----- Hold both Volume ----- Join 3-way call
 I have a Motorola e815 , and was using a Motorola hs850 headset -LRB- see my review -RRB- . That headset was compact and easy to use , but felt very wobbly , and the sound quality -LRB- especially receiving volume -RRB- left something to be desired . I got the h500 , and I really love it!First , it 's volume is much better than my previous headset . When the environment is noisy , I can hear my call ! The transmitter is about the same quality-not as good as a wired unit , but good enough to be heard on the other end . A big plus here is that when the phone rings , there is a tone in the headset when it 's one also . The HS850 did n't have one , and if you miss the ringtone , you miss the call . This backup tone has alerted me several times before I was aware of the phone itself.Second , the earpiece is better designed and more comfortable . It has a small notch that fits over the front curve of your ear , that aligns the mic on your ear . The earpiece , while thin , does n't feel as flimsy as my previous Motorola , which always felt like it was ready to flop around at the slightest motion . While it 's not rock solid , it feels much more secure.Third , it has a mute feature , handy for those times when you need it.Finally , the finish is great . The on/off button is surrounded by chrome , and the plastic body looks metallic . The finish exudes quality . Pairing this unit was ultra simple . I do n't have talk/wait times yet , but I love this headset . It would be perfect if it had a battery indicator or caller ID feature . It 's a keeper .
 Since purchasing my Razr , I 've done some extensive shopping and comparison to improve upon my Motorola H820 Bluetooth headset . After trying a couple other popular brands , I 've purchased this model and am very happy with it.For Razr owners , the H500 uses the same charging attachment as the Razr , which is a HUGE plus . The button placement is simple and easy to master . I had no problems whatsoever getting the headset to connect with my phone or using it to place calls.Sometimes less is more -- that 's certainly the case with this little Bluetooth headset . It 's the best all-around value in a Bluetooth headset , especially for use with a Razr .
 Bought two of these yesterday . Pink one for the lady and grey for me.Voice quality , both incoming and outgoing is excellent . So light , you can wear it for hours w.o. a problem - you forget it is there . Volume is definitely loud - but can be adjusted , if you want.We are using it w. SE r520m phones - first generation -LRB- `` years '' ago -RRB- that had BT built-in . I had bought a Cardo `` Allways '' head set in 12/03 . It was so cumbersome , neither of us really used it . It was uncomfortable.I can see I 'll be using this most of the day . I am a heavy cel phone user - 2000 min . / mo. - mostly day time.I find it strange in reading reviews of these items that some find a model to be quite good in a feature -LRB- eg . volume -RRB- and others find the same model unacceptable . Since no two people have the same size OR shape ears , probably a headset should be tried on for fit before purchase - just like you would a pair of shoes ... mt
 Okay , I 'll admit it
 I bought this headset to complement my new LG PM-325 from Sprint . I 'm an extreme gadget lover , and the features of the H500 really appealed to me , as did the fact that it does n't have any type of boom mic that you have to deal with to use it.Upon receiving the unit , which came packed in a standard blister pack type of package , I opened it up and began exploring -LRB- thanks for NOT using one of those hard to open packages , Motorola ... I did n't have to risk bodily harm to get to my new toy -RRB- . The AC adapter that comes with the unit is small , has folding prongs , and fits easily into my laptop bag . There are several pieces of literature , one of which is a fold out micro-poster that explains very clearly how the H500 works , and what the various button combinations do as well as what the visual/audio feedback signals mean.The unit charged up quickly and then paired with my PM-325 without a hitch . Pressing the multipurpose button is met with a responding beep , and then the voice of my phone asking for a name to dial . After making several test calls , and 1 legitimate call , I am rather impressed.The H500 sounds clear , fits securely and comfortably on my average-sized ear , with a clever swing-out ear hook that is on a sturdy hinge . The only disappointment , which perhaps can be attributed in part or whole to my PM-325 , is that the range seems to be about half that of the stated 30 feet . I plan on using this in my car , or just around my apartment with the phone near , so this is not a problem for me.Overall , I am more than impressed with this unit and highly recommend it . I 'm currently researching a Motorola IHF1000 Hands Free car kit for this phone , as this relatively inxpensive headset has impressed me that much . -- Update -- My PM-325 died . I bought a RAZR V3m , and this headset really began to shine . I can walk entirely around my 1,000 sq ft apartment with not even so much as a crackle . This headset also lives in my car 90 % of the time ... I charge it maybe once a month , and it gets at least 2 hours of use per week .
 The Motorola H500 is a very well made and full featured headset . The sound quality is amazing , much better than most wired headsets . The sound is crisp and clear , with very little distortion . The unidirectional microphone is good at cutting out background noise . Most people think that I 'm on a landline ! The user guide looks more like a quick start guide , but IMHO it 's well written . This would seem to be enough guidance for most people , I mean it 's just a headset . It 's also very tiny , feels great on the ear , and it 's a perfect visual match to shiny silver phones , especially the Motorola RAZR . Also of note is the fact that this headset uses the new Moto mini USB charging port -LRB- like the one on the RAZR -RRB- . So people with Motorola phones that use the old style charging port will have to carry 2 chargers when traveling . Other than that , it 's a great headset and highly recommended .
 Its a good headset ... have this for a month . Made pretty good in terms of construction , not flimsy . Fell out of pocket on the concrete yet did not hurt . Its small and attractive.User Manual is bad ... does not describe anything properly . Since it has a multi function button , it will take time to figure out how to use it but it works.Sound quality is better than previous models but not enough.Connection quality is good ... thou it dropped the signal once when it was only 1 feet away . . but again its once.Connects pretty fast to the phone . Fits well on the ear.Battery life is very good . Once the phone is paired with the headset and phone bluetooth connection is ON , u can switch off the headset to save battery . When the phone rings , u can press the MFB -LRB- multi function button -RRB- on the headset for 2 sec to connect fast and then u can take call . This is the best feature which will save both phone battery as well as headset battery as u do not have to switch ON the headset always ... just keep the phone bluetooth connection switched ON . This works the way HS850 works when the boom mic is closed -LRB- disconnects headset -RRB- and when open connects it .
 I wanted a mid-level headset -- something that would sound good and have a decent battery life but not break my bank . I 've been happy with this headset . It is my first bluetooth gadget , and so far so good . It is light and comfortable , even with my glasses on , and I forget that I 'm wearing it sometimes . Often times , other people ca n't tell either because it gets hidden under my hair . I 've asked people on the other end of the line if it sounds okay , and they could n't tell I was using a headset . They said it sounded the same as the phone itself -- no echo , no choppiness , or at least not anything more than on any other cellphone calls .
 Good sound quality . Easy to pair . Build quality is goood and I expect will withstand the rigors of office life . Biggest benefit -LRB- to me at least -RRB-
 For the most part it 's a great little device . It 's certainly nice to be able to walk around hands free especially during those long conference calls . And it works great with my BlackBerry ! It 's not so great when you do n't already have it turned on and synced up with your device . Takes me forever to turn it on , sync it and stick it over my ear . Just keep it turned on so you 're ready to take the call !
 The Motorola H500 headset is a great piece of equipment . I use it mainly in the car as it allows me hands-free operation . It looks great and the volume is loud enough that I do n't have to continually adjust it .
 My friend who works at a cell phone store recommended this one to me . It is loud and clear . I am an Audio tec guy so when i say it 's loud it 's loud ! It 's also super stupid to walk around with it in your ear , so take it out when your not using it , i hate people who wear this stupid thing in their ear . . GOD !
 I bought the blue tooth headset for my husband . At first he could n't figure out how to use it but once he did he loves it !! They only thing I do n't like is it can pick up every sound when he is on the phone but other than that it is great .
 I love this thing ! Its small and easy to use I thought I purchased the black version pictured but they sent the silver , other than that the product worked great easy to hear and speak . This is fun to use because its so small people think Im talking to myself pretty often.Great Product Once again !
 I bought this for my sister so she could do more hands free driving and talking . Connected real easy and works great . I prefer the folding mic on my ear piece but she likes her pink one .
 Received my bluetooth within 5 days . Packaged nicely in a strong box . Am charging it now so I can start using it . I love this model , as it is so comfortable you forget you are wearing it .
 Works as expected . It sync 'd with my phone easily . Set up is a snap . Instructions were good . Sound quality is good . Fit my ear well.Only thing keeping my rating from 5 stars is some periodic issues connecting on the first power one -LRB- sometimes takes two -RRB- , and an occasional delay in pressing the button and picking up a call . Can be annoying as I 've pressed twice thinking it did n't pick up initially , only to disconnect the caller when both presses are recognized .
 I love this headset ! It 's light and people say it sounds good . I only wish it did n't turn on so easily . When I 'm not using it I put it in my pocket where it gets turned on frequently . I suppose the button gets depressed momentarily when I 'm doing things . Otherwise it 's great !
 This is the standard headset that my office utilizes . It has great reception and it 's compact size makes for easy use . I highly recommend .
 I had a very good experience with h500 . Infact i regret sometimes why it didnt buy before . We use to have calls for an hr or so . It is very easy to take a call on this . One day we had call for 5 hrs and it didnt die out . It was working perfectly fine without any issue.Distance wise if u go from one room to other u may lose clarity . so u need to be near phone even if u dont hold the same .
 I have n't had any trouble with this headset . It is easy to setup and operate . The battery lasts all day -LRB- so far -RRB- . Easy to answer , voice dialing and last number redial are helpful for my job .
 This is my first wireless headset . I 've had it for about 3 months and use it during my daily drive to work . Sound is n't perfect , but for phone call it is more than adequate on both ends.I bought the RAZR phone for both the voice dialing and bluetooth headset option . Wanted to stay with Motorola and the H500 was a great price . Set up is simple . Pairs up easily and stays in sync . Has never dropped me , even up to 15-20 + feet away with a wall between . Sometimes the voice commands -LRB- `` call Mom '' -RRB- seem confused -LRB- it replies `` Did you say , Call Nelson ? '' -RRB- but I think that is the phone more that the headset.Fits lightly , barely know its on . Even got the wife to use it -LRB- she is not a techy -RRB- and she felt very comfortable wearing and talking into it.I do n't have any problems with the buttons although some reviewers feel they are too small.Negative
 Headset works ok , range from phone is great , battery life is great . The volume buttons dont seem to work properly . They click oddly , volume up is easier to press than the volume down .
 I was very pleased with my order . Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised . I will be buying again . . BEING AN ARMY FAMILY WE ONLY WANT THE BEST AND THIS PAST OUR TEST . .
 It works fine . Just have a hard time with turning it on and off.Not sure when the device is completely off .
 I love this bluetooth device . I am new to using a bluetooth . I can hear calls clearly , and callers have been able to hear me .
 I have heard horror stories about low cost bluetooth ear pieces . This is very simple to configure and I am told sound quality that is outgoing is great . On my end it sounds perfect . Stop searching , this thing is awesome and comfortable .
 I am very pleased with my bluetooth . It is simple to use and works great !
 This extremely light-weight , strong signal receiving capability and widely compatible headset is perfect for what its job is . Great battery life - usually i would go 3 days without having to charge it.ALso , some headsets need to be reconnected if the signal drops or you walk away from the phone with the headset plugged to you ear - NOT this one . For one it has very good range i 'd say about 30 meters . And it reconnects as soon as you walk back to the phone.Finally , the best part , it is so light , i literally would forget -LRB- not after getting used to but from day 1 -RRB- that i have this plugged to my ear from 8 am to 11 pm on many a days .
 My recent purchase of the H500 headset has been in my estimation a good buy . While not the highest end of the headsets , and I am told that I occasionally sound like I am speaking from inside a tunnel , I find that my headset works very well . I hear everyone just as clearly as if my phone was to my ear . The touch controls are simple to use and it has good battery life . Again my only problem with the item seems to be that to others it seems that I am speaking through a tunnel . Otherwise it was a fine purchase .
 Simply put , the H500 is a cheap , dependable , slightly ugly device that will do the job , but has little in the way of extras . But how much do you need in a headset?Pros : - Cheap-dependable-durable - I 've dropped/stepped on it a few timesCons : - Flashing `` bling light '' can get a little distracting-in cold/windy environments its sound quality gets to the tin can on a string point-silicone earpiece held on with a tiny dab of glue - had to reattach it-kinda ugly-flies off if you have to run or turn your head quickly
 I had heard many a disappointed person discussing their bluetooth headsets so I expected the worst . Instead I got the best hands free device I 've ever owned . I 've thrown out most of the wired earpieces I 've owned but this is light , dependable , long lasting device . Voices are clear and I 've rarely gotten any echo when speaking . I 've been pleasantly surprised on this purchase . I bought my husband the same headset and he also has no complaints .
 I paid about $ 35 for my H500 and used the free shipping option . That is a savings of about $ 24 if you were to go to your local mobile phone supplier . I am happy with my device . I do n't have any complaints . I do n't understand the complaints of other people about this device . Perhaps those that are complaining received a faulty device from the factory , but there should n't be any complaints . If it does n't work correctly or as you expect , there is something wrong with that specific device not the model in general.This device fits well . This device works well . This device is easy to operate . This device connects easily . This device disconnects easily . This device is easy to get used to.I spent a few minutes reading over the directions that come with the device and it was enough for me to use this device fully to satisfy my need for it .
 i like the service i got and everything went well
 This headset is comfortable and light weight and has clear sound . I did have to return it once when I first got it though . As will any electronics , no item is perfect for everyone . Try on any headset you are thinking of buying . Not everyone 's ears are the same size so what might be great for me could be lousy for you . With the first headset I bought , people told me they heard a loud echo , but after exchanging it for another one of the exact same model , I did n't get any more complaints . The second headset also fit a bit better . From what I found no two headsets , even if they are the same model will fit or work exactly the same . I do love the convenience of not having a wire to worry about .
 I work in HVAC/R and I 'm constantly calling manufacturers and supply companies . This way I can call and work/write simultaneously .
 I have never found any headset that I have to put inside my ear to be comfortable . I just wish I could listen to music through this headset as well .
 I needed a new bluetooth , I already had another motorol . However , it was too big for my ear . This one H500 is just the right size . No more slipping off my ear .
 I had a bluetooth like this previously and I liked it!I ordered another one because I lost my previous one.And it was a little cheaper than the first one . It arrived on time and in good condition . My previous experience with it was good just at certain times the volume was low.It fits good behind your ear and can be easily switched for either ear .
 I bought this bluetooth for my wife and she loves it , the sound is really clear and light weight not heavy for the ear plus it looks real nice !
 good blue tooth set , works great for me ! charges fast , pairs with my phone well ... but it does n't stay on my ear very well ... other than that , this works great !!!
 I bought an H500 a few years ago when it first came out . It was plagued with low volume and poor connection . After using a nokia bluetooth for the last year I got this one again because of the no cell phone laws in California as of July 1st . This headset is plenty loud with my Sony Ericsson T650i and I have n't had it drop the bluetooth connection yet . The volume sits a little below half and I can hear perfectly in the car . Battery life rocks and voice clarity is a lot better than I remembered it with the first H500 .4 out of 5 stars because the ear clip is flimsy and does n't allow the H500 to sit tightly against your ear . So if you 're planning on using this while running or during an intense walk - do n't count on it.Definitely recommend this as a great bluetooth device . Ca n't go wrong with the price !
 This Bluetooth does the job at minimal cost . Can be a useful addition to driving safety if used carefully . Ideally one uses it with voice activated dialing , so that one need not mess with dialing , especially when driving . One can simply say a name into the Bluetooth and be automatically connected . Before you buy a Bluetooth enabled phone be sure it can do voice dialing .
 Bought it mainly for the price as a replacement to H350 that I lost . Liked the fact that the device is n't that big and that ear piece did n't have those flimsy plastic spacer like like other Moto bluetooth -LRB- foldable kind from the past that rips -RRB- . Good voice quality and not a bad bluetooth to phone connectivity .
 This is my first bluetooth headset so I do n't have anything to compare it to , but so far it seems to be pretty good . It 's small , very lightweight , and comfortable . It 's hard to judge the comfort of this device unless you try it yourself because everyone 's ear and head are different.I 'm using it with a Motorola Razr V3m from Verizon . It paired easily and quickly . The connection is a little crackly even right next to the phone , which surprised me , but it 's not so bad that it takes away from a conversation . Naturally , the further you get from your phone the reception deteriorates . Volume and clarity are fine and sound just like holding my phone up to my ear.Overall it 's a good headset and fine for my purposes . Only a few drawbacks
 This headset worked great with my Nokia earlier however I recently bought a blackberry and havent been able to hook it up with that ... I have tried everything possible to make it work with my blackberry pearl ... however it doesnt seem to work ... hence 4 stars . .
 Works great with my Motorola V3T RAZR , great sound quality , others can hear me fine even when not near my phone . My voice dial on my phone reconizes my name dials 99 % of the time even when in the car on the highway . And reconizes Digit Dials about 80 % of the time in the car and 95 % in a quiet room , even if it does n't get it the first time it is usually only one ot two numbers it missed . Great headset , particularly with my phone , and has n't dropped once yet and have used it a lot since I have got it . Still figuring out function key , but pretty easy to use .
 Very pleased with this purchase , excellent sound quality when speaking and listening . Also , the plug for the charger is sturdy and a good fit for the headset .
 Once you start talking on the phone using a Bluetooth Headset , you wo n't want to go back to holding a phone to your ear . The Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset is a must have . I use it with my RAZR and the sound quality is great . Voice dialing with the H500 is a piece of cake . I realize that it is a relatively new technology but I ca n't complain about it . It 's perfect for use in the car and works great for me and I have a manual transmission . I think I 'm getting about 8 hours of talk time on a charge ; well over a week on stand by . Pairing up with your RAZR is simple and takes about 30 seconds . One warning I have is to watch for knock offs on E-Bay . The H500 I bought from my cell phone provider works great , plays all the correct tones at all the correct times but I purchased what looks like a Chinese copy of one as a second for my house and it works but is unreliable . It played the wrong tones to identify a function and too many tones when they were n't required . I 'm wondering if some of the complaints about this device are n't related to knock off items .
 I bought this a week ago at a wholesale club and paid $ 20 more than the current price on Amazon . I bought this as an accessory for a Motorola v557 cellphone . I 've been pleased with both . The headset is lightweight and unobtrusive - even when wearing sunglasses . Definitely better than having a wire running from the earpiece to the phone . The sound quality is nice and it was easy to set it up for use -LRB- `` pairing '' -RRB- with my cellphone .
 Just puchased my H500 a week ago ... easy to setup and use -LRB- after my errors were corrected -RRB- on my Motorola V3 Razr . Very clear earphone and others state they can hear me just fine , I am able to walk in my backyard easily 35-40 ft away from the phone which of course is in my house , the H500 remains very clear and at a good volume . So far no mechanical problems , but hey it 's only a week old . Peace , Bruce ...
 We live in a rural area our cell phone gets poor service . We can hook up our Bluetooth and walk all over our house . So it does boost our signal . It works great while I 'm driving . I do agree it feel loose at times but it has yet to fall off . We love it over our old head set .
 From all the previous reviews I am assuming that there might be some compatability issue between the headset and some phones or maybe some of these just come bad . The one I recieved works great . I can hear people just fine , especially with the audio setting turned all the way up . Ive noticed that when I am in a loud room , often people have a hard time hearding me but in the quiet of my car I 've never had any complaints . For me , this headset has been worth its weight in gold .
 So I 've been reading the other reviews on this headset since I just bought the item and man , I 've never been so discouraged . However , from my own personal experience with this cool widget so far , everything is simple . The headset fits just fine on either ear , the reception is good -LRB- up to 30 ft -RRB- , and I 'm able to play my mp3 's through my headset , THAT was a plus . Everything else , easy as making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich ! Hopefully I do n't go through this echo effect that most of these other disgruntled customers are talking about .
 While this does n't have the range of the Nokia bluetooth headset i tried , it is vastly more comfortable . I 've used it with a Samsung t809 and had no issues with it over a couple days before this review . Range was about the 30 feet they are supposed to have , beyond that signal fading was rapid . Very light , easy to use and fortunately mid range signal tones .
 service was great and the product all I expected . Delivered quickly and the cost was much better than the one I bought elsewhere . I would recommend shopping here , based on my first experience with them . If this is their normal service it was great . signed Steve o
 This is a great little device . It was easy to hook up and simple to use . It does everything it is supposed to do and the battery lasts a long time.The price was right and I am very happy with this purchase .
 Is absolutely wonderful product . Not bulky , and fits nicely on ear . Sound is great . Inexpensive , great purchase .
 This product looks the same , works like it says it should , and lives up to my expectations exactly !
 The Motorola 500 Blue tooth works great with my Centro . I lost my old one and had to get a new one ...
 Great product ! I love being able to talk on the phone while doing something else . Not just for driving !
 Many people say that the person on the other side of the phone can not hear you very well but I think this is just a problem of how people place the headset on their ear.This product is more than definitively worth its price .
 I bought this headset because I was getting a lot of complaints of echo with my H300 . I had considered buying a Jawbone as many people claim that they have the best sound quality but I did n't like the way it fits over my ear as well as I do my H300 so I went with the H500 as they fit exactly the same way . Sound quality is much better than the H300 and the people I am talking to never even know that I am using a headset and I have had no complaints about echo . I do n't think you can beat this headset for the price .
 This blue tooth works fine except that every two weeks or so you have to re sync it to your phone . I use a Sprint Palm and for some reason it drops the link . No Biggie . GREAT sound quality .
 Unbeatable price . This bluetooth is simple yet has good quality . The voice recognition frustrates me at times , but that is n't the bluetooth 's fault . I originally had the H700 , but nobody could hear me with it . I now know it was because the mouthpiece was touching my cheek and had to be separated with something in between . Either way , the H500 is one of the lower priced bluetooth headsets and should definitely be bought from Amazon and not higher priced stores .
 This is my first experience with bluetooth technology . I am delighted with the reception and ease of use . Only comment is the ear piece is not adjustable for a better fit .
 I just love my Bluetooth.While I 'm driving or working at my desk or playing with my grandkids , the bluetooth becomes a life saver.It is very clear and has several neat actions.Like calling who you want for you , telling you the time of day.amd many more.This is deffinitely the one to get .
 I loooove this headset . It 's lightweight and comfortable with good sound quality on both ends -LRB- me and the caller . -RRB- You can adjust the volume and it charges quickly . Couple things though to keep in mind . First , you 'll need to practice a day or two to get the hang of using the call button and discerning the differences between the different tones . It controls several functions so it 's easy to accidentally disconnect a call when you really mean to answer call waiting , etc. . It 's not hard to do but you will need to be patient.Secondly , even though it says 30 feet I think you need to be within about 20 or you 'll get heavy static . I wear mine on my left ear - it was relatively easy to switch . I also like that it is discreet , not some long thing half way down my face . Maybe there is a tradeoff in quality but I do n't want to look like an air traffic controller . I use it in combination with speech recognition on my RAZR 3m which makes using it a pleasure . I am very satisfied but rating it 4 stars because you do have to practice with the call button a little and there 's no indicator light to let you know when the battery is getting low .
 This is my 3rd BT headset in last 1 year , and this one has the best sound quality so far . Voice does not crack at full volume , it does crack with H700 . The H500 is slightly heavier than H700 and not as comfortable for long talks -LRB- over 1 hour -RRB- . It connects fast with the handset without problem . This is perfect if you are new to the world of Bluetooth , highly recommended .
 I 've been seeking a replacement Bluetooth headset for my V3 Razr for a few weeks now to replace a Sony-Ericsson HBH-300 . When I returned my Plantronics Explorer to my retail store the sales rep suggested the Motorola H500 as a replacement . Having a headset is important to me because I drive a car that is a manual transmission . Yes , we 'd rather that people not drive while talking but I stay on the road enough that you and I are both safer if I 've got a headset . A headset without wires is also preferable so be thankful I use Bluetooth.The first thing that struck me about the H500 was that it used the same charger as my V3 . Given the multitude of car chargers I 've had to sport around lately this was almost the only selling point I really needed but there are other selling points if you can get beyond that fist , and oh so important convenience . There 's the size of the H500 . It 's small enough to not be intrusive . Of course I may be biased as I have a fairly large head so it may in fact dwarf smaller people but I find it comfortable.Pros : * Can use the same charger as your V3 -LRB- this is of course for V3 owners -RRB- * Small size * Good sound qualityCons : * The ear piece that fits over your ear . Because the connector is plastic where the ear piece connects to the unit I can see the day that this will eventually become stripped . * Wind is your enemy.Overall I can say that I 'm satisfied with my purchase of the H500 -LRB- especially at $ 44 factoring in the left over $ 10 gift card I had from CompUSA -RRB- and would recommend it to any other V3 user that 's looking for a Bluetooth solution that compliments their current handset with ease of use and having the ability to use your phone charger -LRB- car or home -RRB- to charge your Bluetooth headset .
 What more can you ask for . At the request of my girlfriend we each wanted to upgrade our phones as ours were severely outdated and starting to malfunction . We both updated to Razr V3c 's which came bundled with 3 chargers the H500 ear set and leather cases . Now maybe because of the bundle one can over look minor flaws . I have used the voice commands quite a bit and not one time have had it misdial . However , my girlfriend has had 1 issue because the two names sounded very similar . This happens with the phone itself or when using the headset and therefore , this can not be a flaw with the H500.Now , I was driving down the highway yesterday and my girlfriend had called me , also using her headset . With the windows closed , I could hear her perfectly and she could here me , when I opened the window , she experienced some `` choppiness '' as people are now referring to it . Well , because of the comfort , where the phone is not in your face and set back , I assume the mic has to be sensistive and therefore picking up more noise than other `` dooky '' headsets to capture the voice.Overall , I do not see this device to be a huge issue yet . I am a little nervous about losing battery power like another user had pointed out but I guess we 'll see .
 Either H500 owners who 've had bad experiences are just more prone to write reviews or Motorola has a quality control problem on the headset line . My H500 seems to work just fine . The sound quality is good on both ends of the conversation . It 's small , it 's light , AND it charges with the same mini-usb charger my RAZR V3 takes - a real advantage , as I only need to carry one charger when I travel . I really ca n't find anything wrong with this headset . That said , you should be overjoyed if your biggest problem this year is a faulty H500 .
 This is my first BT headset , after I got my Sony z525 BT phone , I want a BT headset to work with it , first I was skeptical how this little headset can do ? Then I decide to give it a try , here is my feedback ! 1 . Sound quality on both end is excellent , I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me ! 2 . I did have issue try voice dialing using headset -LRB- no problem voice dialing by phone -RRB- in the first couple days and I explore the internet and saw many other reviews voice dialing not working with their Sony cell phone , amazingly , after many days hard work , finally I got voice dialing working on my Sony phone ! Because sony cell phone voice recognition software is very picky , you need to be patient and make sure you wear headset to record voice command if you plan to use headset to vioce dial ! -LRB- If you have some issue like me , hope this will help ! -RRB-
 Charged it , plugged it in and my Blackberry recognized it immediately . Have had absolutely no problems would recommend to all those using Bluetooth
 extemely satisfied with this headset , especially the mute feature and ability to turn off the light which did not exist in Jabra BT 150 which I returned . This headset is built tough , is lightweight , and especially the earhook has a good grip on the ear . Even if u run it wo n't fall off the ear , this feature beats all other cheap brands of bluetooth headsets . U might find the H3 interesting as well , it was my first choice but I can get the H500 from cingular with rebates for abour 35 dollars but the H3 costs a lot more , I do n't there is a big difference .
 excellent product works as expected and customer service was as expected arrived by the time stated overall a very good deal
 I just purchased this bluetooth headset from amazon 2 days ago and I start to love it . First let me clear , this is a model more toward mid-low end on price scale , so you should not expect it to be like a $ 100 + fancy headset.But I will say , it is really worth the money that you are paying . I paired it with a Moto Razr and Sony Ericsson W810i , the voice quality is excellent on both incoming and outgoing . Volume maybe a little bit too low for some people though . It stayed tight and comfortably on my ear , but for people concerning about wheather it will stay stable or comfortable on your ear , I stongly recommand just ignore my opinion on those related issues ... simply because the shapes of our ears are all different . . there is no point to listen to other people ' s opinion . Borrow it from a friend or somewhere and try it on youself . This headset give you all the daily functions that you will expect on a headset , the range is about 20 feet , -LRB- you can still hear and talk in a further distance , but the quality drops -RRB- . After all , I am satisfied with this headset .
 The unit works all right . My boyfriend has n't used it much yet . The charging cord was very short . I thought it 'd be longer . Overall , I am pleased with my purchase .
 The headset works great and is easy to use . Programing it to my cellular phone was easy as well . A very good product indeed !
 Great headset . Does exactly what I want . I link it to my computer , I get audio on that and have hands free microphone . I connect it to my phone , it works as a headset there . Lightweight , sounds good , has great battery endurance . Not overly expensive . Not huge like an Xbox . Overall great product . Will buy again .
 I recieved the product very quickly , it is easy to sync , only issue is that callers complain of an echo when i have it on . Otherwise the range is great !
 A great device for the money . The sound is very clear and the reception is good . I would recommend this model for someone in the market for a Bluetooth
 great product . . and even the product arrived on time ... will do business again
 The headset works nice , sound quality is good . and I like its features for its size . The only cons - battery life . It runs out in about 3-4 hours for me , hence I only use when I receive a call . Works great with Skype on my laptop .
 got this because of the new law in california ... works great links to cell phone fast ... only thing it could have a little more weight to it ... sometimes it feels as if its not there at all ...
 Have had no problems with this unit . Works great . A bit confusing at first on the blinking light codes , but it becomes obvious as you use it .
 Mine is perfect for what I use it for , which is traveling back and forth to school . My trip is about five hours and my headset always last that long without draining my battery .
 This is a good Headset . Occassionally it is tempermental , but overall it has given me little trouble . The batterylife is good and recerption is generally pretty good .
 I bought one of these a few months ago because I had n't found a wired headset that I liked . I was sold on it as soon as I got it and recently purchased one for my wife .
 I 've had this headset for 6 months and have had no problems . It has been used indoors , outdoors , and in the car -- all with good results . The most challenging was when I adjusting the focus of a security camera standing outdoors on a 15 foot ladder , during that use there was some wind noise , but it was not intolerable . Just for the record , I 'm 49 years old with moderate high frequency hearing loss.Are there better headsets out there ? yes . But I 'm a satisfied user .
 This is my first attempt at a Bluetooth product and am very happy with the purchase . The directions are easy to follow and reading them thouroughly prior to my first use did make a difference in my experience with the headset . It did take me a few usages to become comfortable with it . I still call the last number dialed once in a while when turning the headset off because I 'm not holding the power button long enough . I use this for many conference calls and the battery life is terrific . A seperate on/off button apart from the dial button would be a nice improvement otherwise a great product .
 Product works well , is small , and seems to have a good range . Voice quality is good . I could n't tell my son was using it when he called me , although I would imagine that there would be background noise if using it in a noisy environment ; the microphone is sensitive .
 I love this head set , I 've had it for 7-8 months now and never had a problem with it . I use it mostly while driving because my SLVR is not easy to talk on while driving a 5-speed . The H500 is really easy to use I have never looked at the directions and figured everything out on my own . The only things that I wish it did better or at all are played the music ringtones that I have set on my phone / or even played the music -LRB- I have iTunes -RRB- programmed , was n't affected by the wind as much , and the volume was able to be turned up higher . But I still give it 5 stars based on it 's easy to use , it 's light weight -LRB- I constantly forget I 'm wearing it -RRB- , it fits well and does n't come off -LRB- I 've also got small ears , which makes these headsets hard to fit -RRB- and is over all a great ear piece .
 The good : Clear sound in a carSmall and lightEasy to connectShares a charger with other Motorola mini USB phonesThe battery life is good.Not so : Volume controls nearly impossible to locate and operate while the using - the time when you need them.Seems to have a bit of a problem picking up voice for voice-activated dialling -LRB- could be my Razr phone -RRB- So small it 's easy to lose -LRB- something I managed with the first one of these I had -RRB-
 This product is excellent , and for the price you could not find a better deal . I would definitely recommend this purchase to others , especially since I have purchased two others as gifts .
 I 've had this headset for a little over a month and a half and so far it works . I have no problem with the audio , and have had only one complaint about echoing when talking to someone . This headset is comfortable and relatively secure feeling as I move around . Pairing went without a hitch and was very easy to do.The only drawbacks are that it takes some getting used to having one button to do most anything . Also once in a while it will randomly shut off , a few times when I 've been talking . My calls are all personal , so it 's no big problem , but for someone who uses this headset for business it could be a potential problem . I personally do not find it enough of a problem to look for a different headset.Overall it 's good and works well for me , but has a couple of drawbacks that are a minor irritation , but could be major problems for other users .
 The H500 has super clear audio and long battery life , the only thing that I did n't like is that the fit on the ear is slightly loose , and the other person sometimes mention that I sound somewhat low , but that can be corrected by speaking up a bit . I highly recommend this earpiece .
 This is really a fine set for most regular conditions . However ; I drive semi and even though todays trucks are fairly quiet inside it 's still a bit too noisy for using while going down the road -LRB- Although I have no problem when I use it driving my personal vehicle down the road -RRB- . The biggest problem while on the road or any place where there 's some background noise is with the automatic dialing . Very seldom does it come across clear enough for the phone to recognise who it is you want to dial.The other problem is more prevelant when talking to someone on another cell phone . Sometimes it 's difficult for them to understand you while going down the road too . Although it does sometimes happen with land lines , I 've only had a couple incidents with those compared to several when talking with someone on another cell.I 've moved this unit home so I can use it in milder conditions and will be looiking for the Bluetooth headsets that have the mic on a stem that comes down to the mouth . My older headsets -LRB- Not Bluetooth -RRB- were that way and generally I had no problem being understood while on the road . But if you 're looking for a good headset for general every day use I think you get your money worth with this one ...
 I have two bluetooth headsets that I use for work , one primary , and one backup . My primary went out and I needed a new secondary so I found this Motorola H500 . It works great as if it was brand new even though it was refurbished . The sound and microphone is great.The only thing was that it had a few nics and abrasions on the outer portion of the unit but this is to be expected because it is refurbished .
 I 've had my H500 bluetooth headset for a couple of years . It works nicely but the amazing thing is my wife washed a jacket that still had the headset in one of the pockets . This was a commercial , front loading , heavy duty washer not your normal home washer set on warm . It went through the complete prewash , wash , and spin dry cycles.I let it dry , charged it up and it still works great ! Do n't know a better recommendation than that.P.S . it got it real clean too !
 I purchased this to take the place of my older version of a Motorola Bluetooth that did not work well w/my new Blackberry Bold . This one is perfect - the sound is just as clear as when not using a bluetooth . I am very pleased with the product , supplier & price !
 i love my bluetooth this was an excellent amazon seller im very happy fast shipping
 This ear piece is clear sounding and comfortable at a very easy priceMotorola H500 Bluetooth Headset -LRB- Nickel -RRB-
 Unbeatable price . It works and it was so inexpensive , I got one for each car .
 I initially bought an iSkin to protect my video iPod but I thought the iSkin was too bulky and made the iPod even bigger than it already was . I bought this invisibleShield because it would protect the iPod but not change it 's dimensions or look.My installation was flawless . I have no dust or bubbles and you ca n't even tell that there is a shield installed unless you hold it up to your face and move it around in the light.Installing the front 3 pieces is pretty easy as they are all flat . The front 3 pieces fit perfectly . The back/sides piece is a little tricky to install . I took great care to position it but I feel that it is about 1mm short on 1 side -LRB- I probably misaligned it -RRB- . This is not something you can see ... but for a perfectionist , like myself , it makes you want to peel it off and try again and get it 100 % right.Other than that minor issue with the back/side piece , I am very happy with this shield . As you know the video iPod is prone to scratches and I can slide this around on my table and keep it in my pocket and nothing will happen to it . This shield is purely for cosmetics . If you tend to ding up your ipod , get an iSkin or another silicon case . You can always slide your iPod with this shield into another case if you feel the need.Regarding installation , just keep in mind ... make sure your hands are squeaky clean . Make sure you use a lot of the liquid -LRB- this liquid is misted on and it will not damage your iPod -RRB- , and make sure you take your your time . If you see micro bubbles or dust , you did something wrong . You can always remove the shield and try again but you have to be careful how you remove it . Be very gentle and it will peel off and you can try again.Plus it 's great that it has a lifetime warranty so if you somehow scratch it up , you get a new one for free .
 I bought my first InvisibleShield a few weeks after I bought my first 30 gig Ipod video . I wish I knew about this product before I bought the ipod because I would have put it on before I used the ipod . We all know how easy a Ipod scratches , with the InvisibleShield your Ipod will not have one single sctatch !!! Go to their web site and watch the demo video ... its honestly true !!! This product is awesome !!!! I have since bought two more 30gig ipods for my wife and son . I bought a InvisibleShield for each and installed them before letting my family use them . Since than I have bought InvisibleShield for three cell phones , the screens of two digital cameras , and one for my PDA . This is a MUST HAVE !!!
 I actually purchased this product for my iphone -LRB- the iphone version -RRB- I felt compelled to leave my 2 cents on this product . I installed the invisible sheild , and i think it looks and works great ! it feels awesome knowing that if something touches your iphone , it wont get scratched . The sheild is barley noticable , especially compared to some others i have seen . it has a kinda tacky feel to it as well , which helps me grip the iphone better . I have destroyed other electronic devices and looking back i wish i had this . I am glad i read some of the negative reviews about care in applying the sheild , because i took all the suggestions above , and it is true , anything will stick to the sheild if it is not a very clean environment . I was determined to get it right the first time . I was glad i took the time to buy this to protect my investment , and i was glad to read some of the reviews above about care in installing it . I give this an A + + + . If you dont have this on your device , you will regret it-period .
 The item is as advertised . I 'm giving it a 4 since it did n't match the ipod shape exactly -LRB- around the edges and corners -RRB- .
 I bought this because after investing a considerable amount of $ $ on a video ipod , I wanted it to last ... and this does the trick . It protected it from scratches and everything , you just have to be patient when installing since it can be a little tricky , but trust me , it works and you can hardly see it , so it wont affect the looks on it . . if you care about your ipod , buy one of this ...
 I have the U2 edition of the iPod . This edition has a black shell with the autographs of the band members on the back . They stopped making the U2 editions , and I just like this generation of the iPod , so I wanted this to last . I also hate bulky cases . I heard from friends that this is a good product , and the one I bought for my phone worked well , so I bought one for my iPod too.SummaryOverall , I 'm satisfied . The thing was somewhat difficult to apply , but not too hard . The wet application is nice because it means you can slide the thing around a little to line it up perfectly . I was a little worried about water getting inside my iPod , but I noticed no damage . One thing worth noting is that I ran out of solution before I got to the back piece . Zagg recently changed the shape of the bottle . Maybe they decreased the capacity as well . It was n't a huge problem though , since a little research showed that originally they did n't even ship solution and said to use mildly soapy water . This worked well for me . One other thing worth noting is that it protects the broad surfaces -LRB- like the front , back , and sides -RRB- , but the corners and front edges to some degree are left partially bare . This is n't a huge deal in my opinion since it would be quite hard to engineer it to cover the iPod perfectly -LRB- not to mention it 'd be harder to apply -RRB- . Interestingly , the film is somewhat soft , rather than the hard cellophane-like texture I expected . It does add a slight rubbery feel to the iPod . This is n't to say that it does n't feel very tough and durable , though.DetailsThe front was fairly straightforward to put on . I wet my fingers , took the piece , wet the sticky side , placed it on , lined it up , and squeegeed the bubbles and excess liquid out -LRB- there 's a provided squeegee for this -RRB- . It went pretty smoothly for me . If you do manage to get it wrong , you can peel it off and try again without causing problems as long as you do n't wait too long -LRB- you can do it later even if you 're careful -RRB- . Like I stated earlier , I was worried that the liquid would soak in the crevice around the click wheel , and maybe it did , but I left it to dry like the instructions say , and I 've had no problems . Most of the `` microbubbles '' -LRB- as Zagg calls them -RRB- that the squeegee did n't handle did work themselves out in a day or so , but there are a couple tiny bubbles that did n't . I guess I missed them while squeegeeing , and they are definitely slightly larger than the microbubbles that I could n't get out . No big deal though ; they are barely noticeable and it 's probably my fault . Truthfully , looking at my iPod again after another day or two , they do seem to have shrunk a little . They may very well work themselves out still.The back was a bit harder . They recommend starting with the back to get the hang of it , but I would recommend otherwise since it 's significantly harder . At this point I had run out of solution . This was only a minor annoyance . The Zagg website says you can refill the bottle with plain water up to two to three times , but the new bottles seem to be permanently sealed . I did some research though , and apparently with the first invisibleSHIELDs they just said to mix your own solution of soapy water -LRB- a few drops of soap for a few ounces of water or so -RRB- . I did that and just dipped my fingers in and `` fingerpainted '' it on to the sticky side . Not too difficult . The annoying part about the back is that it was very difficult to line up . Every time I had it , it would slip a little . Then , if it did n't , it would slip when I tried to wrap the sides around . I figured out that you have to line it up , then squeegee the back face to keep it from sliding much while you fold the sides up . The sides , and particularly the corner flaps , were quite stubborn . I had to apply them one at a time using a technique they call `` palming '' , where you hold the piece in place against your palm for 30 seconds . This worked well , but took patience , since there were about 6 places I had to palm.It ended up looking very nice for me . The entire installation took about 30 minutes , including research about the solution and mixing it . I had no fingerprints and only 2 very tiny bubbles on the front -LRB- I really have to inspect it closely to find them -RRB- . I washed my hands and made sure my fingers were coated in the liquid before I touched the invisibleSHIELD , and that seemed to stop fingerprints completely , for those worried about it.One other complaint is that Zagg seems to have stopped packing cleaning cloths in the box . I received one with the shield for my phone , and my friend was surprised to hear I did n't get one too . I had to make a trip out to Walmart and get some glasses cleaning cloths to clean my iPod before applying it .
 The bottom line with the invisibleShield
 Invisible Shield is very tough as advertised . It is a little tough to put on and look invisible . Maybe I have better luck on my next application , as I will buy this for other electronics . Beware if you have Ipod docks with tight tolerances this shield could make it too fat to fit.This is a great product but be very careful during application .
 Every now again you come across a product and wonder how you did without it . I have the Invisible shield on everything from cell phones to GPS and the product not only compliments the looks of the product its protecting but does what it claims in protecting from scratches . Nice to see that Invisible shield went the extra distance to include more solution to spray on your product and fingers
 The reviewers who could n't apply this thing are suffering from either fatal clumsiness or misplaced perfectionism . Even though it is obvious that there is a piece of plastic on your screen , it is totally unobtrusive if you are at all careful applying it . And it is certainly more attractive , a bubble or two notwithstanding , than either a scratched iPod or a big , clunky case .
 I love this pouch , especially since it can be easily washed , and the vibrant color makes it so easy to find .
 I received the pin very quickly , and it worked . Very satisfied with the service i had with this seller . would recommend to others .
 I just love this phone - why do n't they make something like this again . this was the original , and best !!!
 If the company would provide a larger bottle with more spray , then this product would go on with a lot less anxiety . There was just enough spray to get the shield on . Once a few days passed though and the sheild settled , it really dried clear and looks great now . I 'm quite pleased .
 This is a difficult product to install , but that does n't make it a bad product . You just need to know what you are getting into . The enclosed instructions were fairly complete . The instruction do contain a web address where you can watch an 8 minute video of the installation process that goes into much more detail . Do yourself a favor and watch the video at least once . You will get a lot of good tips -LRB- such as spraying your finger tips with the included solution to prevent the parts from sticking to your hand -RRB- and feel a lot more confident when you do the installation.I had to ding the product one star because the spray bottle broke early in the installation . By the way , you can buy an additional bottle of solution from the company for a small fee . Having more of the solution will yield better results than not having enough .
 I have an 80GB video Ipod , and this shield is absolutely phenomenal.Don ' t let the other reviews fool you . There is a lack of spray , but it was enough for me to get it all on . I used a few extra sprays of the solution on every piece of the product . -LRB- I screwed up the back side , and had to respray using up the last of my spray -RRB- . It took me about 20-30 minutes to install it.I wish I had gotten it prior to my Ipod getting scratches on it because it looks phenomenal now . I keyed it on the back side , and I could not penetrate the shield . If you did n't know better -LRB- and you install properly -RRB- , you would not even know there is a shield on it.I recommend this to anyone who is willing to go through the hassle there is to install it because it is worth it .
 I have the invisibleSHIELD film on three items so far - a 60GB 5G iPod Video , an iPod Touch , and a 15 '' MacBook Pro -LRB- the full-coverage kit -RRB- . It works so well that I 'm going to be putting it on my wife 's laptop , cellphone and iPod in the next month.The installation is n't as hard as you may have heard , as long as you 're careful . I think part of the reason is that the included instructions are better than they once were , and the application solution is now included , rather than you having to mix up your own . I never viewed the online installation video , so I ca n't comment on it.You do n't have to have access to a level-100 clean room to do the installation , but do n't try to do it while sitting on the beach on a windy day , either . Clean your hands and the electronic device first , and use LOTS of the supplied fluid , on both your fingertips and on both sides of the film - the more the better , because it makes it easier to reposition the film to get it just where you want it , and the wetter the film , the fewer bubbles you 'll have to get out . Any small bubbles trapped under the film will disappear within a week , anyway . Save any leftover fluid , because after you 've used this film once , you 'll probably buy more for your other devices , and it 's always better to have extra fluid on hand.The film does have a slight texture to it that you can see if you hold it up to the light just right , and it 's a little `` grabby '' compared to the smooth glass or polycarbonate face of the iPod , Touch , or iPhone , but it does n't interfere with the touch screen or click wheel , and you 'll quickly get used to the new feel . I did leave the film off of my Macbook Pro 's touchpad for now , although I saved it in case I change my mind later and decide to put it on.Once you have the film on and you 've given it a few days for any bubbles/hazing to disappear , the final results are amazing . Unless you 're looking for it , the film is practically impossible to see from more than a few feet away , and virtually nothing will scratch or damage it . I like it so much that I 'm going through their website to see what other gadgets I have that they make shields for .
 I purchased an invisible shield for my LG Dare , IPod Classic , 30GB and 120GB and for the screen of my Canon XTI SLR Camera . The shields are a bit tricky to install if you go with the full body type but very much worth the price . I was initially looking for something to protect my LG Dare screen and had purchased one of the cut it yourself shields which scratched too . When I got this product I installed it a little crooked and after a while it started peeling . I contacted Zagg . -LSB- ... -RSB- from whom I purchased it and they replaced it free . There is a lifetime warranty so if it ever tears , scratches , peels etc. they replace it for a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- fee , which I assume is about what it costs them . The trick to installing it correctly is to be patient and line things up -LRB- especially holes made for speakers and protrusions . This is the key to success . I put one on each of my iPods and my camera and that was a snap . As has been said by others this wo n't protect your device from dropping or other physical abuse but it will absolutely protect it from scratching . If all you want to do is prevent a screen from being scratched them just buy that kit . Most have a choice of just the scree or the whole body . One last thing - There is a difference in the size of a 30GB and 120 GB iPod shield .
 I was in search for a new phone after my Razr spent too much time with me in the rain . This is an awesome deal for just signing a new 2-year agreement . The people at cingular in their sales department couldnt compete with this and when I asked if the could match the offer amazon was giving me , they could n't and told me to take the offer from amazon .1 year later ... I am soooo happy I did . You can do so much with this phone !
 The battery arrived as promised and it has worked so well so far . It fits the cell phone 's battery compartment exactly , it charged using the original charger , and it holds its charge .
 I bought this battery for my htc and I has n't had issues so far
 The battery I received was not the one shows on their web page . I 've now used it for almost a year ? and I do n't regret . Charge holds much longer on my T-Mobile Dash cell than original battery it came with . I bought 2 of them since the price was excellent.Good product , good seller.Just a downside to all these portable devices ... always have to keep up with battery charging everyday ... constantly ! I get to the point of `` cold turkey '' withdrawal syndrome when I see less than 50 % battery left . Sometimes I wonder why we have to deal with cell phone , MP3 player , camcorder , etc. . We became slave to the machines ! Overall scheme of things , battery life should be much longer than it is now . Low industry standards is what . It 's not the fault of this seller though .
 Seems to run as long as my standard OEM battery . It also charges correctly in the aftermarket docking cradle/charger offered by BarginCel -LRB- my OEM battery does not charge in it due to a slight size difference -RRB- . Two of these , along with an aftermarket charger , makes a pretty good solution for those running out of juice all the time like I had been doing -LRB- and a lot cheaper than buying the new 1500MA Slim Extended from Expansys for $ 50 ! -RRB- . Couple of tips :1 -RRB- Use the OEM A/C charger whenever possible to charge a battery in the phone ... it charges about twice as fast as using a USB cable to charge-up . I have two
 I understood this battery work very well with my smartphone until now I have not had problems with this .
 No problem with the vendor -LRB- SF Planet -RRB- and the product arrived undamaged . However , our friends at Verizon Wireless had programmed the phone from performing the very tasks that I wanted . The phone is a Motorola V265 and I wanted to retrieve photos I have taken without having to send them through Verizon -LRB- at extra expense , of course -RRB- . So the product was reasonably priced , reasonable postage and arrived quickly but is completely useless to me .
 I had ordered a motorola data cable , got a very well finished and working product . Even the driver CD is ok .
 the cable its self was ok for connecting to the computer , but unfortunatelywas of no use , as I still can not install the A920 . It appears that I have to have ainstallation disc which so far I have not been able to get.As far a the cable is concerned I have no problem . I have now given up . and have gone back to my old mobile phone/camera , which I have had for years with no trouble .
 This product is used to back up your contact info and your calendar onto your PC . Not your photos.However , the product works as it should , was received on time , and intact so 5 * 's .
 I love my new case . I wanted something more feminine for the phone , and this definitely works . My only concern is that is sticks a little in warmer weather , or if I accidently leave it in the car . I would buy again !
 This sparkly pink leather cover fits my V3 like a glove . It looks like it was painted on ! It 's a bright `` HOPE '' pink and has tiny spreckles of shiny bling throughout . I had to use a hand-me-down V3 after my other phone broke and wanted to make it -LRB- the V3 -RRB- pink so I ordered this cover . Well , it was more than I expected because it is so pretty and fits so well . Quality wise , it is wonderful - feels great in my hand and looks pretty too .
 When I bought my phone I wanted a lighter shade of pink but they only the darker shade . So now I can have a lighter shade phone with out buying a new one ! The clip fit perfectly and I know it wo n't slide off or anything . Great deal !
 Needed a nice pink cover for my wifes phone . I got exctly what I and she wanted . Great product and service .
 Looks great ! Has a bit of sparkle to it that I was n't sure of at first , but now I like it . Sparkle not as `` strong '' after a few weeks of using it : -RRB-
 This item I purchased is great and I reveived in an extremely timely fashion .
 Sturdy and easy to assemble . Need I say more ? This is a great addition for my LG 8600 .
 I Purchased this Holster for my son . He tells me that he likes it better than the original .
 The film went on very well ... Several weeks later , there are no scratches at all , it remains perfect just as it went on the first day.Only complaint -LRB- why I gave a 4 -RRB-
 I live in a rural area where high speed phone or cable internet access is not available so I decided to go with the ATT USB Modem card . It works great for me , compared to my old dial-up line . My son gets a good laugh when I mention it is fast , he has a fiber-optic internet connection . It does seem to spend a lot of time `` paused '' , like I am sharing the connection with many other people . Also , it needs a manual way to choose the `` Edge '' or the `` 3G '' network . When I am at work in McKinney TX , just north of Dallas , it has only one bar in `` 3G '' mode and is constantly dropping out . When it does use the `` Edge '' network in McKinney it gets 4 bars and works much better , but then it automatically switches back to the weak 3G network when it receives that signal .
 It maynot be the sleek looking headset you are looking for it but it certainly is very comfortable and has excellent voice quality both at the sending and receiving end . Me and my fiance have the same one and love it ... cerainly has made our long distance relationship a little less stressful !! I highly recommend it !
 I have been searching a long time for a decent headset . I tried the Shure model , I tried Samsung headsets , Radioshack ones , Jabra ones etc. . This one beats them all . I love the fact that it has a volume control * AND * a mute button . Great for conference calls . It 's very comfortable to wear . Shure is better for clarity , but the Shure ear bud also goes in about 1/4 inch in to your ear canal ! This one just touches the ear and the sound is just as good . Best of all , EVERYONE is surprised when I tell them I 'm on a headset .
 I am on my phone a ton for work . I wanted something that did n't have batteries and could handle noisy/windy environments . This thing works great . People can hear me clearly whether I 'm in a windy data center or a noisy airport . I questioned the ear fitment , but it works out well . It is very light and I have no problems wearing it all day . It does n't make my ear hurt like some other headsets I have tried .
 Great item . . Light , comfortable and people can hear me on Xbox or telephone just great ... If you want a lightweight grey sound good choice
 This product does what it says . Extremely a good buy for the money . Speedy delivery . It 's comfortable to wear and very clear sound . I use it with my Xbox controller . Perfect !
 I do n't know that the sound quality is significantly better than other same-class headsets . but this one is really comfortable . It looked a little weird before I tried it because it hangs below your ear , but the design really works . Highly recommend .
 Tested it out in 40 mph winds and the guy on the other end of the line never knew the difference .
 Item is as described for the most part . It came without the second boom mic shown in the picture -LRB- short one -RRB- but all in all it is a good product . Make sure your phone can take the 2.5 mm jack or you will need to buy an adapter . It did not fit in my phone but after finding out the seller was going to charge me 20 % restocking fee plus shipping both ways , I realized I would probably not get any money back for my return and broke down and bought the adapter.Sound quality is excellent , voice/mic quality is easily equivalent to using the handset alone . I use this in my car so I do not have to remember to charge a bluetooth headset . Cuts out background noise well enough , and is easy to use . A reminder if you are using this as a cell headset
 I have tried to use the blue tooth headsets for years . I can never remember to keep them charged . I opted for the wired headset . I now have 3 of these . Keep them specifically in the cars . They work and are comfortable . I know the cable can be challenging , but you do n't have to keep them charged up . Be careful , you may have to have the adapter cable to fit various headsets . I recommend buying the adapter at the same time , they are inexpensive . All in all , I find the headset comfortable and easy to use . It 's not very expensive , if it breaks , buy another . With that being said , I have been using my first headset I bought over a year ago still .
 These work great for hands off phone work ; helps my multi-tasking . Takes a bit to get used to them , once you adjust them they work fine .
 This is my second one . First one lasted several years . It is not comfortable enough to leave on for hours , but fine for normal length conversations , and definitely more comfortable than my Bluetooth . Also has better clarity transmitting and receiving . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 I bought the Plantronics MX505 headset to replace a pair of Koss SB-45 Communication Stereophones and 2 different smartphone adapters made by Headset Buddy . This product is light , well-built , and fits and holds well under and around the lower portion of my ear . I also bought a generic 2.5 mm female to 3.5 mm male adapter to use with my Samsung Fascinate smartphone running Froyo - and it works perfectly ! I opened it upon arrival , went outside to perform a test call in the wind and with birds chirping about . My wife reported that my voice was crystal clear and that she could n't hear any background sound . The instructions are exclusively picture-based ; no text to read for guidance . That said , I had to discover on my own that you need to pull the bottom lobe of your ear in between the front and rear portion of the headset in order to establish a more comfortable and secure fit . After doing that , my favorability assessment went up . In sum
 As with all typical Plantronics headsets , this sound is clear and no one can tell you are on a headset on the other end . My only gripe is the cord seems a bit fragile the the earpiece volume is not as loud as it should be for use in a vehicle which is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars . Other than that , it works very well and is fairly comfortable for extended wear on your ear . I like the fact that it does not go over your ear so wearing glasses is not a problem at all .
 First things first . We buy a product for the quality and quality is GREAT ! That is why I gave it 5 stars . Wind tunnel technology works ! I could hear the person on the other end perfectly , and what is more important - the person could hear me without any interfering noises -LRB- note that I was driving and had an air conditioner on at the time of the test call -RRB- . This is great since all my other headsets would pick up outside noises and made conversations quite uncomfortable . Now , nobody even knows that I am using a headset . I love that I can shield myself from harmful cell phone radiation without sacrificing the quality of my calls.Now the bad part . It is ugly . I guess , I did not pay attention that it was a tan color when I ordered it -LRB- my fault -RRB- , but it looks quite tacky - a light mousy grey colored cord and a tan ear-piece with reddish / pinkish lines . I would n't walk around in public like this . But then again , I bought it to be used from home and in my car and the quality is GREAT ! Would you rather have an ugly thing that works or a pretty one that does not ? I pick the first .
 My husband and I have owned this type of Plantronics headset in the past - I prefer the wireless ones now but my husband still prefers this one . He literally could n't go without it - he is a long distance truck driver and needs to contact customers while driving to different locations . It keeps him hands free and ticket free ! He loves it and when he wears this one out I hope they are still in production so I can get him another one .
 This item works great , I had to buy this extra one since I accidentally dropped an old one I had -LRB- same model -RRB- that was working great until it felt down ...
 People can not tell the difference when I use this headset versus not using one at all ! It 's comfortable and reliable , could n't be happier !
 From the picture , I could n't imagine how comfortable it would be , but sure enough , it is very pleasant to wear . Very good sound quality . Several people said it was noticeably better than my previous headset . I like the volume control on the cord , and the fact that there 's two lengths of mics included . It is a bit awkward to put on at first , but after paying some attention and with use , I found I could do it quickly with one hand .
 I have owned a ton of Plantronics headsets as well as tried many others . I consistently go back to Plantronics simply because of their reliability and all day wearing comfort . I owned -LRB- 7 -RRB- M145 headsets which are still the leader for all day wearing comfort , but I was annoyed that the silicone piece would break and there was no replacement . I bought -LRB- 4 -RRB- of the M135 which I hated and promptly returned . See Plantronics has faults ! I got the MX505 3 weeks ago and I love it . It is so comfortable I am buying 3 more for all of my vehicles . I wear it all day and do n't notice it . They are correct in advertising , you can stand outside in a wind storm and the other party has no clue you are outside or in the wind . Downside is that it doesnt have a noise cancelling offset so any background noise around you , the other party can hear it loud and clear . The mute switch is tougher to use than the M145 but has a green/red indicator , OK except in the dark . As for clarity , I dont find myself cramming this thing into my eardrum to hear as I have done with some other headsets . Styling is A + . The ear piece is flippable so either ear wearing is simple . I have had one in each ear already when 2 lines are ringing . I must say that all corded headsets are pains , but this one is a home run .
 First , this headset is VERY comfortable . Those who wear glasses -LRB- as I do -RRB- should note that the design of this headset makes it the best -LRB- only ? -RRB- headset with a boom that does not have an over-the-ear design . Again , do n't let the odd design fool you , the fit and comfort is outstanding , but that 's not all ... As for sound quality , the MX505 is top notch . I 've owned more headsets than I can count , and this is the best I 've ever owned . Most headsets -LRB- especially the Jabra earwave series -RRB- have horrible problems if there 's any wind at all because the microphone element is exposed via a pinhole opening on the headset . Not so with the MX505 . This one has a clear tubes -LRB- of two sizes -RRB- that all have a nice windscreen on the end . You can walk around outside , drive the car with the window down , etc. , all while talking on this one . That 's something you ca n't say about many other headsets . The sound tube -LRB- `` boom '' -RRB- fits very snugly in the unit and holds position well.Also , unlike almost all other headsets , the MX505 has a microphone sensitivity adjustment -LRB- it 's on the other side of the volume control on the cord -RRB- . If you find people saying , `` I ca n't hear you on your headset '' then use this headset instead . Simply toggle the mic sensitivity switch and you 'll increase your volume to the other person by about 50 % . This feature allowed me to use it on an LG VX8000 phone after all other headsets proved nearly incompatible due to low mic volume .
 This headset is the second with a boom mic that I have tried , and it is by far the best headset I have used . I prefer it to the headset I use at my desktop . - Sound Quality - This headset has the highest sound and clarity than any speaker on any cellular phone or headset that I have used to date . The sound is so clear that I turn the phone volume down all the way when using the headset -LRB- I use a NexTel i860 -RRB- . The in-ear design does an excellent job of blocking outside noise without blocking sounds entirely . - Earpiece Fit - The earpiece is lightweight and fits perfectly , and I agree with other readers ' comments about fatigue
 Overall the Platronics 505 is wonderful . The sound quality is better than when I am listening to my cell phone normally and people at the other end can not tell I am using a headset . The earpiece fits comfortable and does n't give the feeling that it will fall off . The unique design makes it sunglass compatible but difficult with hoop earrings . The only real downfall of the design is the size and colour of the volume and mute controller-at about 2 inches x 3/4 inch x 3/8 inch -LRB- in bone colour -RRB- , you must clip the wire to some piece of clothing to stop the drag from this hugely oversized element-could it not have been made smaller ? The quality of the piece is there-rubberized wire coating and a well put together piece otherwise .
 I am very pleased with this headset . Despite the odd appearance , it is very comfortable to wear -- once you can get it into place . This is not the easiest headset to get on and get positioned , but once it is on it stays put very well.Good sound quality on both hearing and speaking but the volumn in the ear piece could be a bit louder.Overall , I 'm pleased with the product and would buy the product again .
 My husband 's car has a glass-pack muffler and it is so loud I ca n't think when I ride in it . He can talk to me while driving his car using this headset on his cell phone and I ca n't hear any background noise what-so-ever ! He never has any trouble hearing me either . He says it 's very comfortable to wear . As the person on the other end of the headset , I would definitely recommend this headset if background noise is an issue .
 To the customer who wrote
 I recently purchased both the MX505 and the MX150 . According to the people I was talking to , the 505 had more `` running water '' sound in the background , making it harder to understand me . Keep in mind I 'm a truckdriver often talking to other truckdrivers in noisy environments . At home in a quiet environment , it worked great attached to either my cell or my cordless phone .
 I got a traffic ticket last week after opening up my cellphone in my car . I had a really cheap headset , that I never used , so that was my wakeup call to go and get a better headset that had all the features that I wanted.I research and research every product before I buy . I was really looking for 3 things when researching for a new headset .1 -RRB- Ease and comfort of the ear bud . THIS HAD IT2 -RRB- Good sound quality . THIS HAD IT3 -RRB- In line answer/end button which you can hold down to activate voice commands . DOES NOT HAVE ITI was very happy with the comfort of the unit , and the sound quality I think is excellent.BUT - I purchased this product because in the product descrition it says it has Inline pod features call answer/end and voice dialing -LRB- if supported by phone or service -RRB- , volume control and mute.This item does not have that feature , and that is the main reason I ordered this item . There is no call answer/end button on this item , and on the instructions , it says model #MX 510 has this feature . After investigating , the model #MX 510 is only for Nokia phones , so I cant use it anyway . In the end , I decided to keep it anyway becasue the sound quality is great . I wanted a totally hands free device , but I will have to open my phone to operate it though .
 It may look a little strange but it works very well . Good sound quality . Maybe a little hard to put on but stays in place .
 The design is interesting and new , and also practical . All in all , it works great , except for fear that the interchangeable booms of different size may fall out and force you to be with an expensive earpiece . The boom itself is a solid piece of hollow plastic with a swivel joint where it removes from the earpiece , so it is limited in adjustability . The sound quality is excellent , and overall I was pleased with this purchase .
 I got this for a plantronics CT12 and it works well with that phone.It stays put on my head , but the wifes ear is a little to small for this.It is comfortable for extended use.Like before , if you got a small ear hole , or small ears , this might not work for you .
 As a long time user of Walmart earbuds , this was a big step up in quality without the big step in price . If your looking for a practical headset , this is the one .
 I purchased this one because of the wind/noise cancellation microphone . My wife can barely hear the background noise of my car when I am driving . Now I can hear her yelling more clearly and she can hear me say `` Yes dear '' with no issues . Honestly , I am glad I did my research and picked this one up .
 This headset has wind reduction that works GREAT . I can drive on the freeway with the windows down and trucks going by , and the person I 'm talking to can still hear me clearly.The reduction works best on wind , or noises that sound like wind -LRB- kinda white noise -RRB- . So it does n't reduce noise as well from , e.g. nearby radio music or loudspeaker announcements in the mall.The headset has a mute button , works well , convenient . The mute function is a mechanical switch -LRB- not an electrical button -RRB- . The indicator that lets you know if it is muted or not is a red/green tab - it does n't light up , hard to see in the dark.Also , the Amazon overview says that this headset has a call answer/end button - it does NOT . If you really need it , try the MX510-X1Plantronics MX510-X1 Mobile Headset for most phones with standard 2.5 mm headset jack - Audiovox , Bla - it is a similar headset that DOES have a call answer/end function .
 Amazon review of this item is wrong . It DOES NOT have a button that assists with making calls . Thing ONLY has a MUTE button . I was tricked . Anyhow , I still love it more than the headset I bought from sprint that keeps falling out of my ear . This headset is super comfy .
 It works , it is comfortable and the sound quality is great.I tried to use this in my Nokia and Samsung cell phones , but neither of them worked with this unit . Some headsets can cross over , but it seems that this is NOT one them .
 Maybe my ears are just too big , but this is a little difficult to get on if you are trying to answer the phone in a hurry . Other than that , the unit has good sound quality , the volume control works well and is fairly comfortable . The mute switch is mechanical -- just hoping it holds up over a long period of time .
 I was concerned before purchasing about the ear piece attaching to the bottom of the ear ... I need not have worried . It is superior to over the ear telephone headsets . Excellent volume . Use it every day and could not be happier .
 This is my 4th cell phone head set . The first 2 were non-Plantronics , one a Cingular accessory and the second a Jabra winder , both had major problems with road noise when I was driving so neither were useable . The 3rd was a Plantronics set that worked pretty well , and I had for almost a year . It had problems with variable microphone volume for listeners -LRB- both too loud and too soft -RRB- , the microphone mute was too easy to switch and I would sometimes turn the mike off carrying the headset , and lastly wind noise . When walking across the parking lot to my office , which is very open , wind noise could be overwhelming . So far the MX505 is an improvement in all 3 areas , and a vast improvement in almost eliminating wind noise . It also has good noise canceling for car driving . The earpiece is also easier to get on than my last plantronics set and can be done with one hand . I 'd prefer to have a slightly higher tone in the earpiece with a little more treble which helps me with background noise , though that is a personal preference .
 Purchased this for use on 2 different phones . On my Nextel i530 phone it works great . On a LG VX4500 it does n't work as well . I have to have the boom right up next to my mouth in order for the other end not to complain .
 Sound quality is pretty good . The wind `` technology '' is not bad . Stong winds , blowing sand etc , is going to get heard with this . But for the price it is comfortable . For someone who has to buy special adapters to get Blue tooth devices to stay in my ear I am impressed with this . I wish it had a call end button on the thing . But the mute button is great . I would buy this again . And i like it almost as much as my jawbone . Paring is not an issue with wired devices ... ; -RRB-
 Great sound , have to raise my voice a bit , but it is great to not have to wear a binding head band and intrusive microphone over your mouth.The below the earlobe rubber hook takes a bit to get used to , but once you adjust it to your comfort , you forget it 's there . Overall , I like it very much .
 I 've given up on blue tooth . Too many inconsistencies . This wired headset works great . We are all now using it in my office .
 I purchased this headset as a replacement . I have gone through several headsets of this type , as I work from home and am the phone quite often . The previous models I 've had seem to last only a year or so , and I am hoping that this will exceed that lifetime . I was n't sure about the ` under ear ' fit , and how well it would stay on , but I am glad to say it 's actually more comfortable than the ` over ear ' styles.As for being `` wind smart '' , I ca n't answer that because I do n't usually use my cordless phone with my headset on while driving down the highway with my head out the window.However , for the money , this headset has met my expectations .
 I really like the way this fits in the ear . It is comfortable and makes for a good sound quality on the listening end . I also am pleased that the people who are receiving my calls can hear me very clearly . This product is much better for me than a bluetooth for both these reasons .
 This the clearest , most comfortable corded headset you can buy . I love it.Plantronics MX505 Windsmart Boom Headset with 2.5 mm Plug -LRB- Tan -RRB-
 This head set is small and convenient . I like the over-the-ear function . Sound quality is good and people on the other end can hear me fine . It is reasonably priced from Amazon . I do n't want electronics too close to my head and this is a great alternative to a blue tooth device .
 Plantronics MX505 Headset for Cordless or Mobile Phones with 2.5 mm ConnectionNow that New Jersey drivers MUST use a hands-free cellphone device OR an earpiece like this , I searched hard and tried several . This is the best of the crop , super clear sound even with wind noise around the vehicle . It 's easy to wear , fitting under the ear -LRB- vs over it -RRB- and the earpiece swivels for true-fit comfort in right or left ear . My callers tell me the mic delivers very clear sound as well . I am v. happy with this purchase and Amazon made buying it easy -- as always .
 I will keep this short.I love this . Great sound in and out . Mute . Variable volume control that works very well . The comfort is good . The design is unusual but it works for left or right . adjustable mic position . Good wind blocking . Never any complaints from the receiving party.I have had 2 of these . I ruined the first . In the end I liked it better than all the other corded headsets and went back.I would recommend this . I am very happy with it .
 For a corded headset solution , this headset is excellent . I use it with my KRZR . Sound quality is more than loud enough and quality is excellent . One of the main issues I had was that I always have the air vents going in my vehicles . In the past , people on the other end of my calls always complained about wind noise , with this headset that is n't an issue anymore . Additionally , the headset is very comfortable to wear.There is only one item to be careful of . When I first tried the unit I did n't realize that there was a mute function on the control cord . As a result I called a particular person a few times and they could n't hear me . Finally , I figured out what was going on . Of course it was user error . Oh well.I would highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for one .
 I have tried quite a few headsets for my cordless phone at home -LRB- most of them from Plantronics -RRB- and this is the one I would recomment the most . The sound quality is better than all the headsets I have tried so far -LRB- over the last 6 years -RRB- . The mute button works great . I had no trouble getting it on my ear . Nice design and quality .
 This is an excellent headset . It is extremely comfortable and lightweight . I do not even notice I am wearing it even if I use it with my eyeglasses . I have used headsets for many years and this particular design is superior to anything I have tried under $ 100 . The headset works well with my cell phone and my home phone , I am able to hear everybody clearly , the volume control is extremely useful , and the mute button is very convenient . In addition , people tell me they can hear me better when I use the headset than when I do not .
 This unit is a bit awkward to put on , but the sound quality and volume are good . Since it is a wired device , the volume and mute are controlled in a small box about one foot below the ear piece . Unfortunately , that tends to get caught on the edge of a desk when you are working and talking . The mute control is excellent and invaluable . If Plantronics moves the control box down another 6 inches , this goes to 41/2 stars , but the awkwardness of putting it on prevents it from getting 5 stars . However , once in place , it stays there and is comfortable to wear for long periods of time , except for that occasional jerk when the control box catches on the edge of a desk .
 I had a plantronics tranditional headphone MX110 before , and I really like the comfort and sound quality of the product . So , I try this new MX505.Although I am very impress by the sound quality and unique design , it does n't fit me too well . Let me summarize the Pros and Cons first : Pro : Sound qualityDesign fit almost every ear type
 Great headset . It was a bit uncomfortable at first , but after i figured how to put it on , there was no problem . I had it on for 2 hours talking without any inconvinience . Perhaps the best thing about the phone is the windsmart technology . I was talking with people while riding my bicycle and they heard no disturbance . They said i sounded perfectly clear . Sound quality was unbreakable in just about all circumstances .
 Of all the headsets I have used , I like this one the best in the area of sound quality . The sound you hear is very , very good , and the microphone also produces very good sound for the person you are talking to . This is , in both directions , the best sounding headset I 've used.It also has a nice design . It 's relatively small and discrete , but not as much as some Bluetooth headsets . For a wired headset , though , it 's pretty nice looking.It 's also nice that you can wear it on either your right or left ear , and it has inline mute and volume controls.The only negative , which keeps it from getting five stars from me , is that it 's not so easy to put on . With some practice it gets better , but you certainly could not put this on one-handed while driving . I can barely put it on one-handed sitting still . If you do n't need one-handed access , though , this is not a big deal .
 I find this headset to be very comfortable . I 've used it with a Samsung phone and now with my HTC Incredible phone . You can also listen to music or Pod Casts with it . Not stereo but if just talking books it works great for that . To use with the Incredible you 'll need to purchase a converter so that it can be plugged into the Incredible . I purchased the3 .5 mm Male TO 2.5 mm Female Stereo Headphone Adapter , Convert 2.5 mm Headset to 3.5 mmadapter and it works great with the HTC Incredible - a Verizon Labeled type phone . I also tested the adapter and this Plantronics headset with an IPhone 3 - and yes , it worked with that setup also .
 I 've wanted this phone every since my cellular provider started advertizing it about 1 yr ago . It 's wonderful to have a cellphone PDA combo . And , it has internet & fax capabilities too . My Smartphone came with the sync cradle which you can detach the travel charger from the cradle for use when traveling , two software installation CD 's , & three stylus . The speakerphone volume is awsome as well as the voice recorder option . If you do n't want the hassle of keeping up with a phone and a PDA , the Kyocera QCP 6035 Smartphone is the SMART way to go . While talking in the car , the handsfree kit works great . It 's sold seperately though , but worth the investment .
 This works great to remind me to HotSync my phone to my PC . I can slide my PDA into it to charge and sync . It 's great
 A good product overall , the only drawback to this item is something which most ppc-6700 owners have learned to live with already
 I 've had my Tracfone for about 3 months now . The reception has been generally good . Once i got the phone activated , I have n't had any problems . Tracfone has a ` refer a friend ' program that will give each of 120 free minutes . All you have to do is send me an email asking for a referral . My email is debsclay@gmail.comthank you .
 I bought 2 of these phones for my daughters and activated them 2 weeks ago . They are great ! Perfect for them . I actually bought the 300 minutes/double minute plan for a year . There 's a referral program where you and I would get 100 free minutes if I send you a referral . -LRB- ... -RRB- . It 's really easy and for 100 free minutes , you ca n't beat it !!
 My tracfone has worked out good so far . Customer service is fine and the free voicemail was easy to set up and use . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My tracfone has worked out good so far . Customer service is fine and the free voicemail was easy to set up and use . If you decide to get a tracfone , please email me for a quick referral before activating it - we each will get 100 free minutes from the ` refer a friend ' program . I 'll also send you the simple instructions to follow . I 've used Tracfone for quite a while , so i should be able to answer any questions you might have.ps even if you have activated in the last few weeks i can help you get the free minutes
 I 've had my Tracfone for about 9 months . It has good battery-life between charges . The phone itself is compact and stylish . I also bought the optional adapter that plugs into my car cigarette lighter . Tracfone has a ` refer a friend ' program that will give each of 100 free minutes if i refer you anytime before you activate the phone . All you have to do is send me an email asking for a referral .
 My tracfone has good reception . i like that it has free call waiting and free caller id . if you have n't activated your tracfone yet then the ` refer a friend program ' will give each of us 100 free minutes . please send me an email and i will send you a fast referral . it 's a win/win ! thanks
 The tracfone has good reception . i like that it has free call waiting and free caller id . if you have n't activated your tracfone yet then the ` refer a friend program ' will give each of us 100 free minutes . please send me an email and i will send you a fast referral . it 's a win/win ! thankspat22pat@gmail.com
 My tracfone has good reception . i like that it has free call waiting and free caller id . if you have n't activated your tracfone yet then the ` refer a friend program ' will give each of us 120 free minutes . please send me an email and i will send you a fast referral -LRB- i check my email often -RRB- . it 's a win/win ! thank you .
 I have had Tracfone service for 9 months now and love it . I got tired of having a monthly bill when I rarely use my cellphone . I wanted a cellphone for emergencies and/or convenience . My tracfone is a GSM which means it uses one unit per minute regardless of where you are calling from -- no roaming charges.Tracfone may not be for everyone , but for infrequent users it is great . Their referral service is also fantastic . If you are interested in buying a Tracfone & phone card , please e-mail me at mclarivee@aol.com before activating your phone , and I will send you a referral . Then when you activate your phone we both will receive 100 free minutes .
 The tracfone prepaid airtime cards make the best gift . We really wanted to give my parents a cell phone ; they are retired and on the road a lot in their motorhome . We wanted to be able to contact them . But , we did not want to stick them with a monthly fee on their fixed income . So the trackphone with these prepaid airtime cards was perfect . We can give them airtime in advance . And it makes it easy to give a gift they can use anytime .
 I have a tracfone , and absolutely love it . The way it works is this
 I bought my Tracfone in August because we were going on a wilderness vacation . I wanted the comfort of being in touch with my daughter while I was away , but did n't want to go to a lot of expense , did n't want to worry about surprise charges , and definitely did n't want a contract . The Tracfone was cheap , no activation fee , no hidden charges , and the 30 minute card suited my purpose perfectly . I called my daughter once , and she called me twice . I had 8 minutes left when I got home , and I bought another 30 minute card at a local store . That card extended my time till after Christmas . I called my daughter while we were on the road Thanksgiving Day . This is a PERFECT phonecard arrangement for anyone who really wants a cell phone for limited use . The minute cost might sound high , but remember that this is the ONLY cost , and it 's not use-it-or-lose-it . I love the fact that I do n't have to try to use the minutes before they expire .
 tracfone card are so easy to use and the bestpart you have no charge every month . you buy what you need every 2 months or i month tracfone is the best way to go the service for tracfone is 5 stars and great phone service for help with your phone
 I am TracFone customer since last 2-3 months . I am extremely satisfied with this . Earlier I was paying around -LSB- money -RSB- / - a month for AT&T ; service with 1 year contract and sometimes I used to get a large bill if I exceed the included minutes as there was no good way to track the minutes used in that month . I switched to tracfone as soon as my contract finished . If you buy 60 minutes time , it is valid for 60 days and only in around -LSB- less money -RSB- / - . Great ! and no contracts.I found customer service good and responsive . I bought the refurbished phone which started giving problem after a week of service . I contacted TracFone and they gave a new replacement phone . It has free voicemail also and you can check your voicemails from another phone and so yo do not loose your TracFone minutes.You may also get $ 25 / - free airtime ...
 My tracfone has worked out good so far . Customer service is fine and the free voicemail was easy to set up and use . If you decide to get a tracfone , please email me for a quick referral before activating it - we each will get 100 free minutes from the ` refer a friend ' program . I 'll also send you the simple instructions to follow . I 've used Tracfone for quite a while , so i should be able to answer any questions you might have.ps even if you have activated in the last few weeks i should be able to get us the free minutes .
 tracfone is a great company for anyone looking to get a contract free cellphone . because you can buy the minute cards anwhere this service is good even for kids . i would highly recommend their service to anyone especially if you have kids . with their new digital service you get free caller id an voicemail , which many of the other wireless service dont have . And if you are just activating your phone or even just reactivating you can get 100 free minutes by using the refer a friend service . you can email me at shivathediva2003@yahoo.com and i will send you a email and you can get a free 100 minutes . I hope that you find this review helpful . I also have the information on how to send ringtones to tracfone phones , which i will send with a referral
 I just got my new TracFone in July , I got me a 150 min card.Went on there web site actvate my phone and got 10 free minsfor that 10 free mins for new activation and 30 free minswith the promo code .30 +10 +10 = 50 free minsI love this phone and the plan is great.also this is my first cell phone too .
 Recently read with interest that U.S. domestic cellphone revenue is only going to be about 9 % of the world total , but unfortunately the major providers just do n't seem to be willing to wake up to real consumer 's needs . People just do n't like having to get hooked into expensive contracts that charge whether you use the damned thing or not . The TracFone system goes a long ways toward providing a sensible pay-as-you-go service that never requires that you pay for time that 's not used , and that was a big deciding factor for me . For those who do n't expect to be heavy users , and those who despise the recurrent monthly costs associated with `` conventional '' plans , the TracFone idea is just about perfect . The phones themselves vary in price from nearly free to about $ 99 , and come with a very limited amount of minutes -LRB- credits -RRB- . Then you are expected to purchase cards in denominations of 10 , 30 , 60 , 120 , or 300 minutes . But the best deal is to buy the `` Plus-3 '' card that gives 100 minutes + 120 bonus minutes , since this keeps your activation going for the entire year and costs under $ 100 -LRB- shop around -RRB- . The best thing about TracFone is that you never lose the time you pay for , just so long as you keep it activated , and that can work out to less than $ 8/month . And remember to take full advantage of the generous bonus minutes during the first year after initial activation . This service is cheap enough that I bought phones for both my wife and myself , I do n't know of any other service that even comes close .
 TracFones certainly have their place . I bought one for my husband , to keep in touch with the children when he 's away -LRB- he 's in the Navy and works on a ship so phones are n't always handy , yet he does n't `` need '' a cell phone for constant , continual use -RRB- . I also bought one for our babysitter . She 's in her early 20 's and -LRB- I 'm a cautious mommy -RRB- , want her to be able to have access to a telephone full time , especially when she takes my children on walks or to the park , so that I can reach her and so that she can reach me at any time.For uses like this , it does n't make sense to purchase into a standard cell phone contract.I was stuck for a high school graduation gift for my nephew and the TracFone made perfect sense as well . If his car were to break , or if he were at a party and needed a ride home , not to mention for the sake of having a phone in case of any emergency or just to `` keep in touch '' as he leaves for college , the TracFone fit the bill.His birthday was just a month later and everyone tucked TracFone cards into his birthday cards . They are easily purchased and easy to mail . Too , you 'll never have problems finding the `` perfect gift '' for someone who has a TracFone as the TracFone cards are necessary for TracFone use.Do check the TracFone website as they are always running TracFone promotions , 10 units -LRB- each unit equals a minute of phone time -RRB- , for registering . Often offering minutes or money back on rebates , etc.The mathematics -LRB- units per dollar -RRB- add up to savings on minutes when you purchase units in higher denominations . Right now , 300 minutes for $ 100 is the best that TracFone offers . I imagine though , that as TracFones increase in popularity they may become competitive with standard cell phone services.Great gift idea ! You give someone a TracFone , which is a real cell phone -LRB- and a nice cell phone at that ! -RRB- , you register it and are provided with a local phone number -LRB- or whichever area code you need or choose , but if it is a long distance phone number you will be subject to roaming fees -LSB- time or units rather , deducted as it connects to a local cell -RSB- -RRB- , and that 's that ! You need not provide any credit information nor are you locked into ANY contracts , but you do have piece of mind .
 I 've had my tracfone for a few months . I was refered by a friend and was suppose to get the one year service , 10 additional minutes for on-line sign up , and 60 minutes for the refer a friend program.I like the phone but getting the 10 minutes and then the 60 minutes has been a nightmare.I believe that tracfone makes it difficult so people give up on getting what is promised . In the end I received everything but was on the verge of writing my Attorney General 's Office to do it.Phone itself is excellent , clear reception , and good coverage .
 I bought a TracFone just for `` emergencies '' as I am not a hard core cell phone user ; I use it mainly while traveling . In that respect it is a great phone . I have not found a spot -LRB- outside -RRB- where I could not get a signal . I have purchased `` time '' only on the TracFone web site , which is very convenient and painless . You do need to buy the `` 1 year '' card to keep your same phone number , or never let your time run out or `` expire '' . I now have two phones -LRB- give one to the kids to carry -- if it is lost , no one is going to run up a big phone tab -RRB- . You can get a reconditioned digital phone and free minutes.All-in-all a very practical phone -LRB- customer service -- when needed -- is good -RRB- .
 People who said they were stuck with their `` worthless '' deactivated Tracfone cards were not being truthful . You CAN exchange them for new ones . Last Christmas I bought ten 10-minute Tracfone cards from Amazon . I used four of them without problems . When I could not use the remaining cards , I called Tracfone Customer Service . They gave me an address to send in my six 10-minute cards . Within 3 weeks , I received back three 30-minute cards . So , I actually came out ahead with the exchange.I 'd have given Tracfone 5 stars if it had n't taken a long wait to get to a Customer Service Rep.
 This is a great price for a tracfeon card . I prefer the tracfone because you pay as you go . Only spend as much as you can afford , no need to go into debt for a cell phone . They have great CS and an awesome website !!
 We have relied on Tracfone as our only cell phone system . We have owned it for 4 years and finally our original phone 's technology -LRB- CDMA -RRB- became obsolete and Tracfone sent us a free new phone -LRB- GMA technology that allows us to call internationally as well -RRB- which arrived the next day . We were able to transfer the remaining minutes and the old cell # to the new phone seamlessly , with one customer-service call that lasted 20 min . The customer rep -LRB- who was in Belize -RRB- spoke good English and was very courteous and professional . We wholeheartedly recommend Tracfone for those who wish to have no long-term contracts and only use a cell phone for real reasons - not to yak-yak endlessly and meaninglessly . This is a great product !
 I 've had my Tracfone for about 3 months now . The reception has been generally good . Once i got the phone activated , I have n't had any problems . Tracfone has a ` refer a friend ' program that will give each of 120 free minutes . All you have to do is send me an email asking for a referral . My email is debsclay@gmail.comthank you .
 My tracfone has worked out good so far . Customer service is fine and the free voicemail was easy to set up and use . If you decide to get a tracfone , please email me for a quick referral before activating it - we each will get 100 free minutes from the ` refer a friend ' program . I 'll also send you the simple instructions to follow . I 've used Tracfone for quite a while , so i should be able to answer any questions you might have.ps even if you have activated in the last few weeks i can help you get the free minutes
 Good product TERRIBLE service . Could not activate online however customer service will give 10 bonus min . If you get through . Second phone I got for my wife de-activated 4 days after start . Web site was useless and could not get through to cust serv . E-mails returned said to call cust serv . I HATE LOOPS ! Read reviews and got scared . One review I read said to use new activation line on phone site to get a person . I did not get a person however I did get a prompt to activate the phone so I gave it a try . It worked ! Problem solved for now .
 I have been using tracfone for seven months and I am satisfied with it . I have light cell phone usage and it costs me less than 15 dollars a month . The signal is good , no matter in the city of Boston or in the countryside of PA. . I have not dealt with their custom service though . Tracfone has a promotion of 120 free minutes if you get an invitation from other users before you activate it . Let me know if you need one . And I can help you even if you have already activated it recently .
 We have two teenage kids , both of them have a tracfone now . It works great on keeping in touch with them as they are out . My oldest had a ATT phone with a major phone bill each month , but this phone has solved the problem . They are learning to control there minutes . I think the 300 minutes is a great card .
 It is a very good phone and prepaid service . The signal is better compared to my old T-mobile at Boston.Pros
 I purchased my Tracfone with a 1-year plan -LRB- $ 8/mo . -RRB- and have been happy with both phone and service.Depending on what month in 2005 you purchase a card in , you can get additional free minutes when you buy a card with 100 minutes or more and use the following promotionl codes at tracfone.com : Mar 55262 30 minutes with a 100 card.Apr 52919 40 minutes with a 100 card.May 58976 30 minutes with a 100 card.Jun 54252 100 minutes with a 400 card.Jul 51351 100 minutes with a 1 year card.Aug 59394 40 minutes with a 100 card.Sep 57396 20 minutes with a 100 card.Oct 52094 40 minutes with a 100 card.Nov 54114 100 minutes with a 1year double minute card.Dec 53600 50 minutes with a 200 cardIf you purchase the 1-year card and activate at tracfone.com use the promotional code 57448 for +200 free minutes.Tracfone also gives +100 free minutes to new customers referred to by current Tracfone users . Just e-mail me at captwilliams@gmail.com for a referral .
 I have had my 2 Tracfones for about a month now , and I agree with most of the options I have read on this site , so to sum up .1 . I love this plan 99.9 % . More on that .1 percent later .2 . I use the Tracfone occasionally , and my brother relies on it as his primary phone , and we both are happily saving 50 % from our prior cell plans -LRB- even though it costs about 50 cents per minute -RRB- . I suppose that it is not so great for heavy users .3 . They have many purchase plans to choose from , and it is not too difficult to do the math and determine which one is right for you . I am thinking about the one year 150 minute plan for my next purchase .4 . My phones arrived 24 hours after I ordered . I have never gotten anything so fast . -LRB- You must be home to sign for them , and that can be a problem if you work ! -RRB- 5 . I had a problem activating one phone because it arrived set to the wrong public system selection . -LRB- Possibly because it was a reconditioned phone ? -RRB- Customer service debugged and fixed that pretty fast . Their 1-800 number is helpful if their automated menus address your problem , however the trick to get a live customer rep is to choose the `` new phone setup '' option and ask for the person who can help with your particular problem .6 . The Web site is nice and fast , although I have found that they do not give clear specifications -LRB- or inconsistent specifications -RRB- on complex promotions and programs , leaving me with more questions than when I started . However , the non-complicated stuff -LRB- like activating the phone and buying time -RRB- is a pleasure to use , and they should give an award to the person who designed that part of their web .7 . I have seen complaints that the provided phones are a year or two old . Okay , I suppose that if having the latest looking phone is important -LRB- and I know it is to some people -RRB- , then you will not like Tracfone . I got a couple of Nokia 5125 's and except for the fact they do n't vibrate -LRB- without the special battery -RRB- and are hard to lock , they are fine . I even ordered some cheap new colorful faceplates so now I 'm `` hardcore phat '' again -LRB- or whatever -RRB- .8 . OK - That .1 % to watch out for
 My tracfone has worked out good so far . Customer service is fine and the free voicemail was easy to set up and use . If you decide to get a tracfone , please email me for a quick referral before activating it - we each will get 100 free minutes from the ` refer a friend ' program . I 'll also send you the simple instructions to follow . I 've used Tracfone for quite a while , so i should be able to answer any questions you might have.ps even if you have activated in the last few weeks i can help you get the free minutes
 The tracfone has good reception . i like that it has free call waiting and free caller id . if you have n't activated your tracfone yet then the ` refer a friend program ' will give each of us 100 free minutes . please send me an email and i will send you a fast referral . it 's a win/win ! thankspat22pat@gmail.com
 I wanted a phone but not be paying the high monthly fees that most plans require . With TracFone , you only pay for what you use . If you are using a cell phone constantly , then a monthly plan would likely be better , but if you want one for emergencies and the occasional grocery store `` Hey , pick up some ... '' , then this is the way to go . I purchased the online www.TracFone.com deal with a 300 double minute card with 1 year service that comes with a Motorola V60i . Price is $ 129 . Every card you buy after that gives you double minutes . Activation was simple and done over the web . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 'd had prepaid cell thru AT&T strictly for emergencies and urgencies ; but I had to keep renewing every 90 days , and the Ericsson phone would n't hold a charge . A cell phone that wo n't hold a charge is useless.I went to Walmart , looked at the 4 prepaid cellplans they had , realized that most of them required you to renew every 45 to 60 days , and that not all of them provided full coverage in Florida . Tracfone offeres full coverage , tho if you are out of your local calling area you will use ` double minutes ' . Nonetheless , if you need it , it 's worth using the double minutes . Tracfone offers 150 minutes good for one year , for $ 94 , and right now they are offering a bonus 100 minutes . So far I am very pleased , very clear signal , it has n't dropped a signal , and it holds the charge . If you need to stay connected 24/7 it is probably quite pricey , but for someone like me who uses it maybe once a month , and keeps it primarily in the glove compartment in case of emergencies , its ' fine . The point is , for less than $ 150 I got an operating cellphone , with one year warranty , that holds a charge , has -LRB- so far as I can tell -RRB- 100 % coverage , and 270 minutes good for one year and two months -LRB- initial activation gives you 20 minutes if you do it on the web , and is good for 60 days ; the one year card extends it for another year past the initial date -RRB- . I do n't use the C-P a lot , but when you need it , it 's a godsend . $ 47 including tax for the new Nokia Digital cellphone , $ 101 including tax for the 250 minutes good for a year . What do you want for $ 150 ?? Even the cheapest cellplans are going to run me over $ 20 month . If you have to stay connected 24/7 , it is going to get real expensive real fast , but if you use it lightly , I do n't know of a cheaper , easier , more reliable provider .
 I love these phone cards and I love Tracfone . They have great bonus offers when you buy these larger denomination cards , sometimes for double minutes , sometimes for extra bonus minutes . It averages about 23 cents per minute.The older Amazon reviews from 2002 and 2001 are outdated here . You only use 1 unit per minute if you are calling inside your home calling area -LRB- which are normally pretty big -RRB- . If you are outside your area , you use two units per call . Long distance is free anywhere because you use units based on what area you are in , not who you call.They never had a promotion for 50 free minutes when one bought phones . They only had a free 30 minutes promotion , so the user who had the hassle with Tracfone over 50 minutes did n't read their box or info correctly . They created their own customer service hassle . I 've never had a problem with Tracfone or their CS dept , because I read my materials.It 's a great deal . If you go to Tracfone 's website , they usually have better deals that retailers .
 My tracfone has good reception . i like that it has free call waiting and free caller id . if you have n't activated your tracfone yet then the ` refer a friend program ' will give each of us 120 free minutes . please send me an email and i will send you a fast referral -LRB- i check my email often -RRB- . it 's a win/win ! thank you .
 I 've had my Tracfone for about 9 months . It has good battery-life between charges . The phone itself is compact and stylish . I also bought the optional adapter that plugs into my car cigarette lighter . Tracfone has a ` refer a friend ' program that will give each of 100 free minutes if i refer you anytime before you activate the phone . All you have to do is send me an email asking for a referral .
 tracfone is a great company for anyone looking to get a contract free cellphone . because you can buy the minute cards anwhere this service is good even for kids . i would highly recommend their service to anyone especially if you have kids . with their new digital service you get free caller id an voicemail , which many of the other wireless service dont have . And if you are just activating your phone or even just reactivating you can get 100 free minutes by using the refer a friend service . you can email me at shivathediva2003@yahoo.com and i will send you a email and you can get a free 100 minutes . I hope that you find this review helpful . I also have the information on how to send ringtones to tracfone phones , which i will send with a referral
 We set up our phones with the 300minutes/1yr service/double units on future cards.Going to be awhile before we have to buy more : -RRB- If you want 100 FREE minutes BEFORE you activate your new phone , email me at zdmom@earthlink.netand I 'll send you a referral .
 I bought 2 of these phones for my daughters and activated them last night . They are great ! Perfect for them . I actually bought the 300 minutes/double minute plan for a year . There 's a referral program where you and I would get 100 free minutes if I send you a referral . -LRB- ... -RRB- It 's really easy and for 100 free minutes , you ca n't beat it !!
 My tracfone has worked out good so far . Customer service is fine and the free voicemail was easy to set up and use . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My husband & I had a contract w / Verizon that was $ 65 per month -LRB- 780 per year ! -RRB- . He wanted me to have a cp in case of an emergency . I ended using the phone while driving just because I wanted to eat up minutes . Bad Idea . We gave up the verizon contract and got 2 tracfones before Christmas . It 's working great for us . The per minute cost is high but if you use it as infrequently as we do , tracfone is a great option . Also they have a refer-a-friend program where if an exstisting tracfone user sends an email ` invitation ' to the new tracfone user & he uses it to activate their phone - both parties get 100 free mins !! If you do n't know someone who is an existing member - -LSB- ... -RSB- I want to add that you can purchase cards that allow your minutes to last a year or cards where they last 60 or more days . THIS IS NOT something you have to keep track of - when you turn your phone on , the date you need to add mins by is RIGHT there along w / the current time , etc. . Any unused mins you previously had on there get rolled over , as long as you do n't go past the expiration date.Lastly , when you buy the phone , in the package you will receive coupon books with codes for doubling your minutes when you buy airtime cards . I personally think it 's a great way to go !! K.Goode
 I would like to retract my 1 star rating of tracfone and give them 4 stars . They actually replaced my plus 3 card with a new 150 1 year card . I think the customer service has got better but not great . My original message is below - Tracfone all of a suddden decided to discontinue the plus 3 airtime cards that were good for 1 year . That means all the people who have purchased these cards are out of luck . Tracfone will not accept these cards anymore so people are out a lot of money . I purchased a few plus 3 cards last year . when i went to use the card this year they said invalid and you are stuck . the customer service at tracfone is terrible . i use to recommend tracfone to people . I will never ever recommend them again . !!!!!!! STAY AWAY FROM TRACFONE !!!!!!!
 This is probably the best deal on Tracfone that you can find ... The tracfone service is excellent , I have used it in different places like Missoula Montana and Flagstaff , Arizona . I highly recommend it .
 I use Tracfone as a second line at my house , since I can not keep the kids off the phone . It works well , as ` call foward '' takes the calls right to my Tracfone . I keep the calls short , saving the long calls for landline . This saves me a lot of money , as the T-fone costs a lot less per month than a second land-line and it is very handy when outside working in the yard or shopping . The 300 min . card is the best value . Since the minutes do n't expire , I think this is the way to go .
 I purchase Tracfone in Sept. 2002 , and I think that it is a good phone . I got my 30 min free
 This is the first Kyocera 6035 leather case available - and it 's not bad , but there 's certainly room for improvement . The side elastic is positioned in a way that still gives you access to the hands-free attachment port . However , I was mislead by the review editor 's comment about the included `` belt strap '' . I was hoping this was more of a belt loop - allowing the case to slip onto a belt without use of the swivel belt clip -LRB- which I 've found easily get snapped off . -RRB- So , my wish for an improvement to this product is a belt loop .
 I purchased this for a client and installed it into their home . It is a nice system with a lot of neat features such as the cellular phone bluetooth connection . You can make and receive calls on the base station or with any of the accessories with keypads using your cell phone 's line . You can even use the base 's answering machine function to answer your cell phone calls in a certain number of rings . It has voice annunciation of your caller id calls . It comes with Windows software to upload names and numbers into the base station which you can then send to each of your accessories . This kit came with a camera phone and room monitor . The monitoring functions are numerous with motion detection and audio triggering functions to determine events such as paging a station or your computer . You can take photos , video , and video intercom with the video phone . I did find that intercom with video does have a latency in the transmission which renders it almost useless for practical purposes . I do n't know of anyone who would actually use it on a daily basis . The audio clarity is great . I really like the features set which make this more than just a phone system . It had to be for the price . I give it four stars for that reason .
 My husband and I both have this phone/battery . The battery charge seems to last forever . I use the palm frequently , but the phone infrequently and only charge about once weekly . My husband uses both more frequently , so routinely charges nightly , but has never been close to being low ! Excellent battery !
 Identical to the battery shipped with the phone . Charges and discharges as advertized .
 Have used this phone and battery for over 2 months and found it to be exceptional . . have had this phone on standby up to 4 days without a charge . .
 Battery is identical to the original shipped with the phone . Charges and holds charge as advertized . Have had no problems with the product .
 I bought this for my wife 's 3035 . It works perfectly with that phone . Moreover , it 's half the price of the Kyocera 3035 charger Best Buy sells . The downside is the length of the cord -- a bit shorter than she -LRB- or I -RRB- would prefer . Oh well ...
 Although the phone has an excellent battery life , you need this when you drive a lot . The construction is about the same as other power adapters at this price . And it has a fuse to protect your phone from auto charging systems . Good stuff . -LRB- shouldve been a bit longer though . -RRB-
 Works fine . Phone charges quickly with the product and the chord stretch makes using the phone while charging no problem . -LRB- Drive Safely ! -RRB-
 This cover fits my KRZR K1M great . The color pink is a little lighter than I would like , but overall it 's a great cover . I just hope it lasts longer than the last one I bought -LRB- a completely different cover - rigid plastic -RRB- .
 I cant believe how much I payed for this , I think I paid like 7 dollars from MyStore4u . I carry it in my laptop case as a second charger . The best part is that it is also a hotsync cable and it charges your palm at the same time .
 For Palm Treo 650 / LifeDrive / For Palm TX / Tungsten T5 / E2 Sync and Charge Cable - USB Travel Charger Adaptor Bundle -LRB- US Standard -RRB- Good price.Charger is very comfortable for use , dependable in exploitation
 This was just what I needed . The delivery was quick . The price was great . Good service
 This batery was new , come on time this shiptment is fast , the product is in good conditions thans for senden quicly .
 I am impressed , especially after reading a few negative reviews about battery life not being much better ... but I can honestly say without a doubt , that I have at least 4 or 5 times more battery time with the new one , that I purchaced here , and that is what I was wanting , so thank you !
 great deal and fast service and the phone service place says you have to upgrade because they are out of date , good luck getting me to do that
 great price , fast service completly satisfy with it . I am happy that I bought two of thse . Looking forward to do more business with you . thanks
 I decided to return to my LG CU500 after some frustration with my newer LG VU920 . One of the reasons I bought the LG VU920 was that the battery packs I had for the CU500 just were not holding charge like it was when new . This battery I rate a a 4 because I still do not get the battery usage that I did when the phone was new and maybe it is the phone . Even when I keep Bluetooth off , I do not get a full days service . It indeed may be the phone and not this battery .
 This product is great ! Really brand new when i got it . Talk time is really good ! I 'm happy with it : -RRB-
 The product seems to be as good as the original . It was delivered in a timely fashion . I would recommend this seller to my friends .
 Works great ! I definitely could see an increase in battery life after using this product .
 The product turned out good . I am happy with the way that the delivery turned out too . I will recommend this seller to my friends .
 LG does not retail this battery any longer . Found this item on Amazon . Great price . Shipping was quick . The battery was first charged and is performing well . Should have bought two .
 The batter works for my phone without much problem . It does not fit like a glove but still fits well . Prompt service .
 I received the battery very quickly well packed an in it 's original bubble pack.This battery is a 700 MA in contrast with the original which was a 500 MA battery . I need the extra capacity as I use the phone for my internet connection and it does n't charge when connected to the computer . So it is a little thicker which does n't bother me a bit however it might be an issue for some . It took firm pressure to lock it in place , a little more pressure than I think might be normal but it is firmly locked and after a couple of weeks of use it seems to be working just as it should.I am very satisfied with this product and vendor and would order from them again . The price and the shipping were both very reasonable .
 This phone case is just what i was looking for . I like the rubber bumpers in the corners of the case so pretty much no matter how you drop your phone its pretected
 This is a great little product that has already saved my phone several times . I am outdoors much of the time and this does a great job protecting it . Now if they could just develop a cover for the front screen that was tougher .
 dont believe the other guy who gave this product a one star . I think the phone case looks so nice and it gives great protecton for the Droid . Im very very very pleased with the purchase !
 I bought a used Canon Powershot camera from a friend but it did n't come with the USB cable to hook it up to my PC . I already had the cable from another camera so it was no big deal but then my wife decided to give the other camera we had to her mother so I needed another cable . All I wanted to do was transfer my photos to my computer without taking out the SD card and putting it in the computers card reader . The USB cable is more convenient . So I needed another cable . All this cable has to do is transfer data from my camera to my PC , and that 's what it does . This is not an official Canon product but it does the exact same thing the Canon cable does at a fraction of the price . The seller did not advertise the cable as a Canon product -LRB- in fact it is advertised as non OEM -RRB- so I expected it to look different when it arrived in the mail . The Canon cable is white , this one is black . The Canon cable is around $ 30 , this one is under $ 5 including shipping . This cable works exactly like my white Canon cable does . So okay now I have a cable and so does my mother in law and I 'm out approximately $ 4 . That 's how I roll . Yea , baby . Just make sure this is the cable you need by looking up your camera on the Canon website . If your camera uses an IFC-400PCU cable then this cable will work for you . You will be happy . Peace .
 I lost my cable to my Canon digital camera to connect it to my computer . I was a little dismayed when I saw that to purchase a new one from Canon would run me $ 16 . Some poking around proved to be the right idea . My cable cost literally $ 0.01 and did exactly the same thing as the Canon cable , at 1/160th the cost . Excellent
 Too bad this cord was n't able to help me download videos from my phone to computer . But I can still use it for charging and the product arrived quickly .
 I recommend both this cable and my seller 100 % . It works great and the price was great and it arived in a timely manor
 Needed to down load pictures from my Cannon camera , and it did exactly that . Exactly as advertised , no problems . Arrived quicker than expected . Prompt service . Thanks !
 One of the best interface cables I 've ever owned -LRB- this is not my first -RRB- I 've had many with faulty wiring before that would work for a week and die . No problems so far , works great with a variety of products , more than just my canon camera .
 THis product does exactly what is intended for and even with shipping it is a great value .
 We bought this Canon Interface Cable IFC-400PCU Compatible Cable on 12/01/2008 . It came instantly and we only paid a few dollars for it !!! It works fine . Best buy on the web ever !!
 Misplaced the cable for my Canon SBD800 IS . This was so cheap I figured I did n't have much to lose by giving it a try . It works great !
 I 'd never used bluetooth and I did n't want one that I 'd have to clip onto my ear whenever I got in the car so I was looking for a simple hands-free device . This is it.Clipped to my sun visor it puts the speaker and the mike very close so that I can hear well and the caller can hear me clearly . In case I wanted to mount it elsewhere the clip is movable and removable and the mike swivels to pick up the sound best.There were two unexpected bonuses and one unexpected weakness . First the weakness -- it has no AC adapter to charge up its rechargeable batteries . It does , however , include a cigarette lighter charger as well as a small adapter that allowed me to fit an AC adapter I already had for a different device . So , since I could charge it at the wall socket after all I guess I ca n't complain.The bonuses had to do with its functions . First , when I got in the car and a call came to my cell phone , even though I 'd forgotten to turn on the hands-free device , it turned itself on and I could answer the call normally with the press of a button . Second , when I left my cell phone on silent vibrate , the hands-free device did not sound with the normal programmed ringtone but it did give a little discreet chime to let me know someone was calling anyway . Both are very helpful bonuses if , like me , it 's not yet second nature to line up all your devices before setting off.I 've used my cell phone 's voice calling feature through the device and it has been at least as effective as speaking commands directly into the handset . So all those things , along with the price that made this one of the least expensive devices I found , lead me to give it five stars .
 I had ordered this item in anger at AT&T . Their replacable charger was $ 29.95 and this one was 2.99 . Well I got the bargain of the deal . The charger works just fine . It was just as fast and durable as the more expensive item and I feel I got a bargain .
 The charger is working very well . The cell phone is charging very well . The charger came at the estimated time .
 This product was just what I needed . The transaction was simple and quick which is what you want .
 It fits perfectly over the phone alone . It slides and it also protect the phone . The only negative is that the belt attachment on the back is not removable . I do n't use the attachment , so it does get in the way . Also , I have some phone dangles , but the cover does not fit well over it , but it still works . I love the red color ... it makes my phone unique .
 It was hard to find a cheap case for my Panasonic x70 . This case fits perfectly and it looks great . The problem i have is that when I close the phone , sometimes it doesnt close completely so not only am I using more power , I can not see the outer screen but once I put more pressure on it , it closes perfectly and the outer screen can be seen . For the price , it is a great bargain !
 I really like this cell phone cover . It fit 's my phone perfectly . It takes a little getting use to and you have to take it off to use the headphones or to charge it . If not for that , I would have given it 5 stars instead of 4 .
 The cover protects the phone well , but you have to remove it to access the recharge port . The snap is a little tight when you first put it on , but is adequate after it is used some . The whole thing was worth the purchase price until body glove makes one for it .
 This case is great except for one thing
 Charger is actually better than my original charger . For the 3 cents I paid - great deal .
 Unit charges cell phone quickly but gets very warm in the process . I will not leave this unattended for a long period of time while plugged into the wall socket .
 This works beautifully for my 8125 . It seems to charge my device even faster than other options , like my car charger or through USB . You can never have too many chargers around , can you ?
 I was skeptical when ordering , but for the price , I thought , `` what the heck . '' I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to put on , and how much it revamped my love of my phone 's sleek style . I 'm very pleased .
 They provided exactly what I was looking for in an expeditious fashion . It 's working great !
 I needed a new battery for my phone since my did n't last a day without being back on the charger . So I bought this replacement and it now last for a few days . Great price and a nice product , I would highly recommend .
 I needed one for my cel , because the original one wear off the color and it looked awful . These housing has a great color and it 's material seems much stronger then the original . I 'm very satisfied with it .
 This battery worked well and has come in handy since the battery that came with my phone does n't hold a charge very well .
 I have a Phantom phone -LSB- old school , I know ! -RSB- and I love it . I needed a case for it so I went online here and ordered one.It 's convenient for me and does well at protecting my phone . The only problem was that I put the clip on and had a heck of a time getting it off.Other than that it was a good purchase .
 Unlatches rather easily . Still should protect your PDA from light to moderate splashing if you 're careful handling it so it wo n't open . It 's actually bigger than I thought from looking at the pictures -LRB- it easily fit my old Compaq iPaq -RRB- . If you want a MUCH better case , look at the Otterbox 1900 .
 I received the Otterbox 2600 PDA Case very quickly and it has everything that I expected . The unit is new and has all the padding necessary to fit just about any handheld device I can think of . Thank you .
 I just bought this phone about 3 weeks ago . My previous phone was an LG flip phone that I was really unhappy with . The only flaw I 've noticed is the camera does n't seem to be as good as those on the flip phones and the pictures seem to be blury . Also I have n't been able to find any cute faceplates yet ... I get clear reception , good service , and an awesome $ 10/mo plan which includes unlimited Text messages and unlimited PCS Vision usage.So , i would highly recommend this phone . It 's small , light-weight , and a fun phone to play with .
 I had this phone for 4 years and just gave it away for an upgrade , which turn out to be a mistake . The ringers are loud , very sturdy especially if you place a leather cover on it . It may not be a MP3 player with all the BELLS AND WHISTLES but the radio is a great feature that others `` wish they had '' . I 've owned nothing but Nokias and have never had any mechanical issues with their phones . If your looking for something basic -LRB- radio , phone , ringers , text and some internet -RRB- this is a very dependable phone , despite the small display/keypad .
 Had Samsung phone for several years , and recently replaced with Sanyo PM-8200 , which has superb speaker phone ability , easy to use web navigation , pretty darn good camera capability . The weak point is that it 's got the poor signal reception -LRB- slightly better than Samsung -RRB- . Only area where I have a problem with reception is in my house . ^ ^ Just added this Nokia to my plan , and this thing has an exellent reception . As far as other web , camera and speaker capability are concerned , this phone does n't seem to be made for that . And I agree that turning on the phone has been the biggest flaw , as I do n't have a long nail . : - -LRB-
 camera . speaker phone . stereo FM radio . two places you can plug in headsets . can store 400 phone numbers . email , internet . a lot more ... Do n't even listening to other viewers ' words . Go do your own research.it gets great signals . I had a samsung , i will not waste my money on that brand . Made in Korea , do they make good stuff ? Go figure . Nokia company is from enrope . If you go to asia and europe , the majority of the cell phones you will see on the street is Nokia . Only stupid `` Bush controled '' the country use damn samsung and LG etc.Take a look at those who gave bad reviews , they are from the midwest , southern states . Freaking farmers and corn eater . Just like those who voted for Bush.wake up `` brainwashed bush controled '' people . Get out side the box .
 I 've had this phone for about 3 weeks now , and have been pretty happy with it . My previous phone was a Motorola Timeport -LRB- Startac-style -RRB- flip-phone , which I was very happy with.As for the Nokia 6225 ... Pros : - good size ... not too small-good reception-speakerphone works acceptably -LRB- for hands free operation when needed ; people on the other end report a bit of static/echo , which is to be expected from a speakerphone on a device this small -RRB- - camera is a gratuitous but neat feature -LRB- be aware that Picture Mail will cost you extra if you intend to use the camera -RRB- - lots of features -LRB- calendar , voice recorder , speakerphone , camera , web , contacts , voice dial , FM radio -LSB- only with the special headphones which double as an antenna , though -RSB- , etc -RRB- which might come in handy-no attenna jutting out from a cornerCons : - weak battery life ... Two hours of talk time is Nokia optimism . Whereas I could go a few days with my old phone with normal use -LRB- a few calls per day -RRB- , this one needs to be recharged every day or after a longish phone call -LRB- an hour -RRB- and it does n't give much warning before shutting itself off . Consider getting an extra battery or the car charger or an extra charger for work , etc.-stupid ring tones . Why ca n't they provide simple ringers ? You 've got to go online to find them and then buy them if you want some normal ringers . -LRB- This is a minor gripe . -RRB- - While inactive -LRB- when not in use or after a little bit of inactivity -LSB- such as a long pause when loading a picture or typing a message -RSB- -RRB- , the backlight on the screen turns off and the screen is virtually invisible . I 'm not sure if this `` sleep '' time might be adjustable.-small keys with no space between them . I find that I press the keys with my fingernails because a fingertip might press multiple keys .
 I got the Nokia PM-6225 phone about a month ago and I have generally been very pleased with it . This phone is PCS Vision Enabled , which means it can take advantage of all the online features that Sprint offers for a 15 dollar fee per month . This includes downloading games , ringtones , applications , and screensavers which all cost extra money . It also includes web access , email , and text messaging . This phone also comes with a digital camera , though the resolution is poor as camera phones go . You can take pictures using the phone and send them in an email to anyone with a computer or a camera phone . The games look great on the 128x128 pixel display , though the keypad can feel a bit cramped . You can only access the web about 60 percent of the times you try , but this can be blamed on the Sprint service , not the phone and may be different in places other than New York . When you do gain access it runs pretty well and takes about 5 seconds to load each page which is good for a mobile phone . The reception is clear most of the time , and voices usually sound good though they can get staticky occassionally . The phone comes with a speakerphone feature that works pretty well although people on the other line have told me that my voice appears distant at times . The phone also gives you the ability to listen to FM radio , though this requires an extra 30 dollars to buy the antennae/headset . The reasons this phone did not receive five stars were : - Fairly low quality on digital pictures.-The power button is on the top of the phone and does not stick out so it is hard to turn the phone on/off . - You can not gain access to the web a good portion of the time.-The keypad can feel cramped while playing games.-The screen can be hard to read in bright sunlight.Overall the Nokia PM-6225 is a great option for the Sprint customer who wants a cheap , PCS enabled camera phone , and I would recommend it . -LRB- The Nokia 6200 for ATandT is essentially the same phone without the camera feature . -RRB-
 I like this phone , many features - camera , infra red to synch with my laptop , Nokia easy menus , pictures assigned to contacts .
 I have been a long time customer of Nokia and have tried other brands but Nokia is the only brand that really gives consistently good service I can count on . I got a pair of these phones - one for me and one for my son . And had the same strengths and weaknesses with both . As far as the noise it makes when it takes photos - you can change the sound so that it is silent if you prefer . The camera does n't take expremely clear photos but honestly about half of the camera phones I have seen have the same problem with not devoting enough pixel space - it 's a camera phone . I really like the reliability of service though . Battery lasted a really long time and did n't have a problem with missed messages or dropped calls like I 'd had with other phones . The big problem was - it did not stand up to the tough beating both me and my son put a cell phone through . ONly lasted about a year before the connective case started to fall apart , the on off switch stopped working , the face got scratched ... the mechanics are great but the outer components are way too fragile unless you buy a case or are a very careful gentle person .
 I like my little Nokia PM . When I went to buy it I just wanted the cheapest phone that was a little better than my LG I was using . I had my land phone cut off because people only call on my cell phone . I was going to get the plain Nokia but this one was on sale for just 10.00 more . My college age kid has the Sanyo 8200 and I wo n't lie her camera is fantastic because it zooms and has a flash but for an extra 10.00 I always have a camera handy and most of my pics have come out pretty decent . They always look better once they are on my PC . I have n't used the radio on the phone . I did n't get it for that purpose but I have the headset . Sprint 's been decent to me and I got this in the Sprint store so for the price it is a good deal . Cell phones are just so expensive now due to all of the gadgets . This is a good basic phone . Do n't expect expensive phone reception or expensive phone camera options when you are paying the bare minimum for a cell phone . I give it an A . It serves my purpose . Has my phone book in it and I do n't lose calls like I did on my old LG phone .
 My phone fits in perfectly . I was always losing my phone in my purse , and now I find it very quickly when it 's ringing .
 This case is gorgeous . I purchased 2 , this one in magenta as a backup and another in red . They were easy to slip on and I never want to take them off . They 're hard shell and protective and I LOVE the look . That being said , I only paid around $ 2 for them so I 'm ultra-pleased . However , I ca n't say I would pay the $ 30 the msr claims . In addition , the clip does n't stay on . But I 've never found a case where the clip does n't fall off either , so it does n't bother me .
 I bought this iSling for my exercising routines , but it quickly replaced my messenger bag as my daily work tote . Despite my girlfriend and her friends making fun of me for carrying a `` murse '' I absolutely love this bag and will take it to my grave when I die at the age of 162 .
 For years Ive enjoyed using a similar style bag to carry small amounts of belongings whether to and from work , on vacation , for the gym , and a plethora of various uses . I used a similar smaller old navy shoulder sling for about 7 years being unable to find a suitable comfortable replacement of small yet functional size , until this one . I feel many similar style slings & packs look somewhat feminine in style & design , but this one is very gender neutral . - Quite durable material - Very comfortable shoulder strap & back padding with breathable material that does not feel warm . - 2 pockets are very convenient and open very wide - The 3rd shoulder strap pocket is conveniently located . Ive hardly used it but it can be very useful when need be.You cant beat the price of $ 25 shipped on Amazon compared to the $ 40 - $ 50 is retails for . Ive been using it for about a month so far and have just one slight design complaint . Otherwise , its a 5 star item . - The adjustable strap , when fully shortened , has the additional slack hanging in an awkward fashion that can get caught up easily on your arm or perhaps a nearby object . But Only someone very short and small would be able to wear it at its shortest level . I 'm very anal , so this is a far stretch that most people would likely not realize .
 I really enjoy this versatile case . There is one exception or I would have rated it 5 stars . I have a motorola razor phone . Fits perfectly . It 's difficult to find a case to fit this phone , but this is perfect!Due to the satin fabric , it kept slipping out of the case ; possibly losing my phone . So to remedy this problem , I put a small piece ofvelcro in the middle top of the case and on my phone . It stays perfectly in place now and is easy to take out when it rings !!!! I love the leopard fabric , it matches all of my leopard purse accessories !
 Adorable , just fits my smartphone . This is a great idea , I 've been looking for something to clip on the outside of my purse , this fits the bill . Also like the longer strap . Would recommend to a friend .
 Very nice . Comes with a long strap and a short strap that snaps on . The only thing is phone can easily slide in and out , and I put a palm treo in mine and it fits perfect . I think I will also put a little piece of velcro on my phone and case to keep it from falling out .
 The Treo 650 has been a lifesaver for me . It does so many things well , email , web access -LRB- fast -RRB- , word and excell documents , too many to list and the adgendus program completes it . Not to mention the phone is as good as any I have had , and thats many . It is another device that always has more things it can do than you know and I am always learning more of its capabilities . If you want a complete device get the Treo 650 . It has small glitches like it might reset itself once a week but it does n't cause a problem , what device these days does not have a glitch or two ? This is a very complicated device.The small things like the good camera , attaching photos to callers with unique ringtones is not unusual but it is so easy with the 650 . The battery life is good all I want is a good carkit that does not have a earpiece . Great phone !!!!!
 I read through virtually every review of every PDA Phone before buying this one . I had my doubts whether one unit could contain both functions properly . It has been over a month now , and wow . It was SO worth the money.It immediately grabbed all of my data from MS Outlook without a hitch . The included data cable is so nice that I decided to not get the cradle as I had planned . I had also figured on buying the wireless earpiece , but the crystal-clear hands-free speakerphone built in to the unit made that unnecessary . I also find the phone reception , unlike some reviewer comments , to be quite clear , and gives far better reception and signal than my previous -LRB- decent-model Motorola -RRB- stand-alone cell phone . The PDA is truly splendid , far surpassing my last -LRB- admittedly mediocre -RRB- model . Since it 's larger than a cell phone -LRB- which , BTW , I very quickly got used to -RRB- , I found a case essential . I got the leather one , clipped it to my belt , and it 's great . I also tried the metal one , but it hands vertically , which is annoying . A few days ago , I dropped it really hard -LRB- totally my fault -RRB- while running fast on concrete , and figured that would be the end of it , but it barely got scratched , and works just as well as ever . And the normal battery life is excellent
 The first Treo sent to me had problems with the touch screen and buttons . I was told , it was just a lemon . Some Treos are . Amazon was great about axchanging it , at no cost to me .
 Speaking as a data support rep for this phone , its a very easy to use phone to set up email and internet . Always read your owners manual , no matter whether its on CD on a hard copy . The only thing I honestly do n't like about it is when you push the home button you go back to the top of the home screen instead of to the icon you pushed originally . Only other word of advice
 Treo 650Design - The deisign of the phone is awesome , not to large , and the keypad is small but still very easy to use . With the screen being 320px it 's large enough to see anything just fine.Features -LRB- Text Messaging , Multimedia Messaging , Ringtones , Games , etc. -RRB- - This phone is packed with features . Anything I basically want to download I can put on this phone . Anything that a computer has , my phone can get . I use Text Messages , and Email the most.Battery Life - The battery life is n't so bad , due all the features on the phone . You would think that the battery would n't last a day . Although i do charge it every night , it will last 2 - 3 days without needing charged . Even if i watch a movie with the SD card.Call Quality - This could be improved , but I am sure it is with the update that i have not done yet . I get great reception at times , but then it just drops.Overall Opinion - The phone is great . I ca n't wait for the windows version to come out . Right now it 's only available for Verizon , but hopefully Cingular will pick it up .
 In reading some of the reviews , I was a bit worried about the quality of the 650 . After 2 weeks of service , I can happily report that I have had no significant problems with the phone and Cingular 's service.I find that the audio from the phone is great , either via the earpiece , via a bluetooth headset or from the outstanding speakerphone.I just returned from a trip to the Netherlands , and other than a startup problem in my Cingular plan , the phone worked perfectly . I also want to give credit to Cingular , who found the problem and corrected it within minutes . Voice , email , web access , messaging all worked well.Reliability has been very good as well . A couple of minor reboots as I was installing applications , but nothing major at all , and the phone has not shut itself off once . I 'm using several applications like Documents to Go , Intellisync and AvantGo , and they all work perfectly.The only down side is that it 's a bit slow with the bluetooth headset . Sometimes I make a call , and it does n't switch to the headset until the person at the other end has already answered . On incomming calls , it will switch to the headset automatically , but again this sometimes takes too long , and I end up missing the call.Overall , a very satisfied customer
 The New-Age Treo 's are the best smart devices ever made ! I have used the T-Mobile Sidekick , the AT&T ; Motorola MPX , a Nextel Blackberry , a Samsung i600 , and even an older style Treo in the form of the Treo 300 . And out of every smart device I have ever used , the Treo 600 and 650 are 1000 times better then any of them ! 1 # The Treo 's have large color screens with full keyboards , but are still small enough to fit in your pocket .2 # The battery life is insanely long ! Both of the new Treo 's claim four to five hours talk time , I have found even longer . I often lay in my bed at night surfing the web for hours and hours , and by the time I am ready to go to sleep , my Treo 600 and 650 still have enough battery life to go a few more rounds .3 # Because the Treo 's are so popular the prices for accessories , software , add-on 's , ect are Much cheaper then those for the other types of smart devices on the market . There is even talk by Palmone to start using Linux as the Palmsource software core , so there will be even more software available . And because Linux is open source , the phones will eventually be cheaper then those running the Microsoft Pocket PC . With the added bonus of the dependability of Linux ! 4 # Because the Treo 's are of the Candy-Bar style design , they are much easier to talk on . Because there is no flip , or antenna to fumble with .5 # There is a software lancher called `` ZLauncher '' which has many features for your Treo 's software interface . One of which allows you to see the exact level of signal strength . By using this tool you can so how much better the Treo 's antenna and related components work , compared to any other phone on the market . I get a great signal with Sprint , but with Sprint and my Treo , my service is even better ! I get signals with my Treo in places where my Sanyo and LG did not . In fact , I get better signal strength with my Treo , then my friends get with their phones ! 6 # Palmone has a patent on a new design of smart device that they are working to bring to the market . A design nothing like the designs currently available . A PDA phone that will be thinner and still able to have a large full color screen and keyboard . SO the next generation of Treo 's will be even better!The only downfall to the Palmone Treo 's today , is price . That is because they are still new to the PDA phone market . Once they start making more and more phones , the prices will come down . And once they restructure their PDA manufacturing and company purpose in general , the prices will come down . I do n't normally write reviews on phones , because I used to be a Die-Hard Motorola phone fan , and I guess still am . But if Palmone keeps making phones this perfect , then I will only buy their phones for the rest of my life ! I can not say enough good things about these phones ! Try one and see what I am talking about . Use it with Sprint PCS 's $ 10 unlimited Visions access!Russell
 I have been a Cingular customer for 4 years now and have never had any problems with them -- ever . As for dropped calls , the only time I have trouble is if I drive by an area with lots of power transformers . I thought the Palm was too much technology for me -LRB- I am a college instructor and PhD student -RRB- and knew I would not use a lot of the internet capabilities , but after a month , I would be in so much trouble if I lost my Palm . I keep track of projects , work things , assignments , student assignments , etc. on my palm and I love it . I do n't have any trouble hearing with either the unit itself or with the earpiece . The price was a bit more than I wanted to pay for a phone , but I had some upgrade credits , so I spent the extra $ 50 for this phone and I am glad I did . Awesome product !!
 If your considering a pda/cell this is your best bet . Forget about the 700 , it uses windows mobile which in my opinion still has issues and i like the simplicity of palm os . The battery life is excellent the only real drawback is the size but this is fixed by good carrying case .
 I 've had mine for 2 months now and it has worked perfect . I got the treo BT headset and the Piel Frama case and a 1 gig flash card . I also bought the voice dialing feature , which works very well -LRB- It just does n't voice dial throught the BT headset -RRB- . It all totaled about $ 600 . Yes it 's expensive , but you get what you pay for . This phone is made for business . If you want it to be cool this is not the phone for you . It 's primarly a PDA and then a phone and palm did a very good job ! This is the first time I have ever left a review on amazon , but I just felt that the treo was getting some unfair reviews . Maybe since mine is a newer model with updated firmware that 's why I have n't experienced problems .
 I have had the Treo 650 for quite some time , and if the following were changed , I could live with it ... 1 -RRB- Volume , ca n't live with it being this low and crappy . I have a 3rd party program on here to try and fix the issue and it is no help . 3 different bluetooth headsets , no help either .2 -RRB- Stability , this thing does a reset for literally no reason other than it wants to.If / when the 700p or the rumored Hollywood makes it 's debut on GSM , then I might consider it , otherwise I might switch to a blackberry 8700c , but paying 44.99 for the blackberry data plan is highway robbery vs the 19.99 I play for the unlimited media plan , and it is the same thing ... I will say this , if you are thinking about getting a Treo , it is a crap shoot on whether you are getting a stable phone . It is a great device that allows you to have everything in one place
 I love that phone . This is a highly customize and flexible device , I totally recommend it to anyone who has a busy schedule and does n't mind a big phone . Phone function works great , although it takes some time to adjust to it 's big size . I was using small flip phones prior getting Treo 650 . Battery life is great , it can go easy 2-3 days without charging . Bluetooth surprisingly does n't eat up battery . Earpiece works really well , I do n't like that earpiece jack is n't standard . The display is very bright , and sharp . The camera pictures quality sucks , but who really uses phone-camera to take photos ? :-RRB- Users should install the latest Palm os patch to fix up resetting , battery life , and other problems . I find it annoying that the quick-shortcut buttons are not protected by keylock . Also , there is no multilingual support available unless third-party application is installed . The PDA reset a few times on me , but have installed quite a few third party applications on it .
 I 'd tried several PDAs and several phones and the Treo 650 finally seems to have closed the gap between the two very well . I went from a Motorola V600 , which I found to be very reliable and I like the bluetooth headset arrangement . The Treo 650 added bluetooth to the Treo line , and it 's compatible with my Motorola headset . It seems to be even more clear than the V600 was . The only other phone function I was concerned about missing was the voice dial . While it 's true the Treo does n't come with this installed , it does come with an upgrade option that works far better than anything I 've used before . The voice dial software actually works on any contact in your PDA database without a teach-function requirement . One more thing - I did have several problems with the first Treo 650s I tried -LRB- FIVE IN FACT -RRB- , but it seems that the later production runs have been better set up as there are none of the initial software glitches I was having with the first few units . I 'm very pleased with it now and highly recommend the phone .
 I 've had my Treo 650 for a little over a month now and love it . I did a lot of research on the different options for a PDA/phone , and decided that the Treo 650 was the best choice right now.First a general comment . Any PDA/phone is a more complicated device than a PDA alone or a phone alone , and as far as I can tell nobody has yet manufactured the `` perfect '' PDA/phone combo -LRB- maybe in the next couple of years ? -RRB- . There will always be little glitches to work out , but the benefits of the combination are great . If you 're not feeling a little adventurous , you may want to stick with using separate devices until the PDA/phone combo is truly `` perfected . `` Another comment on soft resets . I 've owned Palms since they first came out -LRB- the Treo 650 is my sixth Palm device -RRB- . A Palm device is a computer , and like all computers it sometimes crashes . When a Palm crashes , it usually does a soft reset and then automatically comes back up , usually working fine , in about 10 seconds . I 've maintained other people 's Windows PDA devices - when they crash they really crash . I 've sometimes had to completely remove all power sources -LRB- open device up , remove the batteries and then remove the penny-sized backup batteries -RRB- before these things would start back up . The Palm response to crashes is much better and much quicker . Note that when a Palm soft resets , it usually means that there is a software conflict -LRB- which is common , since there are a huge number of third-party apps out there , and some of the amateur-written ones are n't written to the same standards a professional programmer would use -RRB- . In the instruction book -LRB- buried toward the end , so probably not a lot of people read it -RRB- there is a useful procedure for isolating and removing the app that is causing the conflict.But on to the actual review : Pros :1 . Very good implementation of the phone/PDA tie-in -LRB- i.e. being able to call multiple numbers for the same contact from within the contact list , being able to add phone numbers from your received calls directly into contacts , etc. -RRB- . A lot of the phone/PDAs are n't that good in this area .2 . Great battery life , and the battery is removable and replaceable .3 . Great keyboard , and very well lit . The screen , while small , is exceptionally clear and easy to read . I thought that I would miss Graffiti -LRB- there is no Graffiti area on the Treo 650 , but you can get a third-party app that lets you use the main screen instead -RRB- , but I have n't . I was a very fast Graffiti person , but with a little practice I 'm able to use the keypad faster than I was ever able to use Graffiti .4 . Has an actual mechanical switch at the top to turn all sound on and off . This is extremely useful -LRB- no more fumbling through menus to find the `` silent '' or `` vibrate '' mode -RRB- .5 . Speakerphone is very useful - I 've found it to be loud enough in any situation except driving .6 . The bundled Documents to Go package is great . My favorite feature is the ability to bookmark places in a Word document -LRB- i.e. zoom right to where you want to go even if the document is hundreds of pages long -RRB- . I carry all of the reference materials I need for work this way , and bookmark the frequently used sections .7 . Small form factor . Several people have commented that it 's larger than they would like , but I think this is only accurate when comparing it to a phone alone or PDA alone . The Treo 650 seems a little smaller than most other PDA/phones .8 . Pretty good MP3 player capability .9 . It 's a Palm , which -LRB- just my opinion -RRB- means it 's more intuitive and easier to use than a Windows device.Cons :1 . No Wi-Fi . A couple of the newer Windows devices have Wi-Fi , and the new Palm Lifedrive -LRB- PDA only -RRB- has it . For the Treo 650 , you would need to get a separate Wi-Fi card to use in the expansion slot -LRB- which normally means that you could n't use the expansion slot for additional memory -LRB- see # 2 below -RRB- , but note that SanDisk sells a card that contains both the Wi-Fi capability and also expansion memory on one card -RRB- . This is really only a `` con '' if you rely on Wi-Fi a lot - I usually do n't have much need for internet access from my PDA , since I 'm usually near my office or home computer .2 . Low on the internal memory . The 23 MB provided is more than enough for calendar , contacts , tasks , documents to go , and a bunch of additional applications . But if you want to store loads of applications , thousands of pages of documents , pictures , or -LRB- especially -RRB- music , an expansion card is a must .3 . Palm left it up to a third party developer to sell software -LRB- I think about $ 30 -RRB- that lets you voice dial . Not sure why that happened , since even low-end cell phones have come with voice dial for a few years now .4 . Palm saved some money by providing the hotsync/charger through a cable instead of a cradle . Works fine , but it takes a few seconds more to hook the cable up compared to just dropping it in a cradle . A cradle that charges and hotsyncs is available as a separately purchased accessory .5 . Cingular 's customer service is sometimes pretty bad . However , I 've found it to be hit and miss . I 've gotten some very good reps -LRB- probably 33 % of the time -RRB- who took care of billing questions , etc. very quickly . The other 66 % of the time , it seems like they do n't know what they 're doing . You 'll know which kind you 're speaking with pretty quickly . Their customer service also appears to be split between different departments so you can get transferred a lot.Other Hints :1 . Take advantage of Cingular 's 30 day exchange if necessary . The Treo 650 I originally got had some type of problem with its SIM card slot , which meant that every so often it lost its connection with the SIM card . When this happened , the phone on the Treo 650 shut off by itself , which was annoying . Remember that Cingular offers a 30 day exchange right on all new equipment -LRB- not sure if that applies if the equipment is obtained through Amazon rather than a Cingular store -RRB- . I returned my first Treo 650 on the 25th day after I received it , and was issued a new one immediately and without any hassle , which was nice . Because it was a PDA , I just hotsynced and all of my info was back in . So , remember to save your receipt and all of the pieces and packaging . More importantly , for a hardware issue it would probably be better to just exchange the phone if you ca n't get it resolved in the first or second try with tech support .2 . On the issue of SIM cards , I learned during the episode described above that the `` brand '' of the SIM card actually does make a difference . The Treo 650 works better with some Cingular SIM cards than other Cingular SIM cards . If you have the opportunity to be in a Cingular store , try and find somebody who has this background and can give you one of the better SIM cards -LRB- no difference in price between any SIM cards , they just come with the phone -RRB- . Apparently the most successful SIM card with the Treo 650 is the `` Gem '' type -LRB- I do n't know what that means , and do n't know anything about SIM cards , but the `` Gem '' card in my Treo resulted in fewer problems compared to the card that was first installed -RRB- .3 . Importantly if you want to listen to music , the headset plug in the Treo 650 is for a 2.5 mm jack and not a 3.5 mm jack . The most common size of jack -LRB- used in most MP3 players , walkmans , the iPod , etc. -RRB- is 3.5 mm . You need to separately buy earphones/headphones to listen to music on the Treo 650 . I was actually not able to find a store that was stocking earphones with a 2.5 mm jack -LRB- looked in Best Buy , Circuit City , etc. -RRB- and ended up needing to get them online.Recommended accessories : Here is my personal list of what additional accessories you might want to buy to get the most out of the Treo . I 've had the best luck with accessories at a reasonable price through internet auction sites , since there are apparently a lot of non-household-name companies that make these accessories -LRB- and I do n't see the value of a `` brand '' name for something as simple as a case or charging cable -RRB- .1 . Case - the Treo 650 does not come with a case . The case I bought separately was aluminum with a neoprene lining , and cutouts for the phone buttons -LRB- but not the keyboard -RRB- . This is the best case to get if your Treo will get knocked around a bit , like mine does . If your Treo will live a more quiet life , then a leather case usually allows access to more of the device 's functions while still in the case .2 . Memory expansion card - secure digital -LRB- SD -RRB- format . Loads of these available everywhere , but make sure the card you buy has the stylized `` SD '' symbol on it to prove that it meets the basic SD specifications . The real cheap cards -LRB- which may not have the `` SD '' symbol -RRB- can cause problems .3 . Extra charger/hotsync cable for your home computer , if you will be locating the one that comes with the Treo at work .4 . Car charger -LRB- plugs into cigarette lighter -RRB- - can be a lifesaver .5 . Headphones for music - remember the 2.5 mm jack .
 My workplace wanted me to get a cell phone so that they could contact me when in transit between meetings . I had been fascinated by the idea of Blackberrys and Treos for quite awhile . One of my coworkers was upgrading to a Blackberry and was willing to let me use his Treo 650 . I learned about Palm by using a Zire 72s -LRB- see my review -RRB- . The Treo 's applications were just enough different that it took me a few weeks to feel comfortable with it . However , I have come to enjoy the Treo and really like the capabilities.The real power of the Treo is that it allows you to combine your PDA and cell phone into one combined package . If you do n't mind lugging around multiple gadgets , then the Treo may not appeal much to you.In no particular order , some of the issues that I have had are : * The price is just too high . If my work place had n't `` lent '' me one , I never would have paid this much for a cell phone/PDA combo . The Treo must get its base price below $ 300 before I would consider buying one with my own money . Indeed , if the prices do n't go down -LRB- or my workplace wo n't sell me the current phone at a discount when I leave -RRB- ; I will probably buy something like a TX and try to make `` Skype '' VOIP calls ! * You really need to buy a screen protector especially if you have oily skin or wear lots of make-up . * As another reviewer has noted , the `` Dint '' sound every time there is a change in network status is really annoying . If you turn the sound off , then the vibrating mode is too weak for you feel it if the phone is in a coat pocket . * The amount of memory with this phone is a joke . You really need an SD card . The bigger the better . I plan on buying a 2 GHz SD card . I would buy a 4 GHz card if they made them yet . While this could have been alleviated if Palm had added a life drive , it may be that SD technology is growing at a faster rate than one would care to replace hard drives . * Data is just too pricey for now . Moreover , the times that I 've played around with it , it is very slow like a 28.8 -LRB- or less -RRB- modem . On Palm 's web page , you can buy a WiFi `` Sled '' - whatever that is - for between $ 129 - $ 149 dollars depending on sales and rebates . I 'm not sure yet , but that might be something worth pursuing if you like data connectivity but do n't want to use the pricey cell phone data plans . * There has been a lot of discussion about 2.5 MM port for the headset . Apparently , 2.5 MM is the standard for cell phones while 3.5 MM is the standard for virtually every other portable device . In my case , this is not an issue . I 'm not an `` audiophile '' so I simply use my cell phone ear piece to listen to MP3 's . If that is an issue for you , you may consider getting a 2.5 MM to 3.5 MM conversion jack - they are sold at most Radio Shacks.Having used a Zire 72S and now a Treo 650 , I find that I 'm developing an opinion on what the ideal personal electronic device might look like in terms of capability . My completely subjective opinion of what the ideal personal electronic device would look like and some comments about how that compares to the Treo 650 are : * Ability to download and read books on-line
 I 've had my treo 650 for about 8mos , so I wanted to share my experience . I wo n't go over all the specifications , because you can see those anywhere . Instead , I 'll give my impression . First , the treo is very easy to navigate ; even the less technically-saavy could pick one up and operate it well in a short time . The phone aspect is very good , but you MUST purchase the Volume Care software at mytreo.com or some other provider . Without it , I could barely hear the person talking to me . With it , the speakerphone is extremely loud , too . Treo has no voice control , which I missed , but you can purchase software that may work well for that purpose . Battery life is about 5-6 hours , but I rarely used the power-draining internet or bluetooth . As for web searching , forget it . The browser is s-l-o-w . The camera takes decent pictures outdoors , but the quality really suffers indoors . I do like the sim drawer and the SD card slot on the top of the phone - very easy access to both . I filled up the internal memory of the device in little time , so a hefty SD card would be advisable . I did not download any songs , but the Real player feature is nice . I had a little trouble connecting the bluetooth to my computer , but that may be because my puter is older and I had to use a USB bluetooth adapter . Eventually , it did connect . Syncing with the computer is a breeze with the sync cable provided . I eventually bought the cradle - it can charge an extra battery . The device fits comfortably in my hand , but is very smooth and heavy ; thus can be a little slippery . I always feared dropping it , but have n't yet . The keyboard is cramped but that 's not really an issue for me although I have large fingers . The stylus is conveniently placed on top of the device . All in all , I have enjoyed my treo but am switching to a Torq P120 for voice controls , Windows Mobile , and wi-fi . I 've had the Torq for a few days , and so far , I like it better than the treo.Pros
 This item is indeed everything it 's cracked up to be . My comments below addresses in turn the Cingular service that comes with this particular Treo and the Treo itself.I am a `` legacy '' AT&T ; Wireless customer , so the phone I actually purchased was not through amazon.com but directly through Cingular/AT & T. ; The company had a terrible time guiding me through a complicated migration of service for three different cell phones , and the addition of data services to accomodate email , Internet , and messaging on the Treo . Others with less complicated migrations , or starting from scratch with Cingular , may not need to spend the four hours on the phone that I did . Once the GSM service -LRB- soemthing the Treo needs -RRB- was finally in place , I noticed a great improvement in clarity in phone calls . I 'd give Cingular two stars for upgrade customer service and five stars for quality of actual calls once the upgrade is completed.On to the hardware . The Treo has replaced
 Update
 I 've had the T650 for a couple of months now and let me tell you all you non-believers - I HAVE NOT EXPERIENCED ANY OF THIS : ** Automatic soft reset by the phone . ** Frozen screens with need to soft reset . ** No hard reset performed to date.I got my phone with the latest patch for Cingular T650 and probably that made the difference but there may be lemons out there with the above problems reported by others in this section.Here 's my impressions on the phone so far : ** Does Word/Excel documents right out of the box and I 've found this extremely useful for reviewing documents on the go . Editing documents is easily done but I dont use it so often and I would n't think many would either . ** Does email efficiently - I found composing emails on the bright large screen very easy . ** Syncs with outlook without a hitch . ** Plays music , podcasts and videos - I use this quite a lot for travel and now I can leave my iPod behind - one less cable and gizmo to lug around . ** Has tonnes of software and support sites - Palm has a large user base and you can practically search for applications to suit any need . I found this extremely useful on more instances than one . -LRB- Anyone tried using Metro or Google Maps for Mobile ?? They 're plain awesome ... -RRB- ** Single handed operation is a reality - I 've never used a Palm before and right out of the box I was able to use all the functions of the PDA/Phone without any need to use the stylus . ** Bluetooth sync and headset work - I use a Plantronics . I hate lugging cable around more than anything else and am thrilled that I can sync my Palm with my laptop using bluetooth . ** Web browser is functional and fast - no complaints there . ** Battery lasts for 2 days with a single charge - I use upto 1 hr of talk time everyday and 2 hrs tinkering with my T650 per day - so I should say that battery life is awesome.Now for some bad : ** The T650 would be almost useless without a case and memory card -LRB- SD -RRB- . I think Palm needs to include it in the package rather than the cheap headset they throw in . ** Camera resolution is QVGA - the lowest available - although I should say the pictures were good . ** Palm software takes some getting used to even though its intuitive but for a new Palm user like me it took about a week to fully learn the quirks - but I would guess it would be the same on a Windows mobile as well since I have n't used it either . ** Cingular 's data plan is overpriced right now.Hope thats useful info about the Treo 650 . Cheers
 If I could `` rate this item '' with 4.5 stars I would.What I like : - relatively fast internet access-bluetooth connectivity -LRB- though I 've had hotsync problems I have to work out -RRB- - decent resolution for camera-stylus is not needed as most applications can be used well using the built-in keyboard-phone is small enough to fit in pocket and reasonably light-weight-with appropriate software this becomes a very powerful device -LRB- I 'll mention what I use in the end -RRB- What I do n't like : - the volume buttons on the side of the phone ca n't be used in a different context i.e. i ca n't use them to scroll , which seems like an intuitive use for the buttons . The scroll buttons on the front of the phone are ok , but I would still like to be able to use the volume buttons to scroll like I can on other phones.-lack of good memory use - though to palmOne 's credit they ship 128MB SD cards to people that request them FREEI use this device with ACT ! 2005 and Agendus Pro -LRB- AP -RRB- . I recommend purchasing AP with this product as it is a far more robust application that the default PalmOne software . i.e. . The history of every call is recorded with every contact ; I can sync both ways with ACT ! 2005 ; etc -LRB- you should check out the free demo of AP if you 're serious about purchasing the treo -RRB- I also purchased a Motorola HS820 bluetooth earpiece . I like it a lot , but sometimes I am unable to answer the calls using the multi-function button on the earpiece which can become annoying . I do n't know if this is a flaw in either device or user error , but I tend to think there may be connectivity problems at times.All in all I am very pleased with this product , and will recommend it to anyone wanting to purchase a smartphone .
 First , let me state that I am not a consumer user on Cingular . While it is my personal cell phone , I got an employee discount plan with Cingular . So , the one time I 've had to make a customer service call to Cingular , I used their business customer service number and got immediate and usefull help . Plus , Rollover minutes and the great coverage really do make Cingular worth it . I can get a signal for both calls and data in so many places were other providers do n't work at all.As for the phone , I love it . I 've had it about 3 months now -LRB- bought it direct from Cingular when it came out -RRB- and as time passes , I use it more and more . There are a few programs for the phone you can purchase that I feel should be included , such as voice dialing . But all in all , it does just about everything I want it to and more .
 I got this phone a few days ago . So far it has been the best purchase of 2005 and to think I was going to get the Xbox 360 . I am glad I did not . The Treao 650 quite frankly is a great product.Its durable . Made out of strong plastic material , very sturdy and rough.Its pretty . Its form is one thing to admire . The keyboard layout is beautiful and when the screen and the keyboard illuminate it feels like Christmas all over again . Very bright . Very nice.It has a keyboard . Amazing keyboard . Easy to use with one or two hands . Makes texting or emailing on the road a joy , not a hassle.Its a phone . Great phone . Good reception . The sound quality is excellent and I challenge those who say it is not . Perhaps it is their hearing that needs a boost.Overall a great package . Comes with tons of built in apps and new ones are aplenty at the PalmOne website . PalmOS is intuitive and suprisingly easy to get used to.A must for anyone not only businessmen . Check it out !
 It is the most brilliant combos - phone/PDA - I have ever seen . Design / functionalities are great . You also got a lot of accessories / softwares to use , as well as a good knowledge databse of such a wide spread system -LRB- PALM -RRB- . I have been using outside the US -LRB- which I have seen many people complaining of signaling / telephone issues -RRB- and is working flawlessly . Given the many complaints in the US I would suggest looking at your operator 's signal / blocking procedures . Mine is unblocked and it is quite strange to see people complaining of such a ncie product . As a gadget lovr I would recommend the TREO 650 to anyone on the go .
 good coverage good mail programs good data network better address book and contacts than most phones the sky is the limit
 Jameson Thottam review on Palm Treo 650I feel comfortable writing a review on this thing now that I 've owned/used it for a couple months.I have several friends who own the 600 , and they are envious of my model . They say the camera is way better -LRB- actually usable -RRB- . They LOVE the screen - easy on the eyes . They also appreciate the bluetooth.Personal Thoughts by Jameson Luke ThottamI personally think it 's great . I 've carried a top notch phone and Pocket PC -LRB- a bio-secure IPAQ -RRB- for years , and I love having this `` all-in-one . '' It HAS had a few hickups - mostly when it was brand new and I was pressing buttons and loading software like a schoolboy at Christmas.Jameson L Thottam regarding Applications on the Palm Treo 650All of the applications have worked reliably . I pop my GMAIL through Versamail , and it works well . I 've received pictures , Word docs , and Excel sheets that all work fine . I 've use my camera to take pictures of water damage on my ceiling to get the service folks to fix it . I 've connected without trouble to several different bluetooth headsets . I 've even used the wireless keyboard to chat with an IM program while listening to streaming audio with a media program . I bought movie tickets over the web while at dinner , saved the barcode on screen , and had the movie ticket attendant scan my electronic ticket purchase right off the screen of my Palm . I 've checked the balance of my bank account while out to eat . I pulled a defenition of a word that we could n't agree on the meaning of . Awesome.Experiences with Customer Service by Jameson ThottamCustomer service is going to be tough , it seems , whether you go to Cingular or to Palm . However , most of the info you need is posted on the PalmOne website.Summary points by Jameson ThottamI 'm a huge tech fan . I 'm the guy who had the Laptop hardwired into the car for GPS and Movies . I 'm the one that always had the newest Palm cellphone . I 've dealt with a ton of failed products . - But this is not one of them . Educate yourself , go to the web when you have trouble , be patient , and this powerfull tool will prove to be one of your favorites!Jameson Thottam
 so i had a number of the problems already stated about this phone 1 -RRB- the phone function turned off when i would do anything a little physical with it . 2 -RRB- the phone would soft reset when a few `` select '' people would call me with them ending up with a `` network failure '' response . The first problem was solved by cutting out the outline of a sim card from an index card and placing it between the sim card and the tray to give it better support . the second problem was fixed by updating the firmware and clearing out the third party trial software . -LRB- may have been due to a trial version of ringo or agendus . would rather not speculate any further as my phone works fine now -RRB- . So really , the phone is n't a problem , there may be a couple of bugs here and there from third party software , but the functionality of the phone is great , i love reading the ebooks i download on this phone while i 'm on the train . MMplayer is a must if you download tv shows , avi movie files , etc. real player does come with the phone but theres nothing like watching entourage on your phone to impress your friends . a HUGE sd card is recommended as you would probably like to install the third party software directly onto the phone and leave your entire music/video collection on your sd card . I am contemplating on buying a 4gb sd card cuz i already have 1gb worth of music i rather not delete from my phone . Wifi is available for 150 more with a sled like device . Worth it if you do n't want to enroll in a data plan and are constantly working around hotspots . I bought an extra battery cuz i thought i might need it but it lasts all day for me , even with above moderate consistent usage . -LRB- contact me if you want a spare -RRB- . Overall , i am very satisfied with my phone
 Expectation before buy
 Magnetic Cases cause damage to phones internally , alot of people do n't know this but it is true . If your case for the PDA is held together by a magnet that might be the reason for frequent dropped calls . My suggestion is if you want the PDA to work to its full potential , when buying a case buy a non-magnetic one .
 The TREO has evolved into a excelent integrated PDA . I bought the 300 and then the 600 and was happy with both given the alternatives . The added Bluetooth feature and the improved screen make the 650 worth the wait . I liked the 600 but with a compatible Bluetooth headset from Jabra I love the 650 . I drive about 1000 miles a week , with the 300 and 600 , I was constantly getting the seatbelt , tie & headset cord tangled . The wireless headset solves all of that . The improved screen makes e-mail and web browsing easier to use in all environments . I do not load my PDA with secondary apps . or files so I ca n't speak to the memory issue , however , I do have a database of over 1,100 contacts and have plenty of remaining memory . My only disapointment is that they changed the connector forcing me to buy a new car adaptor and desktop cradle -LRB- not yet avaiable -RRB- The cradle should have been included or been available when the unit went on sale .
 I like the product but I could n't use it because I dealt with the hope less cingular phone company . The worst customer service ever at cingular . Finally I decided to return the product even though I love it . I wasted days on the phone but no help , it seems they do n't know what they do .
 this phone does all I ever wanted
 I recently recieved my TREO from Amazon a few days ago and like it but not love it as much as I would like to . First and foremost I took the `` im extending my contract route '' which is very much worth it considering that you preety much get the phone for penny 's as apposed to going to an actual Cingular store and throwing $ 200 - $ 300 dollars away , the only catch to this is that your stuck with Cingular for 2 years.So I receive my phone sooner than what was expected which was a plus and I had a few unanswered question in my head so -LRB- I HATE doing this -RRB- called Amazon customer service , and just as I suspected they were not as knowledgable as one would like them to be . Amazon then reffered me to Cingular customer service and they were probably worse!for a second I thought the lady I spoke to was mentally challenged , she didnt really give me straight answers and just kept agreeing with me . Anyhow I figured out what I had to do . One thing I did like was that it arrived before schedule which I was more than happy to receive . Changing from a regular phone to a PDA phone will take some time getting use to , I was use to using one hand , this phone is a bit bulkier than a regular phone so text messaging will deffinitely consist of using two hands . This phone is deffinitely worth getting if you like your phone to have alot of bells and whistles , I recently installed an NES/GB emulator in it and am loving it . This phone has everything you need for entertainment and is recommended especially for the price . One thing I am going to say that occasionaly it does soft reset , why ? I dont know . It takes about 10 seconds to reset , I wish it wouldnt but other than that this could be the best phone arround.And lastly use third party programs/software at your own discretion ! my buddy gave me a program called `` ringo '' -LRB- ringtone maker -RRB- for my Treo and I almost had a cardiac arrest when it wasnt accepting calls ! after reading the manual I did a system reset and come to find out it was ringo that was causing the inconvenience . Ringo apparently doesnt work for the Cingular Treo 650 but does with my buddy 's Sprint Treo 650 . If anyone has questions/comments you are more than welcome to let me know .
 Very impressed with functionality , simplicity of use and the overall quality construction . The keyboard is big enough for my big fingers to easily type messages and emails and the interface needs no user manual -LRB- good for people like me : -RRB-
 There are so so many features that accompany this device . It would take the average person months to figure it all out . I basically use the phone and the memo features . I do not have the time to spend on all of the other stuff . You must have some type of wireless device -LRB- bluetooth -RRB- because the phone tends to get rather heavy after holding it a while . You must also enable the key pad lock on the phone when you are on a call or you will get disconnected by accident because your face has hit the `` hang up '' touch screen . I think it is a great phone if you really need or are going to use all of the features .
 I 've used PALM products for years . I purchased the TREO 650 from Cingular a few weeks ago after a HORRIBLE experience with the T5 . I LOVE the Treo 650 . It 's great as a phone , and just as great as a PDA . It 's divine to have both tools combined . I 've had the Treo 650 for a few weeks now , and have loaded it with 3rd party software to keep me better organized , including a program that lets me use my beloved `` grafitti 1 . '' Because the phone memory is limited , I purchased a 512 SD card and this is where I put my 3rd party software and office documents . I have n't tried games , not much of a player . I have tried bluetooth and it 's great -- buy the TREO 650 headset from Palm , the Motorolo set I tried did n't work on my TREO even though it said it was for all bluetooth devices -- the Palm brand is the same price as the other brands . You just have to order it online . If you want a modern , reliable organizer and telephone combined to help you efficiently manage your work and personal life , buy the TREO 650 . It 's simply the best!Here 's a note to you who are switching to Cingular . The Palm Treo 650 is a great device . Cingular 's customer service stinks . If you must talk with Cingular , the best , least stressful route is to chat with a customer service rep online . If you visit a store , call a local store on the phone , or call Cingular 's toll free number , you 'll waste a lot of time and patience . I switched to Cingular as a former AT&T ; customer and sorely regret not shopping around for a vendor who has better customer service . Cingular is horrible , but if you have to use them , once you get past the customer service involvement , you will love your TREO 650 .
 It works pretty well . I got used to typing things -LRB- instead of Graffiti that I used on my old Palm -RRB- pretty quick . It 's annoying when using an app that requires the stylus , now that I 'm converted . I LOVE the fact that I now have my Palm and my phone all-in-one . They 've done a really good job of making it possible to do most things from the keyboard . -LRB- The shortcut to alerts by holding down the center button was annoying , until I figured it out . -RRB- It * is * a little too big for a phone , and I sometimes find it hard to hear , if I 'm not using a headset . -LRB- Get a wireless headset !! -RRB- My big problem , though , is that the software is still flaky . I put the latest OS on it -LRB- v1 .15 g -RRB- , and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while . -LRB- So far , about 3 times in the past week . -RRB- They also * still * have n't gotten it to work with my car , a BMW . The handsfree part works fine , but then the car tries to download the address book , and the Treo reboots.Overall , I still rate this device high . I just hope they fix the bugs . It would also be nice if they would provide the means to more easily debug which app is causing the problem .
 Think of the advantages of always having your phone , calendar , address book , customer notes , reading material , dictionary , memos , favorite game , music , clock and camera in one hand and accessible with your thumb . I have not even scratched the surface of all this gadget can do using Bluetooth , web and email in addition to the above features that I use routinely.The camera -LRB- 1 megapixel -RRB- is much improved from the previous model -LRB- .3 -RRB- Fortunately , I have not experienced the frustrations mentioned in other reviews . It is hard for me to imagine life without my handy Treo !
 I received the TREO 650 a few days ago and it 's been working great . I figured out everything in one weekend -LRB- you do n't have to follow it word for word , ya know -RRB- . I purposely did NOT get Cingulars Data package , because Wi-Fi devices will be coming out very shortly . Why pay them for something that shoule be free ?
 -LRB- December 24 , 2005 -RRB- Bought two of these 650s on a deal from Cingular before reading all of the negative reviews here , so when I opened the first I was very careful to check it out before opening the second . We live in a `` fringe area '' in the outskirts of Memphis . Many phones here at home do not work , so I considered home as a pretty good baseline for my tests.Both Treo 650s up and they are absolutely receving as well as my Motorloa 557 , my previous best performer . I was very relieved that the reception is fine because the rest of the functionality is pretty awesome -- the bad rap that the 650s do not do well as a cell phone is not so in my careful test.The remaining functionality of the Palm is great , a Volume Boost Utility helped , bottom line , I would recommend the Treo 650 , with the downloadable Cingular software upgrade , ver 1.17 , to anyone . -LRB- this patch is very important -RRB- Feb 2006 `` edit : '' The phones are still great , Cingular has been very helpful with minor issues , most have been my need for educaton . Cingular has set up my first hold time option as `` press ' 1 ' for Treo Support . '' This has helped wait times , though sometimes they are a little lengthy . Nevertheless , two months later , I would definitely buy Treo again ...
 I have to say ... I was a little nervous about purchasing the Treo 650 , but it had all the options I wanted and when I upgraded my phone through cingular , it was the right price , so i went for it !!! I have to say , I have not been disappointed . I have had it for 2 weeks now . The sound quality is great . I have been using the headset that came with it and I have had no complaints from clients that they could not hear me ! I love Palm and this is my 3rd Palm . Overall ... I am very happy with it !!!!!
 i just upgraded from a palm 505 to this PDA.So far I 'm impressed.PDA
 I 've had my palm for over a year and am very happy with it . The only problem I had was with the Motorola Blue tooth ear piece that I bought with it , which worked when it felt like it . Recently I found out that Treo came out with a new blue tooth made specifically for the TREO and it works beautifully , so I am much happier . I only wish the key board was made of flat bottons rather than slightly rounded , or better yet , that the bottons were just a tad bit larger , which would make typing on it easier and faster . The only other thing I do n't like about the phone is that when I get a call , and need to access my calendar it wo n't always let me . This is MOST inconvenient , because I have to call the person back from another phone and then access the calendar . All in all I would recommend this phone , especially now at over half the price I paid for mine .
 Hi , Just got a phone from Cingular yesterday . Let me get to some of the problems right away . We all know that it is an awesome phone .1 -RRB- Voicemail is set up incorrectly . The number set is your wireless number.So when you try to access your voicemail you end up leaving a voicemail . No body at Cingular knew how to resolve it . I called Palm One and they told me to tell the Cingular rep to send an over the air signal . The rep did I turned the phone off -LRB- press red button once then again -RRB- and turned it back on and it WORKED !!! 2 -RRB- The phone froze on me a couple of times . Called up Palm one and the rep did a hard reset . Basically deletes all the data and brings the phone back to factory condition . I had data saved so doing a hotsync brought it all back . According to her the problem should now go away . I will monitor it .3 -RRB- The volume on the spr and the regular is a tad low . I would have liked it if it were a little louder but it is not bad.I have not tried most of the other features but will keep everybody posted . -- VJ
 Smart phones do three things
 I just bought my TREO 650 and I love it . Its a little on the heavy side but I can deal with that . Its better than carrying my Dell lapop around thats for sure.A year ago I bought a Nokia 6800 with the full QWERTY keyboard and got attached immediately . I recently upgraded to a Audiovox SMT5600 and found that I missed the keyboard more than I thought I would . I did , however , like the functionality of the SMT5600 enough that I was willing to do without the keyboard and attempt to learn T9 text . THEN , I saw the Palmone TREO 650 . I used to use a Handspring Visor years ago and got rid of it because I was tired of carrying around a phone and PDA . I did like the syncing capabilities of PALM OS -LRB- Groupwise , Outlook , etc. -RRB- . The TREO 650 has got it all . Full qwerty keyboard , MP3 , memory expansion , full pda and phone , speakerphone , touchscreen , high resolution screen , .3 Mp camera , replacable battery , all in a fairly compact unit . I have done some research and found that there are 3rd party porgrams for Voice dial and other handy features . It will sync wirelessly with mail servers -LRB- provided your company has an exchange server or similar system -RRB- . All in all I like this phone the best so far.A couple things I am not liking ... First , it is a little heavy . But they have packed quite a bit of stuff in this little thing.Second , the keypad is VERY bright . You can dim the screen but the keypad is blinding when you turn it on in a dark room.Third , in order to sync wirelessly -LRB- calendar , tasks , notes , etc. -RRB- you have to have access to an Exchange server -LRB- normally provided by the company you work for -RRB- . It will however , sync email wirelessly without any extra stuff . -LRB- I may be wrong on the Exchange Server thing - but Ive been researching for a while and I have not found a real easy way to sync wirelessly to Outlook Calendar , Tasks and Notes - if anyone knows Id love to hear how !! -RRB- It is considerably smaller than a standard PDA , and slightly larger than a `` candy bar '' cell phone . Its only a little over 1/2 inch wider than my SMT 5600 and taller only due to the antenna stub.I am looking forward to really digging into this device . I was a little hesitant about the small keyboard , but I have found that it is really actually very nice . I have big thumbs and I have no problem typing quick and accurate . I never owned a Treo 600 so I can not compare to it , but when your looking for an all-in-one unit I think this ones going to shine above the rest for functionality .
 There are many on amazon giving horrible reviews for this phone and influenced me to hold off purchasing the Treo for some time . However , after much deliberation , I decided I could wade through the technical problems others had . THANK GOD ! Not only did Amazon improve the in stock availability of the phone , so you receive it in less than 2 days , I have easily integrated all of my previous phone , palm , and computer information into one handy do it all machine . Do your research if you plan to buy this phone and look for other reviewers . There are sites that specifically review Treo 's as well as providing extensive helpfull information to improve your experience.There are three problems I have encountered , two of which -LRB- and most likely the cause of third -RRB- seem to be a problem with the locked palm software .1 . Is the bluetooth for wireless headsets has a volume issue and requires a patch to improve the headset volume . The problem is that if you exit the call screen to look at your schedule etc , while on the phone , the patch no longer works and the volume drastically decreases . This is a software glitch from palm and there is no known correction at the present time .2 . The palm comes preloaded with Real Player . The installation CD requires you set up your real player on your computer for easier access to all your media files . The problem is that I can not get the audio to work on any video files that I record or synch to my palm . Not quite where the problem is unless I 'm missing codecs therefore I 'm not sure of a fix .3 . I have experienced a few soft resets when fiddling with various phone settings . I 'm not quite sure of the specific problem but I imagine it is the way the new flash drive works on this palm or it could be a software glitch . It happens very infrequently and I have never experienced a reset out of the blue.Even with these problems and they are minor , the bluetooth being the most annoying , I can not be happier with the Treo . My pockets are empty and I have my phone , mp3 , and pda all in one . Like I said , do your research and dont base your purchase solely on the reviews on Amazon .
 I 've worked with Windows-based PDAs for years . Cingular 's Treo 650 solves so many problems I experienced with Windows devices -LRB- including making it very simple to answer phone calls -RRB- . I depend upon the Treo for e-mail , Tasks management , Calendaring -LRB- appointments -RRB- and Contacts . I do n't need it to run PC Anywhere or remotely administer an enterprise network -LRB- features Windows systems are capable of supporting -RRB- . It synchs very well with my Windows desktop -LRB- I could not get the integrated Bluetooth to sync with my Mac -RRB- and makes me more effective in the field by simplifying access to e-mail send/receive and strong integration with Microsoft Outlook -RRB- . The call quality is acceptable ; the keypad is outstanding ; ease of navigation is top notch.However , know that Palm/Cingular 's a little cheap with this model ; the included headset is corded -LRB- therefore worthless to me -RRB- and no case is included . How do you not include a case on a $ 400 - $ 500 -LRB- without contract -RRB- telephone ? Does n't matter , as I use Timbuk2 's cases anyway , but still , it would have been nice to have a simple belt-case as an option.My only other complaint is battery life . Turn on Bluetooth and check e-mail regularly and I only get a day out of it -LRB- but I suspect that 's understandable on some level -RRB- . All in all an excellent phone that I 'm much , much happier with than Windows versions I 've tried , including an SMT5600 and 8125 -LRB- which was clunky , made answering telephone calls awkward and required that the phone be pressed apart whenever I needed to access the keyboard , which was frequently -RRB- .
 One person might love a PDA/phone , another hate it . I love this one and here are a bunch of reasons why :1 -RRB- I had a cell phone stolen and I lost all those numbers on the CIM . I thought , `` Why not just buy a palm-phone and avoid re-entering them all ? '' Setup was as easy as a notsync .2 -RRB- The Palm Contacts app integrates seamlessly with the phone portion , asking if you want to add new callers to the contact database each time . Plus you can very easily scroll through the entire call log and dial with a few button strokes .3 -RRB- I got over $ 100 off on rebates from Cingular . The service has been phenomenal .4 -RRB- The bluetooth ability has been welcomed . I love the freedom for driving and using a computer . NO MORE EARPIECE CABLES ! 5 -RRB- Battery life is very good , even with blue tooth .6 -RRB- There 's a switch to disable all sound at the top of the unit . This is a welcome feature since I do so many meetings .7 -RRB- I always have a camera with me now . The camera is surprisingly good and will take films also.To sum up , this gadget is a dream to a Systems Consultant . It 's my 4th Palm and my 8th cel phone and I do n't plan to part with it soon . I also recently dropped it while running across a parking lot and it just reset itself and was fine .
 First things first - this is a great phone/pda . However , the phone locks up sometimes -LRB- i.e. you can not dial becasue it is frozen . -RRB- . It comes alive after few minutes . This happens rarely but is frustrating.Also , dont depend on the amzon mail-in gift certificate . After painstakingly assembling all the required information over several months and mailing it in , I get a one-line response saying I can not get the check because `` palmone cingular service cancelled , product returned , or ineligible '' . This is BS . Buy the phone from a cingular store instead of amazon .
 The Palm Treo 650 is in my opinion a compact PDA telephone that can replace a cellphone , laptop -LRB- in a pinch -RRB- and PDA . The only complaint I have is with Cingular not Palm ... the first and secong tier Cingular support people could not help me set up my Xpress email package and I am patiently waiting for a internet support team member to come to my rescue . In the past Cingular or AT&T ; have never failed me but at the cost of a lot of phone time.But I digress from a revue of the phone . I really like the keyboard and control layout . I had a Treo 600 which I turned back in as being too pricey -LRB- $ 499 -RRB- . I got the Treo 650 at a really outstanding price with the $ 50.00 rebate . The phone 's Outlook sync works extremely well and I think marketing brought the phone to market to fast for the accesory dept. . The phones capabilities are too great for a 67 year old Mech . Engineer to comprehend . Bluetooth , mp3 , camera & new color screen are simply a few . It shook hands with my earpiece the first time , not something I could ever get to work with my old Tungsten t-3 , Motorola earpiece and my Sony-Ericcson bluetooth phone.It 's performed well and I am even using the aftermarket voice recognition soft ware . I simply like the capabilities of the phone .
 What can I say . This is the gadget that I 've been wanting to get for years !!!!! Just look at all the things I have on my belt now and can use at a moments notice . Some of these functions are not available even on my Windows XP -LRB- media center edition -RRB- desktop PC or my laptop XP .1 . Compact , roughly the size of my old calculator , fits in wide choice of belt carrying cases2 . Digital camera , shares same SD card with my Kodak and my new PC3 . Camcorder too4 . MP3 player5 . eReader to read books , comes on CD with 2 books6 . Edit native word , excel , powerpoint documents ; Also there is a PDF reader on the CD too ! 7 . Unlimited storage using the SD card slot , specially with the 1GB cards going on sale now . Kind of like floppy disks used to be ; 10 times smaller and 1000 times more capacity than the old floppies .8 . Organizer -LRB- Calendar , Contacts , Memo , Tasks -RRB- 9 . Handy calculator , world clock10 . Games came on cd
 This is an awsome phone . Iused to have an m515 from palm as well as a nokia cellphone and the consolidation of pda to cellphone was a great thing Palm did . Its pricey but if you buy it online with new service its cheaper . I did n't give it 5 stars because customer service with cingular needs so much improvement . I wo n't go into too much detail but They have about 15 different separate phone numbers that they give you for different depts and with technology the way it is today all those depts should be linked so the customer only need to just call the one number to have access to everything . It was also a painstaking task trying to get cingular customer service to migrate my old number to my new one , long hold times on the phone should not be tolarated by any customer paying what we pay for service . I have more to say but you get the gist of it ... All and all , as far as the phone is concerned , get it . Its great and even has features that my old m515 did n't have . so for the phone I give 5 thumbs up . Cingular service I give only 3 .
 So I 've read all the reviews and still got the phone . I 've got to say I 've not had the problem of not being able to hear anything at all and the signal has been pretty reliable even though I 'm not in a large market like Dallas or Houston . -LRB- i 'm actually in Oklahoma for school -RRB- Though I 've got ta say it 's lacking on a few programs and media playing software for playing videos and also WiFi capability . Otherwise all in all it 's the best of both worlds and great use of both a PDA and phone .
 I love my Treo , I used to have a palm , and a phone . I hated that . So I thought the Treo would be the solution . In part it is , but ... There 's something that you have to keep in mind
 Do n't let the reviews on Amazon scare you if you 're considering this phone ! I purchased it , and after a billing issue was quickly resolved by Cingular 's customer service , I was enjoying crystal-clear call quality . I then left on a vacation to the eastern United States and the call quality was great in both urban and rural settings . The icing on the cake is when I used Treo 's email feature to close a valuable deal for my company ! This is a great phone -- packed with useful features . You wo n't regret buying it .
 I will first say that I live in Minnesota so if you live else where , this may not be the case . I have owned this phone , the Hitachi G1000 and the SP6600 from Audiovox . The Treo is the best all around phone . It also allows you to respond to e-mail text messages without re-typing the senders e-mail address . It keeps all the e-mails from the same person in a thread which is also cool.Don ' t buy Cingular in the Twin Cities , you will be sorry . I had the same phones with Cingular , Sprint and Verizon as the same time with my business to see who we would go to . I lost 25 % of the calls I made with Cingular , less then 5 % with Sprint and Verizon .
 The Treo , in design , is a top phone and PDA . I really wanted to loose my laptop when traveling , and still get my email real time ... I tried a Blackberry . Good , if you get mostly test messages , but no good for HTML since the phone is test based ... and the Blackberry is a brick to handle , want a shoebox next to your head ? Back to trying new phones , then it was between Windows and Palm . Well because of software availability I went with Palm.The phone is just the right size , and has all the right stuff , in all the right places . Never liked character recognition ; right from the Apple Newton on ... So the keyboard is fine with me.Well the phone crashed more times than ... well it was down more than up . Finally I went back to the Cingular store of purchase , and did not receive the warmest of receptions , and there was another poor guy trying to return his Treo 650 . I went home in disgust , to try to find every last part that was in the box ... well while there , in desperation I took a look at the PalmOne site , and found a/the software update , and thought I 'd try it ... No crashes from this puppy now , though I did remove a lot of unnecessary third party software . So , because of the great form factor and great functionality of the unit , it 's a keeper . If you have one , or are considering getting one , just make sure you have the latest software in the non-volatile memory . It 's a little tricky to get it in , took me about 35 minutes of figuring , but I could do it , and get everything I wanted back in place . I think it 's a great phone -LRB- now -RRB- .
 I moved over from the Motorola MPx200 and AT&T service to this phone and I could n't be happier . Where I used to have no signal or two bars at the most , I now have a good strong signal . Integrating with a bluetooth headset was a snap . My only complaint at this point is that the sync cable that ships with it does n't charge the device . Looks like the only way to get this is to buy the cradle for over $ 50 ...
 Push email , SMS chat , good browser , MP3 , Movies , Internet Radio , this phone does it all !
 I got this phone for chrismas . It is awesome so far ! It has almost no problems . The only bad thing is that it comes with no games . Love it !
 I am a pro photographer and needed a phone with a built in camera . I was a bit hesitant to buy this phone . I had heard about people resetting the phone twice every day , clarity of calls etc. . I took the plunge anyway , and I must say I have not looked back since . Whats the point of spending in excess of $ 25000 on location , lighting and model fees if I ca n't get a great picture with this phone and sending it to the studio in England . Not bad for talking to people either .
 Up until now , PalmOne is the only company that has successfully integrated the PDA and mobile phone . Neither the phone or PDA functionality has been sacrificed in the Treo 650 .
 I 've decided to write this in response to the numerous number of complaints in regards to the Treo 650 on Cingular Wireless.First , the Treo 650 is a wonderful pda/phone . It utilizes almost everything an individual might need . The only option that could be added to increase functionallity would be built in WIFI support or support for a WIFI SD slot adapter . That being my only complaint , and that I would say is hardly a complaint.Second , most of the issues people seem to have with this pda/phone seem to stem from the service provider -LRB- Cingular Wireless -RRB- and not the equipment itself . If you are having trouble w / your service provide , please have the COMMON SENSE to at least complain appropriatly.Third , many of the ACTUAL equipment issues that people seem to have can be easily corrected . For example , many have complained about a low volume issue , this can be easily corrected by installing a volume management application from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Also , as with any type of operating system , whether pda based or PC based , there is the issue of END-USER ERROR , meaning a vast majority of individuals experience problems due to their own lack of patience and inexperience.To sum it up , place blame where blame is actually due
 If you are reading this at Starbucks while wearing socks with sandals , then you just do n't get it and never will .
 Have had treo 650 -LRB- cingular -RRB- for about 4 months now . It has a few flaws/bugs but overall very happy with purchase . Flaws
 Jameson Thottam
 I am in love with this phone!First off , the Palm functionality is wonderful ! The address book and calendar all work excellently , and the cross-functions are greatImprovements include SMS messaging , which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses , unlike the Treo 600The web on here is faster -- the screen is crisperHowever , BlueTooth is the BEST new feature ----- wireless data transfer is , usually , quick , and the wireless headphones are greatLastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable -- however , ever since the system software was updated to 1.12 , it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!Ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it , alreadyI am a former Treo 300 and 600 user , and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny , considering the bluetooth and software improvementsso buy it !!! - you wo n't be sorryPS - the Cardo Scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone
 The bad reviews are coming before palm released a patch to fix all the problems listed !!! I have never experienced such a problem with my treo 650 , and I have a ton of apps I loaded to it!This is a beatiful phone and it is much smaller than the tungsten c , which i was suprised to see . Soon enough you will be able to use palm 's wifi card with it ; once the patch is released from palm.When you buy this phone with cingular INSIST that you get the 19.99 unlimited MEDIA NET plan . They will try to make you buy the 19.99 5mb data plan or the 39.99 unlimited , but they use the EXACT SAME network . Check out treo forums for more information . I am using media net after talking 20 mins with a rep. If you continue to refuse , they give up after a while . Most times you can easily have it added if you DONT tell them which phone you have.I RECOMMEND this phone to the highest extent possible ! it is IN FACT the best pda/phone combination . DO NOT get the CRACKberry ! It isnt worth it . Palm has a ton of great apps that will keep you busy for years !
 My Ape Case provides the perfect way to haul around my PSP3000 , earphones , cables and extra memory cards . I have installed a Katana shield guard on my machine and it still fits inside . I have had no reason to pause when riding my bike in fear of loosing anything from my belt , the snaps and stays are firm and sturdy and the zipper is made of quality stuff . The cordura material used is as tough as my Red Wing firefighters boots , flexible but tough . Your PSP is not just a toy , it should be well cared for.The Ape Case , a Solio H1000 , and my PSP are my chosen gear for skimming around town or keeping the children entertained on the go.That , in addition to a cell phone and my SOG pliers . Yeah , it does look like I 'm ready to duel the Joker , but what 's wrong with that ?
 havent really used it on the road so to speak ; but it fits pretty good with 3 games ; didnt put the extension power cord though .
 it is nice . it has a place for games , etc. . I like it a lot . sturdy and well made . !
 I received in timely manner - as expected . Given as a gift to my grandson . Asked his dad if he was using it and he said it was perfect as it kept everything together .
 this is a great product . the belt clip will slip on and off with ease and snaps hold it on your belt . it also has a clip if you just want to snap it to your belt loop . the pockets are netting and expand to hold twice as many UMDs as long as you do n't mind a little struggle to get them out . there are two zippers so you can listen to your music and change tracks with ease . it 's also compatable with the new slim 2000 PSP , which my logitech is n't . you ca n't play games with it in the case as the staps may cover the buttons . and it is a soft case so it might keep it safe from a hand high drop but not from a realy high drop like a logitech case . all in all i give it 4 and a half stars .
 el producto llena mis expectativas , llego a tiempo , recomiendo al vendedor , producto de buena calidad . no tengo quejas al respecto .
 I recieved the items in a reasonable amount of time and for the price I paid the items were decent .
 I liked the design of this case . Back part is partly transparent and apple logo shines nicely in the cutout -LRB- although its not perfectly aligned , but i dont see a big problem in it -RRB- , iphone writing is also visible on the back . Case has a very good grip , i really enjoy holding it . It will easily slide in and out of the pocket as well . I have front and back screen protectors , so i can say for sure that case works perfectly together with protectors and doesnt bubble the front one up . It has wide cutouts for usb cable and headphones , i think any third party headset or charger will fit easily . Sleep-wake button doesnt stick out so much , although its very easy to press and while pressing u can hear the clicking sound . There is one big cutout for the volume and silent mode buttons , which is ok for me , may be not so much comfortable for smb . who has big fingers . All in all , case fits iphone 4 great . I cant say anything about durability of this case , but i think its a very decent product , especially for its price !!!
 It looks as though this Item got all the reviews from another -LRB- Motorola -RRB- phone instead of reviews of the actual phone , the Sony Ericsson K750i.Some sort of glitch or mishap , I guess , but just do n't get confused and think these bad reviews are for this GREAT phone , OK?It 's late so I wo n't go into an in depth review , but I will leave you with this ... This is a Sony Ericsson phone , not a Motorola ... And the phone is quite good overall , really . The only flaws -LRB- which can be minor or not so minor depending on how often you use your phone and if you text message people alot -RRB- that are very apparent are the small sized keys -LRB- with little space in between them -RRB- causing a more difficult time when using the keypad , as well as the joystick/toggle , as it is nice to have but it is far too easy to hit the stick to either side when you actually wanted to press it up or down . Throw in trying not to press the stick `` in '' as a button press while manuevering around the menus , and that drops the rating down some -LRB- to about 8.0 out of 10 -RRB- . But as for the rest of the phone , the physical quality of the phone , the signal quality and call quality , as well as the great battery life and all the parts/accessories that it comes with - everything you need to sync and transfer etc is here , plus I got extra AC adapters to be able to plug it in and charge it in almost any country I might travel to - this is all GREAT and I have had no problems with my phone in the year and few months that I have had it now ... This phone is one of the best out there , and it has an INCREDIBLE 2MP camera in it as well .
 I 've had this phone for a year and a half with no problems . It is good for making calls which is really all I ask for from a phone . It is easy enough to use that I even bought one for my elderly parents and they 've had no problems . My carrier is Cingular and I 've had excellent service in the NY tri-state area and because it is a quad-band phone , I 've also been able to use it while roaming internationally . Battery life is just okay -LRB- not as good as my old Nokia -RRB- ... I have to recharge every other day with normal use . Overall , it 's lasted me long enough that I would call it a good value .
 If you 're the type of person that does n't spend HOURS on the phone , and want a good basic phone , this phone is for you . I bought this phone in the UK at the Carphone warehouse for around 40 bucks , and it works great . I would say that the only gripe about this phone in the US is the price , I would n't pay over 40 bucks for it . It 's a nice BASIC phone . The screen is a colored one and it has cool ringtones .
 This was an upgrade from my old Nokia phone . Nothing spectacular , but it does it 's job . Idk what 's wrong with it . No problems here . Battery lasts about 7-10 days on one charge , and reception has been good . Did have one small problem -- but wound up being a faulty SIM card .
 I 've had this phone for 2 years now , and it still works 95-98 % as great as when I first got it ! Being the klutz I am , I 've dropped this many many times within the last two years , and I 'm very pleased with the durability of it . To me , it 's definitely worth the money spent on it . For more memory , you definitely have to buy a new memory card with greater space , but I 've had the one provided for me and I 've been fine . I really ca n't think of anything bad to say about this phone . Sony has done a great job with this one .
 Hi !!! this phone is one of the greatest phones in the world , and I 'm sure about it because i have this phone from 2.5 years ago ! i really do like it !!! it has everything . The quality of the phone -LRB- camera , games , text massaging , music and ... -RRB- is perfect ! the only bad thing of the phone is that when the memory gets full , it works slower , but not that slow ! But still if you want to buy this phone , do n't wait and buy it ! trust me you gon na LOVE it !!!!
 I came here searching for the Sony Ericsson K850i . This 750i is an earlier model , and a great little phone , about the size of a Snickers bar.I see that Amazon has pages of WRONG REVIEWS attached for this Sony Ericsson K750i that were left by several people who actually wrote about some disappointing Motorola phone instead . Too bad for that screw up , because the K750 is a very decent phone which was a high end cell phone when it came out several years ago . It certainly does not deserve the bad ratings it is receiving in error . Once you read past page one of these reviews , it becomes obvious that the reviews were in error because the reviewers consitently write about how disappointing their Motorola phone is/was . Well , until Amazon removes those error reviews , this is not a Motorola phone folks - it is a Sony Ericsson K750i.Sony Ericsson makes quality phones and the K series have been fantastic - especially for their dedicated cameras and quality music players.Some people mention the keypad keys possibly being too close for large hands , but that could just depend on you , for even larger fingers might just get the hang of where to position and easily type a text . `` My guys '' did.I agree that the joystick can be moved in an unintended direction . It does seem to have little glitches with fast movements until you get the hang of its inconsistencies , and do n't attempt to be the speed racer with it . Sometimes it sticks too , but has always freed itself when we stopped trying to move it and it catches up.This 750i has a dedicated 2-mp cam with an optional flash attachment -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- and has been a great phone and standby camera/video cam/personal alarm/voice recorder/internet . Love the FM radio and MP3 player too ! This phone is small , easy to hold and has a nice menu.The newer , K850i , has a 5-mp camera , some upgraded features , and is possibly a quad band , verses the tri band of the 750i .
 I recieved good customer service and excellent help from these guys . Thanks for allowing me to keep this phone with my network . I have so many acessories for this phone . I did n't want to give it up just yet , and you allowed me to get another phone just like the one I had . Thanks .
 I bought the Motorola V180 from T-Mobile as a prepaid in early January ' 05 . It 's a great phone . Sure , the screen is a little small , but that 's ok . I 've had NO problems with it . Everyone else who has , probably had a defect . You should get it . It 's worth the money .
 This is a great phone made by Motorola . Just one question where is the camera . Motorola must have forgot to put one on . If you are looking for a great phone that does n't have a camera this is the one to get .
 This phone was an upgrade from my Nokia 6010 -LRB- a very reliable phone , but that time had passed by -RRB- . I wanted a speakerphone to avoid carrying the wired earpiece the 6010 required . I wanted Bluetooth to take advantage of my Palm TX PDA with a huge contact list.The build is mainly plastic . It 's so light , I can barely feel it in my pocket . So thin , I do n't think it could withstand much of a fall -LRB- though I have n't tried yet -RRB- . The keypad is small , and if you 're not comfortable with alot of fingernail dialing , I would look elsewhere.The screen is very nice , large relative the size of the phone , easily readable in daylight.The Bluetooth works well , I can dial using my Palm TX PDA . Transferring records from the PDA or PC does take time , as each individual record has to be `` accepted '' one at a time by the L2 . You can transfer video , pictures , music via Bluetooth fairly easily from a PC.The speaker is acceptably loud , and audible over traffic if you are in a car . The volume dialing is only `` up , '' so you have to cycle through 7 volume settings to get to the lowest setting again.Call quality is equal to my Nokia 6010 , reception slightly worse , but not significantly . Battery life is 24-36 hours with standby/frequent calls/heavy Bluetooth/speaker use.The address book does have an irritating feature of making each phone/fax/email entry a separate listing , which results in one name being listed several times.A good phone for cellphone `` bottom-feeders '' such as myself looking for a simple phone with speaker and Bluetooth and not much else .
 I 've been waiting for a phone like this - a phone without any frills but gets the job done perfectly.Pros :1 . Stylish , sleek , ergonomic2 . Great reception and crisp call quality3 . Excellent battery life -LRB- it goes 4-5 days on a charge ! -RRB- 4 . Quad-band world-phone supporting GSM 850/900/1800 / 19005 . No frills -LRB- no camera , no iTunes , just the phone please -RRB- . When was the last time you seriously used a camera-picture anyway ? And sometimes a phone with a camera actually gets in the way because you are not allowed to take such a phone to some sensitive locations/buildings . The only reason I gave 4 stars -LRB- instead of 5 -RRB- is that some features are not designed well :1 . The phone book
 I 've been waiting for this kind of phone . I do n't need any camera -LRB- most of them produce poor picture anyway -RRB- or mp3 player -LRB- you can never replace iPod with any cell phone built in mp3 player -RRB- . Just give me a phone that works best for phone calls . Business user will appreciate all the extra solid and basic functions . A speaker phone , quad band -LRB- for international travel -RRB- , bluetooth and very sleek looking metal casing . Using the latest Motorola Phone Tool with bluetooth , I can connect to the internet with 115 bkps , it uses GRPS though , not the prefered EDGE technology . I was impressed by the ease of signing in my Yahoo email -LRB- it also has AOL and MSN preinstalled -RRB- and messenger -LRB- AOL and ICQ are available too -RRB- . I also tried to access my Gmail account , works great .
 I have this phone for about a week now and I like it well enough . Took some getting used to after so many years with my Nokia 3120 . I wanted small and slim and this one fits the bill . I think it 's pretty `` hand happy '' , meaning it feels good in my hand . It took me a lot of playing to figure out all the menus and settings -LRB- not as easy as on the Nokia -RRB- , and the manual is virtually useless -- and set up in a rather illogical order . I mean , really , who puts info on how to text message before the setup options and menu map?Anyway , I like that the navigation buttons are completely customizable . You can program the middle up/down/right / left keys to be shortcuts that YOU want , not what Moto thinks you want . You can program the left and right softkeys under the screen to lead where you want , as well . You can not reprogram the two side buttons or the center menu button . At first I thought that the two side buttons -LRB- ringer options and voice dial -RRB- would be in the way and constantly be activated , but I have n't found that to be the case . They are nicely out of the way , yet convenient when you want them . I do find the dial keys slightly small , but I can work with it.A design flaw that another reviewer noted is that the microphone is on the side of the phone rather than bottom center . If you are `` right eared '' this can be a problem as your cheek might muffle your voice , especially if you tend to press against the phone . If you are `` left eared '' it 's easy to put your finger over it.Another reviewer noted that the phonebook uses a separate entry for each person 's separate phone number . This was a major disappointment to me , because my Nokia had all numbers stored under each directory entry and all I had to do was hit `` view '' to see them . I later found that you can do this with the Motorola , but it 's not easily to find out how by reading the manual . Here 's how to do it : Access the phonebook and scroll to the `` new entry '' space . Hit the menu again and scroll down to `` setup '' . Hit `` select '' and then the second entry is `` view '' . Hit `` change '' and then choose `` primary contacts '' and select . Exit to the main screen and you will see that your address book list just got shorter . If you have an entry with multiple numbers , you will have to choose which is the primary number or Moto will assume it 's the first one -- not that it matters , since each number has it 's own speed dial location and you will still be able to view all the numbers under a directory name by hitting the left or right arrow on the navigation wheel . It will cycle through each of the entry 's numbers . -LRB- You wo n't actully be able to see the numbers without hitting view , but if you selected a `` type '' , you will see the icon for which number it is -RRB- As phones go , this one does what I want it to do and does n't have features that I do n't want . However , for the retail cost of this phone -LRB- which no one really pays anyway -RRB- , they should include the phone tools CD with it instead of making you pay for it .
 I purchased this phone as a backup to my Cingular 8125 -LRB- as I hate taking that thing outside of work -- love that phone , but it is freaking bulky ! -RRB- . My basic requirements were
 Hello , before I dive into this review let me 1st state that i 'm into high tech , imported Nokia phones . I havent owned a motorola phone since 1994 and way back then it was one of the 1st flip phones that took up all your pocket space , battery lasted an hr and lcd displays had n't been invented . My carrier was comcast metrophone which , i 'm sure anyone under 30 dosent remember . An unfortunate thing happened a few months ago . My super high tech Nokia N70 -LRB- not avail in the usa and cost me $ 450 on ebay -RRB- fell into the washing machine for 5 seconds . 5 seconds is life and death when it comes to water and you cell phone , and it drowned . Of couse Cingular didnt even know I had the phone and since it was imported from Europe no one in the world would fix it . I promptly ordered the awsome Nokia N73 but it would take 3 weeks to arrive . When I called Cingular I found out that as an AT&T ; transplant I was actually due a new phone . The Motorola L2 was free and I needed something to get me thru 3 weeks so I ordered it . I wasnt dissappointed and I 'll keep this phone as a backup.First I 'll anayazye the many steps down but it dosent mean its a bad phone . Ok there is no calander . Second , it can only hold a total of abt 100 combined text messages . When you have 50 in your outbox and 50 in your inbox thats it . Because at my workplace I cant talk on the phone , I send a lot of txt mssgs , about 400 per month thats a problem . Also there is no camera . Not even a little one . I used to take print quality 5x7 's at 2.0 MP with my Nokia N70 so I missed this feature . Out the box there is no backup software for contacts . I 'm not a big cellphone gamer but there are no games included . This could be listed as a pro and con but its a phone . Pure and simple and because of its simple minded approach to life let me addess the pros.Pros
 As a former FCC licensed radio tech I have always been very impressed with Motorola 's excellent commercial radios -- high performing and ruggedly constructed ! And it appears to me that their cell phones are a good step up from the usual plasticky Asian brands . The L2 in particular has the look and feel of a semi-commercial grade piece . A nice clean form factor , ideal for pocket carry . Good tactile keypad feel and entirely adequate screen . Above average RF and audio performance , as expected . And , a refreshing difference , no camera . Better to have none than low quality VGA . In all , a real quality piece for anyone wanting only the basics in an elegant upscale package .
 I lost a RAZR due to finally dropping it one too many times - but I only had $ 40 invested so it was not like the end of the world . I was able to find my L2 for $ 50 cash on craigslist - it had a charger with it and was in excellent shape - but it is not a flashy phone with lots of bells and whistles . It does however have a nice speakerphone which performs pretty much up to the same quality as past phones . Battery life is suprising good - most reviews are not very good on this phone but I am thinking maybe they have bad batteries ? I just discovered the key guard - after dialing someone a few times in the middle of the night ... . ooops - anyway its `` menu , then the * '' to activate the key guard . Thank you to the person who posted that information here.Hope you found some useful information ! Good luck
 I love the L2 ... Have had lots of phones with alot of wasted options ... Who really prints out photos from a cell ??? Great sound and service . I was about to dump cingular since my calls were always dropping , then I got the L2 . No More Dropped Calls !!! OH - and for all of you who do n't read the manuals or at least skim through them , you CAN quick lock your keypad ... just press the -LRB- - -RRB- button for menu then the -LRB- * -RRB- star button .
 Pros
 i have n't had the phone for a long time but i think it 's a solid phone.yes , it does n't have a camera but there are some who do n't want or need one . the network seems to be confusing people and this phone is a quad-band phone . it says on the box and on the phone itself.i have n't had any major problems with it and it seemed inconvenient on motorola 's part to not set individual ringers with you have the numbers on SIM but it 's just something minor . otherwise , there are a number of positives with this phone ... and it 's not just about looks .
 I have not owned this phone , but have had the L6 -LRB- unlocked for ~ $ 130 -RRB- for about 7 monhts now . that phone is the L2 plus the camera -LRB- or the SLVR minus the memory card slot -RRB- . Been very very happy with it and everything , including the bluetooth works like a charm.I am guessing this is not too different , which is why I gave it 5 stars .
 i did a lot of research b4 i bought this cell phone , because a lot of ppl said this cell phone suks . and gave it a really low rate . no offence , but whoever gave this cell phone a 3 stars or lower has a problem or they are just not that lucky.first some ppl said this phone can not be used in buildings and home , so wrong , i got signals anywhere include my home.sencond . the keypad is not that small , unless u have huge fingers , for me , it is really easy to use.three , ppl are discussing about wheather this phone has key lock . some ppl said no . and those ppl go to hell . because it do have keplock system . simply press - and * . four u do n't really need a cam phone , because usually the quarlity of camera is not good anyway . so u can just use ur freinds cam phone and use bluetooth . so i got bunch of pic of me and my freinds in my L2 now.five i saw one review said other ppl can not hear the voice very clearly , he said his Gf ' L2 's mic is on the top . Oh well , then i guess i have differnt L2 , coz mine is located at the bottom . -LRB- unless his GF has a big face and cover up the mic . -RRB- that is all i can saybuy it or regrat it
 Product works well . Paired with my Razr quickly and easily . I have not tried any other bluetooth device . Volume is good . I forget to turn it off , and wish that there was some reminder or autoturn off . I recommend this product . I have purchase a different product , and wish I had a second one of these instead .
 Excellent product for the money . We bought two . Easy to use . Easy to hear -LRB- even if you are hrd of hearing -RRB- Only negative-You have to turn it off when you leave the car and are going to be within a short distance . Otherwise , the Parrot will capture your call .
 Parrot MINIKIT Portable car kit for Bluetooth cell phonesExcellent product and excellent service
 The Parrot MINIKIT is a good solution to handsfree cell phone use . It goes for a very long time on a charge , communication is clear and understandable . A good alternative to the headset .
 Bought one for my wife and it worked great so I bought a second for myself . The second one did not have much volume when turning it on and when using voice recognition I could barely hear the phone prompts . Once connection to a called phone was made it would then be normal volume.If I had not had the first Parrot I would not have known that this was not correct and would have been very disappointed.I returned it and got another , it works as good or better than my wifes . Loud , clear speech from my cell , excellent volume on calls and every one on the other end says it is very loud and clear . No problem using or hearing it at freeway speeds , in fact I had to turn the volume down a bit from full . The law now requires we use a hands free unit when in our cars and I can definitely recommend the Parrot for those who need hands free or just want hands free .
 I 've had this minikit for about a month now . I was initially concerned about its ability to pair with the iPhone , but did it almost too easily ! It was very quick to locate and lock onto the iPhone . I share this unit with others , so you do have to `` unpair '' the phone from the minikit before switching to another phone . -LRB- Do n't just turn off the minikit and turn it back on again . Go into the phone 's bluetooth pairing menus . -RRB- Otherwise , build is good , volume is very good , even when driving down the road in a noisy car . The only thing that is lacking is probably a screen to see who is calling so that I do n't have to pick up the phone and see myself . I heard you can use this to voice activate who you would like to call , but the iPhone does not offer this . -LRB- Not a beef with Parrot , but with Apple . -RRB- I would recommend this to anyone needing a hands-free device and not wanting to look like a geek with a bluetooth thing sitting in their ear all the time .
 Product worked as advertised . Connects flawlessly and very easy to use . Provides excellent handsfree communications .
 I purchased one for my husband in June . It works great . Easy to activate and voices are clear . We plan to get one for my car too .
 Pros
 Once paired , all I have to do is get in the car and turn it on . I have a Blackjack / Samsung SGH-i607 . The volume and clarity is great and almost on par with the built in speakerphone in our 07 PriusThe battery seems to last FOREVER . I have not charged it since buying it months ago , and have made 10-15 calls . The auto off works great , but be sure you take your phone far enough to unpair ; the range is at least 100ft .
 Now that Bluetooth has made these little speakers possible , I 'm surprised more people are n't taking advantage of them . I tried a Jabra bt500 headset , but it broke after about 5 days -LRB- would only hold a charge for about 12 hours -- even if I did n't talk at all , and then stopped taking a charge -RRB- . When looking for alternatives , I came upon the category of mini car kits , and decided on the Parrot Minikit . I 've only been using it for about three days , but I can already say that I love it . I do n't have to drive around with a headset plugging up one ear , and this little device puts out clear sound that I can hear clearly at driving speed -LRB- in fact , turned up all the way , it 's TOO loud -RRB- -- and no one has trouble hearing me either . The battery life seems to be pretty long -LRB- I have n't had to recharge it yet -RRB- , and it 's incredibly convenient to use . Pairing was automatic and easy with my phone , and one button turns it on , a green button answers calls , and a red button hangs up . I have n't had to try the voice recognition features , since my phone has it built in , and the Parrot Minikit uses my phone 's built-in voice calling features . It clips onto the car 's visor easily . The only -LRB- very minor -RRB- drawback is that the green and blue buttons flash every 15 seconds or so when the Parrot is on , and while not distracting , it 's noticeable when driving at night . Fantastic little piece of equipment for anyone who wants a hands-free alternative to headsets.Update
 I highly recommend the Parrot Minkit for anyone who does not want to spend a lot of money to tie into their car 's speaker system . This little portable unit works great . It is easy for you to hear callers and they hear you very well too . In fact , many tell me not to speak so loudly , which is even better . It syncs in automatically with your cell phone and shuts down automatically when you leave your car . The battery is rechargeable and last for weeks . And it is voice activated so you simply press the green button , say the name of who you are calling , and it rings them . It is critical that when you press the green button to make a call , you wait for the beep to say the name of the caller , otherwise it will not call them . This is a super little unit .
 I tried a couple of other blue tooth units on my sunvisor , but they didnt perform like they advertised , they wouldnt pick up my voice cammand very well or they would not pick it up at all . Also they didnt have vol . control , basicly they sucked.I continued to search and i heard about the Parrot Mini Kit , I did a lot of redearch , and read a lot of reviews , so I decided to try it out . I must say Im glad I did , it is the best blue tooth unit I ever used . I have a LG Muziq phone and it paired up with the Parrot immedeatly , Phone book and all . It has a volume control and has such clarity its unbeliveable , no static , no background noise , and the person your talking with can hear you clearly . This unit was the best investment i ever made as far as a blue tooth is concerned , it is worth the money .
 I purchased 2 of these , one for myself and one for my dad . We both drive manuals and do n't like having things in our ears when we drive , and this is the solution . My dad drives 2 different cars on a regular basis , so unlike the built-in car kits he can move this between vehicles easily . The audio quality is excellent , it never seems to run out of battery juice , and overall it 's been a fantastic purchase . Did I mention there is a $ 20 rebate on parrot 's website right now too?Pros : * Easy to use * Bluetooth syncs quickly * Plenty loud when driving * It 's like talking to someone in the car * No fumbling for an earpiece when you get a call * Awesome Battery Life * Does n't slide off sun visor , strong clipCons : * Could be smaller on sun visor * No Caller DisplayIf you 're in the market , it 's a great buy .
 I recently received the Parrot mini kit for a Christmas present and it is by far the best hands free unit . I am a flight attendant for a major airline and I use it not only in my car but in my hotel rooms as a speakerphone . The clarity is great and very user friendly . Whomever I am speaking to hears me without any problems or any echoes in the background . I recently purchased a second one so as I can leave one in my car and one in my travel bag . Again , this is a great unit and I recommend it to everyone as we all need to be hands free in our cars.Please pass on my comments to your viewers .
 I have purchased 5 different bluetooth handsfree devices to use with my cell phone , and so far have thrown away 4 of them . This Parrot Mini Kit is the first device that works in a decent form . The clarity is good for the conversations , no break up in the inbound or the outbound . It is easy to use , holds a good charge and works for a week on a charge for me . I like it and would easily advise anyone looking for a good handsfree phone solution to purchase this product . And as always , purchasing from Amazon gives you a great feeling of knowing you will be satisfied with your purchase and the price paid .
 Having just purchased a car with no speaker system for the phone this product has been working great . The sound quality is good and I have n't had anyone yet telling me they ca n't hear me so the quality at the other end seems to be good as well . For the cost - it 's a pretty good product .
 me gusta por el hecho de que no tengo que estar sosteniendo el telefono para hablar , pero a veces tarda en sincronizar con el cell o simplemente no lo hace .
 First off let me state that I bought a used item at a discount . But no matter , the first impression was good . I received it in the original box with all the manuals ; switched it on and immediately paired it with my phone and made my first call within a minute of opening of the package . It is that easy . Just make sure you check the one-page color guide for the pin.I had opened the unit two months after it was shipped and the battery was still strong , as I did not charge it initially . That 's good and bears out other reviewers thumbs up on the battery life . The round knob can be rotated to change the volume or pressed to go into the voice menu . Press it again to select and make the changes . It is very intuitive . I like the rubberized knob and the sides - makes it very easy to grip and feel the buttons -LRB- which are huge -RRB- without having to take your eyes off the road.The Bluetooth range is huge and could be a problem inside the house . You might end up still receiving calls in the car when you have already gone inside the house ! That 's if you do n't switch off the unit after leaving the car . It works perfectly though , connecting and disconnecting without any problems , immediately when in range.The sound volume is great but it can not be called hi-fi . But I can live with it as it is only for voice and it is easy to hear in the car.The only issue I have is that Parrot do n't have online warranty registration . You have to fill out a form and send it by post.Overall , a great product for the price . Let 's see how well it stands up after a couple of months on the road .
 I purchase this like a solution to `` I did n't answer because I was driving '' ... then , searching for simple , easy to use and cheap solution , I found this item , and 2 weeks later I do n't have any problem with it . - Good sound -LRB- if it 's placed correctly -RRB- - Good mic -LRB- clear at the `` other side '' , again if it 's placed correctly -RRB- - multiple language -LRB- I 'm chilean ... excuse my engrrrish , jaja -RRB- - I read many times that this hands free `` suddenly shut off '' ... well , this happens only if you turn off your bluetooth connectivity of your cell , this hands free save energy if no connections are available ... - I think that is cheaper than others -LRB- maybe the most -RRB- Good purchase -LRB- some risky -LSB- vivo en Chile ! -RSB- but I satisfied -RRB-
 I have tried several different bluetooth devices over the years from ones attaching to the ear to GPS devices with bluetooth technology . The ear piece devices were uncomfortable and picked up outside noise when talking . The GPS device had great reception , but the device was on the dash and unless I was sitting idle , others had trouble hearing me.The Minikit has great reception and since it mounts to the visor , I can speak clearly into it . I bought my wife the Minikit Slim which has some extra features that are nice but comes at a higher price . If you are looking for a basic bluetooth device with good communication at a great price , I would recommend the Minikit . Parrot seems to have placed themselves at the top of bluetooth technology .
 After reading all the many bluetooth gadget reviews , I bought this Parrot Miniskit model for my husband this past Christmas . He loves it ! When he calls me , I can not tell if he is using the Parrot or not , the sound quality is excellant . He says that it was easy to set up and use , too . So , now I 've come back and ordered a second one , for me !
 It works well & can handle 5 different cell phones . The product is excelent & is easy to use . The owners manual can be downloaded from Parrot . My only complaint would be the mini-manual that comes with the product could be a little more helpful .
 I have been using this for about 8 months now . I drive a manual so having both hands free is necessary , and an ear piece just gets to uncomfortable . The speaker connects easily to my blackberry when entering the car . The speaker is clear and the caller can hear me clearly too , in fact they can not tell I am even using a device . The battery is incredible and lasts for weeks on a full charge . The range is very long so I usually turn it off when exiting the car or it will stay connected . I have not used the voice command feature as I just make the call from the phone and it connects to the speaker instantly , overall this is a great alternative to an ear piece which can get uncomfortable . A great product , highly recommend it .
 I 'm very pleased with this unit . The sound quality reported by people I 've talked to via the Parrot is excellent -LRB- much better than the built-in Bluetooth in my previous car , a BMW -RRB- . It was also very easy to pair with my phone -LRB- T-Mobile Shadow -RRB- . The only reason I 'm giving it four stars is because I 'd like the built-in speaker to sound a little better , but that 's just nit-picking . This was definitely a good purchase .
 The product is just what I needed and was looking for . The delivery was on time .
 I purchased this unit after reading several of the reviews . I initially tried to use my Magellan Maestro 4250 as a bluetooth telephone device , however as with most other attempts , I could not hear the caller . This Parrot minikit is Fantastic ! It pairs automatically whenever I get in the car and turn it on and turns off automatically when I get home and leave the garage.Sound quality is great and I can adjust the volume to the degree that I can hear very clearly . I recommend this item to anyone that wants a hands free bluetooth telephone device . Simple setup for the first time and after that , get in the car , turn it on hear the beep that signals it has connected , and talk away .
 I received this item as a birthday present from my son a year ago . I absolutely love it ! The charge seems to last for such a long time and I always have to lower the volume because I can hear my caller so clearly . This is a product that truly allows me to safely drive and talk at the same time . As soon as I get into my car , I turn it on and it automatically links up with my telephone in my handbag . You ca n't have it easier than that . I highly recommend this item to anyone that is looking for hands free talking while driving .
 Works like it 's supposed to if you do n't care about voice dialing , though on that score , I gave up pretty fast . To get your contacts into the minikit you need a blue tooth enabled * computer * -LRB- which I have n't got -RRB- since the iPhone 's bluetooth only works with phone calls , not data transfer . But that aside , it 's a fine product well worth the 50 bucks or so .
 I enjoy using the Minikit . The controls are easy to use . It even has a volume knob ! If you leave your car for a few minutes and come back it gives you a signal to alert you the unit is enabled . If you leave the car for 30 minutes it automatically switches off to save the battery charge . I like it better than my Blue Tooth ear piece .
 Much much better than a bluetooth that you put in your ear because it just stays in your car . Just get in your car and the device connects ! sweet ! With the VX8300 the sound is one of the best I have heard and it can get very loud . Oh and the battery life is really good ! I have had this unit for like two weeks and have not charged it a second time yet ! :-RRB- I dought it if you could get anyting better for this price .
 This product works well and when I had problem with the on/off button it was promptly replaced free of charge . Good service appreciated .
 This is a great hands free device and will buy another if this unit ever dies . Simple to use and I highly recommend it .
 I bought this speakerphone and had it going as soon as I charged it . Really very convenient and useful.Pairing was almost automatic and using it is a sinch . I will buy more to distribute among my staff .
 Easy to pair , easy to use and sounds good too . At first I found myself yelling at it but I found I did n't have to .
 This product works great and was at a great price.I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a hands free speakerphone for your mobile phone . Thank You
 I AM SO HAPPY I FOUND THIS PRODUCT . CHEAPER THAN INSTALL ONE IN YOUR CAR OR GET IT FROM BEST BUY . AT $ 34 IS ONE OF MY BEST ACQUISITIONS EVER . YOU CAN LISTEN CLEARLY TO THE OTHER PERSON ON THE PHONE AND THE OTHER PERSON DOES N'T EVEN NOTICE THAT I AM USING A HANDS FREE DEVICE . THE BATTERY LIFE IS REALLY GOOD . ONE GOOD CHARGE AND YOU HAVE DAYS OF USE WITH NO PROBLEM . IT IS EASY TO USE ANYWHERE IN THE CAR TOO . MY HUSBAND PROGRAM BOTH OF OUR CELLPHONES WITH NO PROBLEMS AND IT EVEN IMPORTED OUR CONTACT LIST SO IF WE WANT TO CALL USING THE VOICE COMMAND WORKS PERFECTLY . I THINK I LIKE IT MORE THAT THE ONE THAT CAME INCORPORATED IN MY PREVIOUS CAR . I AM DEFENITELY RECOMMENDING AND SHOWING IT TO EVERYONE THAT I KNOW . SO THE POSITIVE REVIEWS THAT YOU WILL READ ABOUT THIS PRODUCT ARE REAL .
 This minikit is a good product for many reasons It keeps both hands on the wheel . You are able to place and recieve calls with a touch of a button . The voice quality is good on both ends . The battery life is about 10 hours of talktime -LRB- and somewhere like 200 hours on standby -RRB- . The only thing that is a little difficult is programing this device . There is no display sceen It just has voice prompts , but with a little trial and error it 's easy to get past.The kit comes with a car and home charger . It is worth the money !
 I almost got into a car accident by taking my eyes off the road to dial my cell phone . That 's when I purchased `` The Parot Minikit . `` Once I finally got my cell phone set for Bluetooth and got the Minikit connected ... with some very cordial help from Parrot 's help line , the gadget works perfectly . To answer a call , I just reach up to the Minikit which is attached to my visor , and talk . When I 'm finished , I just push another button to end the call.To make a call , I just push one button on the Minikit and say the name . The Minikit dials and when the party answers , I talk . My eyes never leave the road . It also holds a charge for a long time since it turns itself off once I get 30 feet or more from the car .
 The Parrot Bluetooth Portable Speaker Minkit is very close to perfect . The instruction manual must have been directly translated from another language -LRB- I think French -RRB- because it is a little unclear and difficult to follow at times . The unit itself works very well ... everyone I talk to on it remarks on the clarity even with the window down a bit . When I make outgoing calls the person I 'm calling caller ID does n't know who 's calling -LRB- it shows up as No Data -RRB- and that may bother some . For the price this thing works great , it 's portable , much better than an ear bud ... it 's worth every penny ! Kent C.
 I have been using the Parrot for over a year ... just got one for my daughter who sells advertising ... she loves it too ... I would get one if you are on the phone a lot in your car ... keeps your hands on the wheel
 I tried to use my Tom Tom GPS to hook with my bluetooth phone but the quality of the microphone and speaker were not acceptable . I then got a hands free unit which went on the head restraint uprights . Both microphone and speaker were fine but I had difficulty hearing if the window was down . Then I found this Parrot Mini Kit . What a wonderful product . It sits unobtrusively on my visor and the quality of the microphone and speaker are exceptional . No problem pairing it with my LG VX8600 as both recognized each other right away . I can not be happier with this product and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a hands free solution with a bluetooth phone .
 I have a more expensive bluetooth headset and I always use the Parrot instead . The reason , no awful feedback . The sound is clear on both ends , even with the noise of traffic . Easy to operate . A real bluetooth for dummies for the car .
 I 've had this product for 2 days now and it works prefectly for me . Not sure what all the other gripes are about , when set up correctly and charged fully this item works flawlessly ! And bonus , most people ca n't hear my kids in the back seat !
 The Parrot MINIKIT Bluetooth Speakerphone was very easy to pair up with my LG Voyager Touch cellphone . I was a little concerned about not being able to speak voice commands with the Parrot Speakerphone because I have to unlock my phone from the touch screen prior to use . Surprisingly the speakerphone was programmed automatically and I am able to use the voice commands of my phone without needing to unlock it . I do n't need to have my cellphone accessible for anything - I can just use the Parrot for all menus and functions.The unit clips securely on my sun visor and command buttons are easy to operate . It is a perfect size , the buttons are large and easy to see and use . The volume button can be a little annoying since it does not have volume markings to let you know where the volume is set at . The 12 volt cigarette adapter plastic housing is cheaply made , one hard turn into the 12 volt socket and it will probably break into pieces . The cord is really short too . Instead I use my GPS Vehicle power adapter -LRB- 12-24 watts -RRB- and it has been working great . The battery life is extremely long , but this way I am able to use the unit on my dash while it is being charged since the GPS power adapter has a much longer cord . I have attached pictures on the product page so you can see for yourself the size compared to my garage door opener and also of the car adapter.The sound is clear and loud - it can be very loud with no distortions or muffled sounds . No more fumbling around looking for my headset or having to answer the phone worrying that I am going to get a ticket.TheParrot MINIKIT Bluetooth Speakerphoneis a great buy . Excluding the cigarette car adapter , you will not be disappointed with this unit . Great gift idea .
 Good voice quality , connects to my cellphone fast every time I turn it on , Long battery life , shuts off automatically when leaving the car , good voice recognition through cellphone.The one minus
 I purchased this unit with hopes to have a good clear hands free connection while driving . The seller provided stellar service and shipped the product within my expectations . The product however , still has issues with the talking in a bucket sound to your caller but it is not as bad as other bluetooth items I have seen . Other wise , the minikit connects easily with my Razr V9x and does not have any problems .
 I researched this prior to buying this . I had purchased other ones , and had to take them back because I could n't hear them , or people could n't hear me because of ambient noise . Amazon had the best price , as well . 5 Stars for that - Amazon was about 1/3 less than the big box store . It was a great buy for me , and I recommend this to anyone who prefers clarity . Matter of fact , I purchased two of them . GREAT BUY !!!!!!
 This blue-tooth speaker works really well . I used it with an LG Voyager , Blackberry curve and now a Tour . It did sound the best with the LG , but still works perfectly fine with the blackberrys . My dad uses it was an iphone and it works well with that too . This is a nice option if you do n't want to wear the ear piece blue-tooth . The price is reasonable and the battery last forever . It also comes with a USB car charger which was awesome because my curve took the same charger and I did n't have to buy a separate one .
 I recently purchased this item and I am truly pleased with it!Larry - Hamilton , ON. , Canada
 This Parrot MINIKIT Bluetooth Speakerphone -LRB- Black -RRB- is the best product for hands free . It is more than worth the price . I brought this item for my husband and he loves it . We do not like complicated gagets -LRB- modern technology -RRB- but this is NOT one of them.It clips on to the sun visor , speakerphone is very clear , battery life is about 10 days -LRB- depending on usage -RRB- and you would not believe it could be this good . Buy one!Advice to people buying :1 . Make sure you store/save your cell numbers to the PHONE -LRB- not Sims card -RRB- . You can save back to Sims card after pairing to Parrot .2 . Make sure your cell phone can Voice Name record . You need this option on your cell phone to PAIR with Parrot MINIKIT Bluetooth Speakerphone .
 For $ 50 it does exactly what you want it to do . Well worth the money
 I received the item very quickly and it was just as described . It works great . Thanks !!!
 This little speaker phone works well with my cell phone . It is relatively inexpensive and allows me to comply with California law while traveling through the state .
 The Parrot MINIKITs -LRB- two -RRB- work well with my current Blackberry Curve as well as my Motorola RAZR v3 . They were simple to set up and pair with each phone . The MINIKIT 's speaker volume is highly adjustable and my calls have been clear to everyone I 've called . One small quibble is that the MINIKIT would be even better if the product were a little thinner or had a rotating clip for use when the sun visor is in use .
 Product works great . I can hear everyone just fine and everyone can hear me just fine as well . The battery does last forever even in the harsh winter we have had lately . Its probably been about 2 months since the last recharge . Once its set up , very simple to use . Just turn it on and it links to my phone automatically .
 waw . . wonderful product ... this with many languagejust switch it on ... directly connect with my nokia N70 and all nokia N series ... auto ... the charge up to 1 weeks + ... more than 8 hours talking ... clear sound . . small ... can fix it anywhere ... excelent mic ... easy configure and controlHigh recommended
 A good price for a product everyone will need in there auto without hooking into the radio system or having something sticking in your ear !
 Purchased the unit based on the great reviews on the web . It works very well in the car and also in small conference rooms with a couple of people . I could n't get it to work with my MacBook 's Bluetooth for iChat AV , but that was more of a goodie anyhow . Thanks Parrot for a product well done !
 Great little gadget . Works very well in the car and the sound quality is outstanding .
 It is very stylish and cute . I use it to carry my cell and driver 's license , credit cards to go on quick errands . I love it .
 I was a little disappointed with the overall quality and the color but this is still the cutest camera purse I have seen for the price . It coordinates well with other accessories , and fits my Nikon Coolpix or my largish Blackberry 8800 . The leather is very strong and durable , and the rivets are of beautiful antique brass . The design aesthetics are effortless but still tasteful . The interior is unlined so it is of rough suede , the underside of the smooth leather , but most leather-lovers would find this to be beautiful . If I could describe it in one hyphenated word
 For the price , this is n't a bad set for the W810i . The headset works well and the car charger works as it should . My only issue with the case is that hole at the top for the speaker -LRB- the one used when you hold the phone to your ear -RRB- is too far up . Sometimes I am forced to pull the top of the case down so I can hear . Other than that , all the openings seem to be in the right place .
 i just switched from Motorola back to Nokia after a 4 year hiatus . I 've returned this phone before even making a call , so I ca n't review call quality . My impressions from `` playing '' with the 6102i the limited time I had it : - At home the Nokia was at full signal strength -LRB- bars -RRB- where my Motorola was only partial or would be emergency service only . Nokias always did have better connection than other phones ; this one seems to be the same as others.-Everything is very easy to use and understand . Took only about an hour to go from `` Motorola-speak '' to `` Nokia-speak '' in my brain , even with the reversing of some key functions between the two companies models.-I ca n't evaluate the call volume since I never made any , but the alert and sounds on this phone are LOUD if played at the highest settings . Almost too loud . I do n't know why people are saying they ca n't get the phone loud enough . My guess is they either have a wrong profile in use -LRB- sound settings can be made for different profiles -RRB- , or they ca n't figure out how to operate the very simple volume control.-A simple $ 9 or $ 10 plug-in from a 3rd party source made this phone sync with my Mac , even though it is not supported by iSync.-Bluetooth connection was flawless , albeit on my Motorola I could automatically accept all future transfers from a ` trusted ' pairing . It seems the Nokia requires a confirmation every time , although maybe I just did n't play with it enough to find out how to do this.-The camera took MUCH better and clearer photos than my old Motorola V507-The address book is how an address book SHOULD be
 I have used Nokia phones for 11 years
 I have been using Nokia phones for years now , always great reception and coverage . I decided to switch to a flip phone and wanted a nokia too , this is an awesome phone . It gets great reception anywhere and it is clear as a bell . Also important the battery life last forever !! It comes with some great features - camera , radio , and bluetooth . I recommend this phone to anyone !
 I bought this phone for a few reasons
 My favorite phones are Nokia and of those the 6230 was the best . It was small , great functionality , easy to use had Bluetooth , etc. . The 6102i is the flip phone version of the 6230 plain and simple . It has the exact same look , feel and features of the 6230 . The phone gets great reception , is very light and compact , bluetooth works perfect and takes decent pictures . My previous Nokia 6682 took better pictures because it had a flash , the 6102i does not . Anyway , if you really want great pictures go buy a digital camera not a phone . One last important point
 Pros : CompactGreat battery lifeLittle/No cost for phoneCons : Cheap casingPoor sound qualityBad camera
 This phone feels basic , in that it 's not superstylish , and does n't really have any really `` sexy '' features . The camera is so-so . It does have a speakerphone and voice dialing.The reason I gave it 5 stars is that , in terms of doing the primary functions of a cell phone , i.e. , making and receiving calls , it is superb . I live in a `` moderate signal area , '' and the Motorola V3r sounded just awful in my house . The LGCU500 did n't ring at all when people tried to call , and just went straight to voicemail . But everyone says the sound is great with my Nokia 6102i , including with the speakerphone . I was trying to get a phone with all those coolo features , but in the end , I need a phone.The phone is plastic , and the design is OK . It does n't feel cheesy , just not slick and fashionable . It 's not remarkably big or small . The functions are reasonably easy to figure out.For someone who makes calls in weak signal areas , I 'd definitely recommend this phone . If you 're trying to impress people , this probably wo n't do it ; -RRB-
 I ordered Nokia 6102i directly from Cingular without knowing anything about it . I got a little nervous so did an search and began reading reviews at CNET . After reading several negative comments I was totally prepared NOT to like this phone , with the full intention of sending it back.I am actually very impressed with it -LRB- though not the camera images but , hey , I did n't buy the phone to take pictures -RRB- . It 's plenty sophisticated for my needs . Love the way the bluetooth pairs with my car .
 I must start by saying that I am impressed by the call quality of this phone ; I was a loyal Motorola customer until I used the Razr -LRB- which my boyfriend is about to change it like me because of the poor call quality -RRB- ; then I heard about Nokia and its reputation and decided to give it a try and I have no regrets so far . The only thing that it is taking me a while is to become used to the menus , which are waaaaay different than in Motorola , but for the price you ca n't beat it .
 After being a devoted fan of Nokia phones , I decided to stray with my last phone and purchased the Motorola V400 . It was a great flip phone with a ton of great features that Nokia could never come close to touching . So , after falling in love with that phone , my new phone had some pretty big shoes to fill ... that 's when I saw her , the Nokia 6102i . She was small and thin with a sleek , black and gray , clamshell design . Her little stub antenna , built in camera , Bluetooth technology and front external display were only some of the features that first grabbed my eye . Could this be `` The One '' to steal my heart ??? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The size of cell phones continues to shrink and I really wonder why no one has finally built a Dick Tracy-style video-phone-watch ! None of the pictures really do justice to just how portable this phone is , but dimensionally it 's smaller than your average business card , though obviously much thicker.I settled on this phone after seeing my father-in-law 's , also a 6102i . I 've read other reviews talk about the finish flaking , scratches , etc. , but he 's had his for more than a year , carries it around in his pants pocket and I 've seen him drop it more than once . It still looks great.As others have noted , this phone is loaded with a slew of options , so many that navigating around them can be intimidating and requires some time to practice and master . And some of the options are not very intuitive . Still , any reasonably talented teenager could figure out most of the functions without referring to the manual -LRB- at least my reasonably talented teenagers did . -RRB- My favorite functionality is being able to sync the phone with my contact list and appointments . I was really nervous about attempting this as I have 750 + contacts and many , many appointments . But -LRB- after purchasing the optional CA-42 data cable and downloading the free PC suite software -RRB- it worked like a champ and gives me a much easier -LRB- and faster -RRB- method for downloading ring tones , pictures , etc. . I found ample support on the web and in the manual to sync my phone , create my own ring tones , and generally personalize my new phone.One bit of advice concerning contact lists - if yours is as large as mine , then scrolling through all 750 + names is going to be a drag . So what I did was to sync the full list one time , then go back into the PC Suite Sync options and change the setting to only update my calendar . Then began the laborious task of working my way through the phone list , deleting everyone except the family members or friends that I actually wanted to have on there.As others have noted , the battery life really is great . I remember my first cell phone in the middle 90 's - I had to carry a charger around with me where ever I went and , if the call was important , I 'd plug it in first . On an average , even with daily use , I 've noticed that I can go approximately two to three days between charging . That 's pretty darn good.Security on the phone is only so-so , but then that 's true of every phone I 've ever used . All phones offer you the option of mandating a PIN be input once the phone is turned on , but then it stays turned on and never prompts you for it again . I understand why this is true - who wants an extra 4 to 10 digits when you want to make a call ? Still , it bothers me that if I lose my phone , or if it 's stolen , then odds are that it 'll be on and , at least until the battery dies , who ever has it can browse the web , call all over the world , and have access to my address book -LRB- and now pictures and who know what else -RRB- until I notice it 's gone and call my provider to have them shut down the SIM . What I really want is a phone that 'll need a pin to make a call or access my address book , but I 'm an InfoSec guy and being anal-retentive is considered an asset , rather than a detriment , in my career field.As far as the other options , I 've used the camera only once -LRB- to prove it worked -RRB- and the quality was pretty good . I 've noticed that to get good pictures you really should have adequate lighting -LRB- well , okay , broad daylight -RRB- but even interior shots are fair to middling . I 've played with the Tetris game sitting in my dentist 's waiting room , but other that I have n't really used the many , many other tools this phone provides.I have some complaints , but they 're really minor . For example , there 's no way to set a `` day view '' in the calendar . When you open up your calendar , it defaults to a month view , with the current date selected , and then you can select the day to see a list of appointments . Annoying , but since I only use the calendar function as a reminder for appointments I 've set with my PC , it 's not that big a deal . Also , there appears to be no way to change the default appointment tone , which disappoints me only slightly.And as far as the Dick Tracy watch is concerned - who needs to wear a watch anymore ? If it was n't for the fact that I just love the look and style of my Invicta Swiss Diver -LRB- and the fact that it , unlike my Nokia 6102i , is waterproof -RRB- I 'd never need to wear one !
 I got this phone and it was easy for me to figure it out even though I 've never had a flip phone . I went through the book and got everything set up.This said , my phone would only light up when someone called . I went in and reset all my tones . Finally I called Cingular and they had me call Nokia . Nokia said that there was something wrong with the Normal setting , it 's where you can set it for normal , outdoors , meetings etc. . I could either set it to outdoors and have the ringer turned down or return it or call Cingular and tell them what Nokia told me . I called Cingular and they had me ship it back and sent me a replacement . I liked everything about this phone except that it did n't ring or vibrate unless it was set to outdoors .
 Okay , so when I first got this phone I had some problems . I used to have the black razr and for whatever reason , I needed a new SIM card . So when I got my Nokia , I went to the Cingular store and had them use their machine to transfer my contacts from my old SIM to my new one . What happened was that I only had like 70 contacts but the SIM memory said I had 250 , and that all my SIM memory was full . I went through warranty exchange a couple times -LRB- for various reasons -RRB- and I guess now the problem is fixed -LRB- God knows why it happened in the first place -RRB- . Second , a previous reviewer said , ` It consistently fails to read the SmartID card precluding any use of the phone unless you power down and restart . Will read `` Insert SmartChip . '' Just checked as it 's recharging and you guessed it - it says it now . ' THIS IS TRUE !! I thought I was the only one this happened to . It either says Insert SmartChip or Enter Restrict Code . I have no clue why but I went to the Cingular store last week and they gave me a newer , up-to-date SIM card and I have n't had that problem yet.I went back to the razr a week ago , thinking it was way better , but it 's really not . The razr has such weak battery life . I used to talk on it for 1 - 11/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying . On the Nokia , I can talk for a good 4-5 hours before the battery dies out . Also , the picture quality on the Nokia is great . Another reviewer said this phone does n't have a flash , but if you use `` night mode '' it 's pretty much the same thing . You can also add people to Groups and assign ringtones to them , change the phone 's Idle font color -LRB- which comes in handy if you have a dark background where the default black font blends in and ca n't be read -RRB- , and a lot of other cool things.The downside ? Yes , the memory can be weak ! I used to download ringtones all the time from Cingular 's website and it took up way too much memory , to the point where it kept saying `` memory low , '' and telling me to delete some items to feel some KB space.Overall , I like this phone . For someone who is on their phone a lot , this is a good phone since the battery life is really strong . It 's a phone that 's dependable , for the most part . It 's also cute and small . I would recommend this .
 I 've been using this phone for about 6 months now . So far I love the many features and the long battery life . I 've never had a camera phone before , so I ca n't accurately compare the quality of the photos . But the ones this phone takes are better than what I 've been sent from other phones in the past . Certainly not digital camera quality , but okay.As other 's have pointed out , the casing seems flimsy . But I carry it in a hard case so it 's holding up nicely and still looks great . I certainly would not trust it to hold up to being in the bottom of my purse or in someone 's pocket with their car keys . If you need a tough phone , better skip this one.So , besides having to treat it like an eggshell , it 's packed with useful features and I enjoy using it .
 I just switch from ATT business to Cingular business and it still took more than a week to port my number . I tried 2 + years ago when they first merged with ATT but each department blamed the other for not completing the transaction . After many , many phone calls & 10 + hours of `` customer care '' , I gave up . The only reason for not switching providers was the fabulous discount of 16 % plus I had virtually no problems and good clarity even on the old TDMA service of ATT . I relocated a bit and travel a lot so I need a good solid `` US '' network . I had a TDMA Nokia `` brick '' phone , which is durable , reliable and still in decent shape . The Nokia 6102i was the lowest of the 2 flip phones offered for my `` upgrade '' . I was skeptical after I read the reviews for this phone on cnet . I use Amazon reviews a lot for my purchases and found they more accurately reflected my own experiences with the products . And after reading the reviews here , I did not cancel the phone . I ordered the RAZR a few months earlier with another provider , when Cingular was telling me I 'll need to jump through hoops again but thanks to the numerous , detailed descriptions of the reviewers here , I cancelled that order and that contract . As for the Nokia 6102i , as stated by many other reviewers here , it 's a decent phone with VGA camera plus bluetooth . I have it for 2 weeks but service for 1 week and the battery life is great !!! I played with the phone and most of its functions , talked on it for 2 + hours , took 7 pictures , IR sync and after 1 + week , it just dropped to 2 bars out of 4 ... description on Cingular have talk time at 4 hours . Speakerphone was loud and decent , voice dialing and voice recording works well plus I did not have low volume or inaudible ringer as stated on cnet . Speakerphone is not one touch activation as other phones but 3 steps . I have the phone setting to outdoors and it 's really loud . Pictures were really good quality for a camera phone . The phone book and menu is not well arranged as others . I had to go to the manual twice . If you 're use to using stuff out of the box immediately , you might get a bit frustrated . It 's not sleek but does have a nice solid feel/heft . Have n't tested the bluetooth or internet service yet . I 'm also trying the LG CU400 since that was the phone I originally requested but was denied . Overall , I 'm tempted to keep this phone and cancel the order for the LG because it 's a good functional phone and all of the features I need meets or exceed expectation .
 The product was shipped and received within 3 days . Nothing so far wrong with the product . Overall good buying experience .
 This was exactly what I was looking for . I was unable to find it locally in any of the stores in my area .
 This battery seems to work just like the original one , which is just what I needed . After 18 months , my original battery was just not holding a charge well . This battery lets me get through at least a full day of normal use , which is pretty good for the power-hungry Droid Charge.I was kind of hoping for better performance from a new battery , but for the price I ca n't complain .
 I got this battery for my wife 's old 2125 whose battery kept discharging . Perfect match , problem solved . The battery has served her well till this month when we replaced the old phone with a new - different model . Good price for a good replacement .
 Buying cheap batteries is a hit and miss proposition . Sometimes you get good value , other times you end up buying complete junk . Good news for this product is that it appears not to be junk.My wife 's cell phone was having all sorts of problems . Intermittent hanging -LRB- it 's a smartphone -RRB- , low battery life , going from three bars of battery to zero with no warning , etcetera ... The new battery seems to have fixed all these problems . Now I 'm buying another for myself .
 My wife loves her old beat up cell phone , but when the batteries started to last only few hours , she started to get angry at the cellphone . Well I try to convince her to buy a new one , but she say ' that she does n't need a kids cell phone , and the Blackberies , are for Drones , and the I-phone it 's to big for her . So I was left with not other option to buy this battery , and so far she has been really happy with it , since now she can have a cellphone charge for almost three day 's .
 ca n't hold like the one that came with the phone but you ca n't beat the price
 Although I own an older PPC telephone , my two batteries arrived and I was up and running shortly thereafter . Product was good as advertised .
 I used this with my Pearl so I could use my old wired headset . Basic functions on the headset seemed to function , but the answer/dial button would not work . Having nothing to compare this against , I ca n't tell for sure if the problem I encountered is generic , or unique to this adapter .
 Worked perfectly as promised and expected . The only adapter that worked with the LG phones we use enabling us to listen IN STEREO with headphones or interface with car audio aux inputs .
