 First of all , the company took my money and sent me an email telling me the product was shipped . A week and a half later I received another email telling me that they are sorry , but they do n't actually have any of these items , and if I received an email telling me it has shipped , it was a mistake.When I finally got my money back , I went through another company to buy the product and it wo n't work with my phone , even though it depicts that it will . I have sent numerous emails to the company - I ca n't actually find a phone number on their website - and I still have not gotten any kind of response . What kind of customer service is that ? No one will help me with this problem . My advice - do n't waste your money !
 this is NOT a DATA CABLE this is only a USB charger dont buy this .
 Well , it technically does what it is supposed to do -- that is , allows you to transfer files from your phone to your computer or vice versa . But , it is rude & puts up a fight to do so . The thing came with no instructions , so it took forever to install . Once installed , it creates a desktop icon which ca n't be removed or modified ... because it 's not actually a desktop icon -LRB- when I figure out what exactly this thing is , I 'll post it -RRB- or in the registry at all . Actual transfer of files takes over the entire computer -LRB- do n't have anything else running -RRB- and is slower than a floppy drive ! I 've found a ton of settings and such that the software changed without asking -LRB- rude in my book -RRB- , so I 'm probably going to have to re-install Windows to get everything back the way I like it . Although , it 's nice to have the pics off my phone to email and have a custom wallpaper & ringtones on my phone , I 'm really thinking of returning this rude little punk . If I could , I 'd give it zero stars . -LRB- I 'm not 100 % sure that this will make a difference since the main problem appears to be Sony 's software that you download from them , but the cable appears to be made by someone other than Sony and the oficial Sony Data cable is pretty much only sold through Sony 's website . -RRB- Update on 6/4/2006 : I was given a data cable for my Sony Ericsson z500a as a gift -LRB- turned out to be a 3rd party cable like this product is -RRB- . At first , I was happy that I 'd be able to transfer pictures taken with my camera phone to my computer to email to friends back home ... but after installing everything , the thing only worked a few times at a nerve-rackingly slow pace . After tons of headaches messing with that , I contacted Sony 's tech support . They do n't seem to know how to figure out problems very well , and about all they could do on that call was get my info to send out a new cable . The new cable -LRB- Sony Ericsson cable -RRB- does n't seem to work either , and I 've called them several times now -- each time speaking with 2-3 reps.So , my advice would be to not bother with the data cable -LRB- third party or Sony 's -RRB- since neither will work properly . If you have a third party cable such as this product , do n't tell Sony tech support because then they wo n't help you , so you 're basically just out the money you spent on a cheap unofficial cable . Just enjoy your Sony Ericsson z500a & watch anyone who has a camera phone that has a working data cable for ideas for your next phone .
 If you purchase this data cable , you need to know that you will receive no real directions or information regarding what to check if nothing works . As directed , I downloaded all of the files from the SE site -LRB- 70MB on dial up ! -RRB- , and then downloaded all of the user guides . Everything seemed to install ok , but nothing would make my phone be recognized . After that I scoured the SE site for troubleshooting info on their branded cable-in the hope that something would help me figure out the problem . After 2 full days of beating my head against the wall , I finally threw the cable and the useless CD that came with it in the trash.If I had used my brain I would have paid the extra $ $ for a SE branded cable and software -LRB- and the support that comes along with that -RRB- . I now have the real deal -LRB- SE data cable and software -RRB- , and guess what ? Yep , installation was a breeze and it works beautifully . You really do get what you pay for .
 According to the specifications this headset supports Bluetooth 1.2 , as well as the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile -LRB- A2DP -RRB- and the Audio Video Remote Control Profile -LRB- AVRCP -RRB- . I could not get any sound to come out when connected with my Sony Ericsson w600i in phone or Walkman mode , and people could not hear me when I called them . I tried every setting possible , read the instructional booklets for each device and the thing still would n't to anything when connected . I am guessing that this headset works fantastically with any Motorola device , but as far as I 'm concerned this product is guilty of false advertising . After this experience I do not plan on buying any Motorola Bluetooth devices .
 The case I had did n't fit properly - the window obstructed the rightmost side of the display . You could shift it over , but it would always shift back . I do n't know if they are all that way -LRB- maybe I got a bad one ? -RRB- , but I did n't want to buy another one to find out .
 The averall construction is good but the placement of the holes leave a lot to be desired . It changes position very easily and constantly covers the , already way too small , holes you speak into . I would have been very dissapointed if I would have paid the original asking price of $ ... The belt clip feature is good .
 I bought these for use on my ipod earbuds . I had an old pair -LRB- they were green -RRB- that worked great , but I lost one . Within minutes of putting them on the earbuds , they split open - all three pairs ! If you 're planning on using these for your ipod headphones , look into the older colored ones - I believe they 're a different material and less prone to cracking .
 Save your money . The eargels split in two days . I used regular ear buds on the large size . They did hold the buds in the ear better , but no gain in sound quality . If you want the small and med , I 'll send them to you for shipping . I have no use for them .
 I have ear gels before , but none that were this cheap -LRB- and I do n't mean cost ! -RRB- . There was no consistency in the size -LRB- they come in different sizes , but no two were the same -RRB- . And without fail , every single one I tried to use split in half after being installed on the ear piece . Every one ! It did n't seem to matter if they were small or larger -- or even larger than the ear piece . The material just began tearing from both sides and ended up falling off in ever instance.I am sure there must be a better quality version of these things somewhere . I seriously do not recommend these to anyone .
 They do n't stay on the bluetooth ... when they do stay on they work great ! So I feel like I wasted my money : - -LRB-
 These may work for some people , but for others like me , they 're worthless . The fit was horrible and they did not stay in my ear . They also caused my Jawbone Prime to protrude far enough so that the front part no longer touched my face -LRB- which is required for their noise reduction circuitry to work -RRB- . I threw these away and am now using the stock earbud with the ear hook.These are designed for people with a certain ear shape . If your ears do n't conform to this shape -LRB- which is likely the case for many people -RRB- , these will be useless . If you want these , I suggest buying from a local store where you might be able to try them on , or at least to return them without having to pay return shipping .
 I got these in hope It would give me a good fit to my jawbone 2 , but they did not work for me . I think they even made it less of a fit .
 I have a jawbone headset , before I have read some review on the website everyone is recommend to buy the jarbra eargel to go with my jawbone , I found that is very untrue , before I was using with the hook , my jawbone never fell out of my ear , but when I first wear my jawbone with eargels . it kept on fell out of my ear . so I stop using them , to me a a waste of money , I like my jawbone the way it is . and it 's comfortable for my usage as well . could be happy than that .
 GOT THIS PRODUCT TO USE WITH A BLUETOOTH . NO INSTUCTIONS ON HOW TO FIT OR USE IT.SIZES DIDNT FIT MY EAR .
 The title says it all . Preset sizes of the EarGels just do n't fit my ears . The tube that directs sound does not go in my ear canal far enough and the hook that is supposed to hold the unit in your ear will not hold it in mine . None of the 3 sizes of gels made a difference.Try before you buy if possible .
 Although good quality product , it does n't fit my ear at all . None of the sizes fit comfortably or snug . I ca n't use it at all and just wasted my money .
 I bought these to help with what I 've read , to get the Jawbone to fit better . These ear pieces were hard to get into the ear no matter what size I tried . For a wireless earpiece you want to be able to get it on and off your ear quick if you need to , and these prevent you from doing so .
 I was misled by a user review that indicated the gels would help my new Jawbone stay in my ear without the hook . The gels would stay in my ear but came off my headset , allowing it to fall to the ground . These may be OK but not for my application .
 I bought two sets of these . They 're priced at $ 9.50 . But , when they arrived , the price tag still stuck on the item says $ 2.99 . Nice way to hide your `` shippign cost '' -LRB- $ 6.51 -RRB- from your customers ! This company goes on my `` Never Again '' list !
 great idea the issue is some people -LRB- me -RRB- dont have the `` flap '' that these fit into on my ear , the top piece needs to be at least 5mm longer to fit without falling out . the teacup ear bud works better.and since i opened it i cant return it way to go amazonif your ears dont have deep folds do not buy these .
 Kudos to the dude/dude-ette who figured out that the Jabra ear gels might improve the bad , painful and ineffective stock rubber covers provided with your Jawbone product . The Jabra gels are n't a perfect solution for my Icon-Hero , but they 're heaps better than the original earbud-nonsense supplied with the bluetooth unit -LRB- which I totally dig -RRB- . Still , the drama of finding a way to `` rig '' a $ 100 electronic device from a reputable manufacturer so that it does n't hurt your ear is not cool . Aliph-Jawbone are you listening ? I know that all ears and fit requirements are different , but I 'm just sayin ' ... really ? Anyway , if you 've been looking for an alternative to the problem -LRB- s -RRB- associated with the original , messed-up-a $ $ earbuds , you might already know that you got ta use one of the round earbuds like the one on the unit when it was new so that the Jabra eargel can fit over it . Here 's the thing
 The service was good but the product did n't have enough info for me to make a wise decision . At the end I could n't use the product on my jabra ear piece . The item description should have information on compatible Ear sets to help make a better purchasing choice .
 These are not the same that come on the earbud , and are not easy to use , or to hear from . I sent mine back !
 Absolute waste of money . What arrived was knock off crap that smelt like petrol and was slightly greasy/slippery to the touch.I left them sitting outside their packaging for a month so see if they improved but all they did was make the area smell like them.Given the price and cost to return not worth the trouble to send back however I would never buy from these guys again.Am fairly surprised at the comments of quality etc - suggest people go and see what the real thing looks/feels/smells ! like in a retail store .
 Complete waste of money . All three sizes pushed my Jawbone ICON out too far from my face to make contact with my jawbone.I know my ears stick out ... I am not dumbo though . This was a waste of money for me , thankfully they were only 10 bucks.I went back to the ear pads that came with the ICON ... Is stays in for a while as long as i do n't move ... Not quite battlefield worthy as JB claims ...
 Well I took a chance on these . I read previous reviews and believed what they said ... Always go with your first instincts . I should have known better . They looked too big in the pictures , but the reviews made it sound like only a tiny part of these ear gels actually went in your ear . So I took a chance on them.I was so disappointed . They come with three sizes , however even the smallest size is much bigger than the ear bud on the Jabra bluetooth device , which was the initial problem . Do n't believe previous reviews that tell you that these will solve the problem , they make it worse.I now have the newest , most expensive Jabra bluetooth device that will not stay in my ear . When it is in correctly it is very painful . I am now going to purchase the earbuds that I thought sounded good before I read the reviews . I will update then .
 These were way to big for my ears . Even the small size was to large . I usually wear the medium size ear gel that comes with the BT device . I am using these on a Jabra Extreme 2 so maybe they were not made for that device . The gel did fit properly over the device however but I had to force it hard into my hear and it became pretty painful after a couple of hours of wear .
 I purchased the eargels which was very comfortable and initally stable . Unforunately after a few weeks of infrequent use my ICON would fall out of the eargel and when stored away it invarable fell out and I would have to replace the ICON back into the eargel . So I have returned to using the original ICON rubber piece which although not as comfortable at least stayed in place .
 With the rubber ring in place the head set does not seat well in the gels and comes out too easily . With the ring off it will barely stay in the small size . The medium gels fit me best until they are stretched by the rubber ring . One gel even split wen trying to put the earpiece back in . I am trying the small for now until I find a better solution .
 I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear . The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear . They seem to be made of a very thick silicone that has a slightly slippery feel to them . I was really disappointed with these . Stay away if you have small ear canals .
 None of them actually fit my ear or the other person I brought them for . They were way too big . If you have small ears do n't purchase this item .
 I was looking forward to some really comfortable gel inserts for my earphones . I thought these would fit the bill , but they do n't by a long shot . To begin with , even the smallest size was far too big to fit my ears . The large looked gigantic . I can not in good faith recommend these . If they develop ones that are sized appropriately , I might give them a try . I gave these to a couple of friends , and even they said there was no way these word work for them either . What more can I say ? Stick with inserts from companies like Shure or Westone .
 Complete waste of $ 12.00 . If they stayed in your ear they might be worth something , but good luck with that . In-ear earbuds work so much better than these .
 These probably work great for some people , but they did n't for me . None of the three sizes gave me just the right fit and I ended up going back to the factory gel that came with the device .
 None of the gels came close to fitting in my ear - I ended up using the little rubber ring in the kit on my Jabra bluetooth to keep it from slipping out . Highly not recommended ...
 DO NOT BUY FROM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sent me Jabra EarGels claiming they fit the Jawbone Prime 2 . They did not . Because I had them for 28 days , they would not take them back . Their return policy stated that you can return up to 30 days.DO NOT BUY FROM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got these for my jawbone headset . Many had said they work great . but for the life of me i cant figure out how you get them to work short of superglue and even then they are too quiet to hear so i guess they work on the jabra they are designed for but not the jawbone .
 Save youself some money . The Jabra Ear Gels are an absolute waste . They actually fit worse than the stock ear buds from Jawbone.I was even more disappointed that I paid $ 4.63 shipping on a worthless $ 9.99 product . It 's not even worth returning . Lesson learned . Hopefully you will also .
 I only have one word to say about it ... `` NOT RECOMMENDED '' ... but still you can go ahead & waste your $ 10 to find out ... Good Luck
 Only buy these if you have huge ears ! Even the smallest ones were too big for my ears.Jabra EarGels - ClearI suppose in theory they should work to channel the sound into your ear , but that 's only if the pieces fits into your ear , I did n't get a chance to test that aspect .
 This product ended up being a waste of money for me . They did n't fit too well so I ended up just using the original Jawbone ear piece with the these .
 In an odd case of poor quality control , the package of eargels came with two of one of the six sizes and missing one of the others . I bought them to make my Jawbone headset fit . It 's better than it was , but still not ergonomic .
 They look cheep and feel cheep and well . . they are cheep but they do n't work which is the bottom line . Fitting them onto the jawbone does not lock into place so the ear piece you just spent over a 100bucks for falls out of your ear ! It 's not worth it since Jawbone gives you five ear buds that lock onto the Jawbone , which fit your snugly in your ear . They also give you a left ear or a right ear bar that lets you choose which works for you . So this product fails and had I 'd seen them in person I would n't have spent my money on them .
 I bought these Jabra Eargels from another retailer , because I thought they had the colored ones , which are supposedly more durable than their clear counterparts . Well , they did not have the colored ones , but the clear ones I received from them were horrible junk . I tried the pieces on before fitting them with headphones and the medium and large pieces fit great in my ear , I thought I was really going to like this product ! I did n't consider to think that putting in the somewhat oversized earbud driver was going to stretch the entire piece . It took a lot of struggle to even get the earbud in in the first place , I had to let them warm up so that the material was at least somewhat stretchy first . I eventually got the earbuds to stay , and tried to fit them in my ear . Well , they would n't . They were stretched to far to fit in my ear AT ALL , it was like trying to force a square peg into a round hole.So I let them sit for a while and went to do something else , I come back and decide they 're not for me -LRB- after trying all sizes -RRB- , and when I 'm packing them back up , I notice that the large size has a giant split right down the middle on both sides , leaving a tiny 3mm strip of material that has n't torn through . I returned them , and who would blame me ? See the title , this product is complete garbage .
 these were advertised to fit the habra stone . they did not . i do n't know if they changed the advertisement since then but it was aid to be a package with the habra stone so i got it . not even one piece fit . threw them away
 These ear gels were supposed to fit easily on the Jabra Bluetooth that I have , but they do n't stay on at all once they were placed on it . I was hoping the contoured shape would hold in my ears , but it just proved to be very uncomfortable .
 Not one of the ear gels worked . Feel like I got ripped off . The ear gels are headed to the trash can where they belong .
 When I first installed one of these on my new Jawbone II , they were fantastic . They fit my ear canal perfectly , negating the need for the ear loop that came with it . Unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset . The ear pieces would not stay on the Jawbone , and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear . I tried washing and drying them thoroughly , but that only helped for an hour or so . I am not sure what the fit problem is , but they turned out to not work for my Jawbone II and me at all .
 They feel better than the jawbone junk but there is no perfect fit even though they give you several different sizes . Then the jawbone bluetooth falls out of most of them.Basically , a waste of money unless you are one of the lucky ones that all fits as you had hoped .
 I bought this based on the reviews that said that these will fit the jawbone 2 bluetooth headset . They did not fit very well and were very loose . I use the small size and they did not fit very well . The medium and large size do not fit my ear canal . Too bad as I need an in-ear bluetooth to hear well . I guess I will have to look for something else .
 produce is not compatable with the jawbone . design does not provide a snug fit to the bluetooth unit . a waste of money
 I have to say these earbuds do fit very snuggly in the ear and great a great feeling . Unfortunately I bought them for the jawbone 2 . After about 3 weeks of using the same earbud on the jawbone , the earbud would not stay on the jawbone . It would constantly slip off the jawbone earphone and would not stay attached.I now use the jawbone without an earbud . It does n't fit as nicely , but it stays in my ear now .
 I ordered the ear gels to go with my Jawbone Bluetooth headset . The problem that I see is that the ear gels are too bulky when combined with the Jawbone .
 I own one of the Jawbone torture devices . I had an old Jabra with the mini ear gels and just for giggles swapped out the hard plastic stock Jawbone things with them . It was an amazing difference . The Minis fit very well and direct the sound into your ear channel . Sometimes they do fall off so you have to be very careful with them.Unfortunately these eargels reviewed here are not them . You want these
 I quess I ordered the wrong ones , did not fit my ear piece well . I 've never been able to find any other pieces for this particular ear piece so I quess I just have to trash it .
 Jabra directed me to these as a replacement for the lost pieces for my Wave . THESE ARE NOT what I need . Meh . Gon na be two more weeks before I get home to return them.I do n't blame the merchant , blame Jabra for directing me to waste weeks buying , waiting for , and returning the wrong stuff . Swedish morons
 For some reason the makers of this item thought it would be wise to make each size ear piece fit a different bluetooth . The small fits my Jawbone , but does not fit my ear . The large fits my ear just fine , but does not fit my Jawbone . Save your money and find a different product .
 I had high hopes for these to make my new Jawbone Era usable.Unfortunately , they are hard to fit , are not as flexible or form fitting as I had hoped and overall could stand to be much improved.Buy them if you have no other choice , but do n't expect much or you 'll be disappointed .
 The specs for this product state that it universally fits all Jawbone headsets . It does not . It does not fit the Jawbone Era .
 I bought this to see if using the gels would help keep my Jawbone in place . None of the gels fit in my ear .
 After ordering these eargels , I spent an enormous amount of time trying to make them fit . It was useless . Unless you have elephant ears , or you wish to grease them and use a hammer to insert them , they wo n't work .
 While Jawbone make a great blue tooth ear bud , it does n't interface with ears well . The Jabra solution does n't work . It does n't hold the ear bud well allowing it to fall off at the most inconvieniant times . It also hurts your ear and is difficult to insert . It 's not the answer , friends .
 I 'm not sure what they * do * work with exactly -LRB- and it 'd be nice if there was some clue in the product description -RRB- , but they do n't fit these headsets.EDITED TO ADD
 These were said to work great with the Jawbone blue tooth headset . They do n't , are almost impossible to put on and do not stay on the headset . I think they are useless for the Jawbone .
 Ordered the EarGels , but they had been exposed to time and heat . They were yellowed and sticky . I threw them away - was n't worth it to return it . Wo n't order from here again .
 I received these and they were defective . Months later , the company has continued to dodge me and still has not processed my refund . Their shipping costs are 6 times what it cost me to return them for no refund . Amazon , where are you to remove CMMA Accessories ? Do n't let their 3 or 4 star overall rating fool you !
 bought to use on jawbone as some have recommended . But did n't work for me .
 i was very excited when I saw the ad . I planned to buy a few of macro lenses , but ... the macro lens works only for the 1/4 inch distance : - -LRB- I can not scan a business card or an article in a newspaper , but only a few charactersI really need a macro lens but for a few inches distance
 Unfortunately I had to return the Blue Ant because I could n't charge it without the cycle turning itself off . The size & fit were good ; it just would n't take a charge .
 the charger did work that is the only positive after one day the top broke off charger and the wires are exposed . I guess you get what you pay for ... . low grade merchandise
 I bought 2 of these and a RAZR battery from EFORCE CITY throught AMAZON assuming that Amazon would enforce some truth in advertising . Clearly all 3 products are china knockoffs according to the counterfit guide that one finds on other motorola product pages , but conveniently left off this one . I wrote eforce to compalin -LRB- dont bother calling ! -RRB- and they insisted that all of their products came straight from Motorola!The chargers work fine , so for the price , I got what I paid for . The battery however -LRB- also clearly a knockoff -RRB- held less of a charge than the one it was replacing . I asked for a replacement -LRB- OEM as advertised this time Please ! -RRB- and another knockoff was sent . Im disappointed in AMAZON for this . I was told to return anything I was unhappy with . Ill lose out on shipping both ways.one star because it worked , and they lied.Motorola Counterfeit Identification Guidebook
 This is NOT a real Motorola product , the M logo which is supposed to be illuminated from behind is not , there is a little blue LED below the logo - not even close to the real thing . Naturally I am leary of using this to charge my new MOTORIZR Z6tv -LRB- Verizon -RRB- as I do n't want to toast my battery - I tried it on my old Razor phone as a guiny pig and it seemed to work -LRB- no smoke came out of it -RRB- but i wo n't use it on my new phone unless I have some kind of emergency and have to . Bottom line -LRB- as always -RRB- *** YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ***
 According to the Motorola guide , the charger I received is a counterfit
 I bought this to recharge my phone , garmin , etc. . It looks like the authentic Motorola recharger , but it wo n't recharge anything . Sure , it keeps the device working , almost , your device will run out of power eventually on this recharger , but slowly . However , I figured it would recharge the Garmin , etc , during use like my other rechargers did . I thought perhaps the LED light was using up too much power . I dismantled the thing after a great deal of effort and injury , and knocked out the light . It will now charge my Garmin very well . I do n't recommend this product .
 I bought this charger for only a couple of bucks and it works like a charm . I do n't expect it last forever so i purchased a couple of back-ups just in case . Each one of these Adapters failed after a couple months use , even light use . I would skip this one and seek another way to charge such as an using an inverter and home plug in charger . This year I switched to an iPhone .
 This product did not last two months . I brought it for emergencies and when I needed it , it was n't working .
 It works . That 's the best I can say about it . The outer insulating cover has started to wear off in many places , exposing wire after only a month . My phone is telling me that I am using an unauthorized charger . So no , this was not a good purchase , and I do not trust the source .
 This item arrived as advertised . We plugged the charger into our car and it did not work ; no light , no charging . We thought it might be the port in the car . Tried others in the same car ; it still did not work . We tried the charger in another car with the same results . We did not send the unit back due to the price we paid plus the shipping . I guess you do get what you pay for .
 I have been looking for this adapter for some time now and found it at Amazon.com . The price is great , arrived before schedule , in new condition but did not work in my car . Everything fit properly but it would not charge my phone - I did not notice an illuminated LED which would indicate power input . In all fairness , my cigarette lighter may be on the brink and therefore not transferring current/voltage ; I doubt it though . I had already thrown away the packaging so I could n't return it so now I 'm stuck with it.Maybe once I insert it into another vehicle , it may work . For now , this is it .
 Fits ok . Stretches on easily -LRB- does not snap -RRB- . No cut outs for any of the buttons on the middle of the phone -LRB- Palm Treo 755p -RRB- Ca n't see the power , green , five way , or the menu buttons . You either have to remember where they are , or use a fine blade to cut out the holes . Matte black . Will offer some protection against scratches . It does fit the qwerty keyboard nicely , no obstruction of any of these keys . Also no obstruction of the camera lens . Ca n't open the card slot-cut out too small . OK for now , but will keep looking for one that fits correctly .
 This case offers very little protection , and most of the phone is exposed . Not worth it ...
 Received case well packaged and fast shipping ! The case itself form fits phone fine , but does not snap well together . The first time I tried one of the top tabs broke . So for temporary purposes until I get a new case I used a dab of Gorilla glue to hold the upper two halves together . Obviously if I have to reset the phone this will be the end of the case . Only 3 bucks , but I would put that money towards a soft silicone case .
 I was disappointed in this case . It is , to me , a thin , cheap case . I would not have bought it if I had seen and felt it before .
 This case does provide some protection for my Palm , but it does n't close well or stay closed ... I 've ended up using it with a rubberband around it .
 Not the greatest produce . I have used the product for about 3 weeks and just recently took it off . The cover fits nicely except for the holes on the side which I had to cut bigger . It attracts lots of lint from your pockets . I just have n't really been pleased with it . But for as cheap that it was , I should n't really complain .
 I bought this item to use with my LG Env . I thought it would have been a lot better since it was a motorla but I was way wrong . EVERY CALL HAS A HOWL !!! I have tried it on 5 different phones including 2 Env 's , 1 Env2 , 1 voyager and a blackberry . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS .
 very loose fit on the ear and hard to reconnect if you go out of range
 This Bluetooth does not work that well . It seems to understand my commands only part of the time . I will opt to buy a more expensive one with noise reduction too .
 I would not buy this product or reccomend it . It is designed poorly and the different attachements do n't stay on the charger . Disapointed withmoney spent
 The device worked wonderfully when it worked . Unfortunately for myself , it died after only two weeks of light use . Your mileage may vary .
 Pros : Pairing was easy . The thing does work , and is usable as an entry-level Bluetooth headset . Loved the mechanism by which it fits in your ear ; that 's very comfortable and secure at the same time.Cons : You pretty much get what you pay for . It looks nice , but it feels flimsy . When you plug the charger in , it feels like it does n't fit , or you 're putting it in wrong . That is n't a big problem , but it feels like a symptom of a cheaply made product.The performance of the AX2 I received was such that I thought it was defective and I sent it back for an exchange . It seemed like the connection between the headset and the phone was almost always plagued with bad static , the connection was dropped quite often , and people I spoke to while using the headset often complained that they could barely hear me.However , the replacement unit Amazon sent me -LRB- kudos to their return process and customer service , by the way -RRB- behaved exactly the same way , which tells me that this is just how this model is.In the end , I returned it and bought the just-released Plantronics Discovery 665 , with AudioIQ -LRB- Amazon sells this , too , but I bought mine from Sprint -RRB- . The difference is night and day . Of course , the Plantronics also costs several times as much , so it had darn well better perform.Overall , I 'd say the AX2 is an okay deal if you buy it at Amazon 's discounted price -LRB- do not go pay retail for this thing , it is n't nearly worth it and there are dozens of better models at the same price point -RRB- , and you 're only a casual user of the thing . I mean , for the most part it * does * work - just not particularly well .
 I had this headset for about three weeks before returning it due to frustration . It was electrically defective , so I wo n't touch on that , but the ergonomics left much to be desired.It 's billed as being good for people with glasses due to the little rubber thing that ingeniously tucks inside the curves of your ear . Unfortunately , it was uncomfortable for me , no matter how I trimmed the plastic . It may be comfortable for others , but it is worth noting that I could n't get it to feel right even after patiently adjusting it for a couple weeks.Another problem is that it is tough to know whether the piece is set correctly in the ear . If it is , the audio is nice and loud . If it is n't , the sound is barely audible . A device that goes in the ear canal is a double-edged sword in this way . I 'd put it on and fiddle with the volume buttons and adjusted them using the beeps produced , but when I answered a call , the headset may have shifted slightly , and the headset required more adjustment.The power button is on the front of the unit and sticks out . On top of that , the button requires very little pressure to activate . This makes it very easy to accidentally turn on if you put it in your pocket . This would be fixed if they designed the button `` countersunk '' into the unit.I think the idea for securing a headset in this way is good , and I really wanted to like it , but I just could n't .
 Hard to fit in ear ... !!! Echo Problem ... Very unsatisfactory
 Had to return this one . It echos back to the the called party . My hearing is n't the best and I needed to run the volume all the way up . If I held it pushed in hard the echo goes away . The manual says to turn the volume down to eliminate echo . Great , but , then I ca n't hear . Ordering a model with the mike further away from the speaker .
 When I first got my Bluetooth device I was very happy because it is compact and very useful when driving.After a month I started getting a lot of static and even thought I had my cel on my belt .
 After reading the reviews on here in December -LRB- there were only about 15-20 at that time -RRB- , I decided that even though this probably would n't be the best Bluetooth Headset on the market , it might be the best for the price . It had mostly good reviews at that time.So I bought it . I was so excited ! I loved that it did n't have the over-the-ear thing 'cause I hate those things ! Well , it seemed good at first - great functions , loved the way it fit with the rubber tail , extremely light ... . BUT then I actually started using it - Once I made some adjustments to the rubber ear plug , I could hear people on the other end just fine , but the problem is that they always seemed to complain of getting bad feedback or me sounding like I was in a tunnel . So I always end up taking it off Bluetooth and just using the phone after about 5 minutes 'cause my friends ca n't stand it.Oh well . I guess the moral to this lesson is this ... Bluetooth is still a fairly new technology with a lot of room for improvement , and at this point the only way to get a really great Bluetooth headset is to pay the big bucks -LRB- $ 75 + -RRB- for one with the latest greatest best technology . If you 're like me and you ca n't afford to do that , then you 're probalby best off waiting until the technology improves and prices come down , because , yeah , I got this headset at a great price , but since it 's worthless , I 'd have been better off spending that money on something I could actually use -LRB- like groceries - hehe -RRB- .
 First of all the way it fits in your ear is very badly designed . The small rubber piece that looks like a tail is always poping out of your ear making the headset fall out.Sound quality and range are also inferior quality . I returned the headset for a refund the first week I had it . I now have the Plantronics Voyager 510 , it is the best bluetooth headset I have ever owned .
 I have purchased several bluetooth headsets in my attempt to obtain a good quality sound . I purchased the Nextlink AX2 with the hopes of solving my search . I was not impressed . It was loud enough -LRB- as they stated -RRB- , but with the volume turned up it created an echo for the recipient of the call . It is a ROYAL pain trying to get the thing in your ear while driving . Once in , it was fine . I hung up on several calls while attempting to secure it in my ear.I have put the whole thing back in the package and will try to return -LRB- though for the $ 30 less shipping both ways -RRB- it probably is n't worth my time.I have gone to the expensive H700 MotorolaAs they say - `` you get what you pay for ''
 Poor sound quality when paired with T-Mobile MDA / T-Mobile SDA .
 the earpiece is a waste of money , gave it as a christmas gift , but should n't have . It 's a toy , very low volume , you can not hear and can not be heard !!! Could not return it because I lost the receipt ... Total Waste !!
 I had this headset for 3 days . Dropped it from waist level and now it does n't work . I could have gotten better use out of $ 30 by purchasing a fairly decent bottle of wine ... it would be gone too , but I would have had more enjoyment out of it . This unit is very small , and getting it into the ear is awkward , and is impossible to do without pressing one of the volume up/down buttons , which means you will have to re-adjust . If you have larger hands , like I do , it is a little odd to handle ... hence , the greater possibility of it being dropped . The sound was mediocre at best , and everyone I spoke to -LRB- in the short 3 days that it did work -RRB- said there was an echo on their end . Not recommended . Move on to another .
 Nice and samll but battery died on this replacment headset after 1 month , the first one died after 3 months . The replacment battery is more expensive then the headset inself but I ordered it anyway , the battery was non functioning and now I have 2 junk headsets and one junk battery !!!
 I bought the silver version and this product is junk . It is cheaply constructed and broke the instant I attempted to place my palm TX in it . The cheap plastic slide piece that attaches the PDA to the case would break in a stiff breeze . The neoprene lining lifts off in humid weather or whenever it feels like it . The memory card slots are a joke and the shoddy belt clip is the punch line . Without a doubt , the worst online purchase I have ever made .
 My TX fit well and is well protected , but-The slide-groove holder is made of grossly inadequate thin brittle plastic and it broke off right away , so the TX may fall out.andThe hinge-pin starts to work its way out and I have to push it back in every few days
 Bought two of these and it always breaks in the same place after several months of use , if not sooner . Other reviewers have had the same experience . The problem lies with the plastic slide where you attach your Palm . It is flimsy and not detailed properly re . interface with the metal case itself . It invariably breaks after several openings/closings , if not before . I had a Rhino case before on another Palm and it looks as if I will have to try that or a leather one again .
 Looks great and very sturdy , unfortunately is not very easy to pry open . If you need to open it constantly during the day , not a smooth process .
 Okay so I guess I did n't read the 1 or 2 reviews that said the case does n't close shut.It clicks shut then flips open . Anyway I will return what is essentially a pointless product now . Very disappointed.Seems the build quality is inconsistent as most reviews said it shut fine but 1 or 2 did report this problem
 Their DEFECTIVE product caused my palm tx to BREAK ! I used the armor case and the belt clip that came with it the very day I got the package . My palm fell on the ground ! Turns out the screw at the back of the armor case which was attatched to the belt clip was loose . Now my palm is broken . I emailed boxwave and this is the reply I got
 I wish I could give this 0 stars . I got this for my Palm TX , but as another reviewer experienced , the damn case would n't close !! The screw on the back does n't seem very stable either . I just sent BoxWave an email complaining about this and demanding all of my money back , including shipping charges . What a crappy product . I think I 'm going to try the Rhinoskin one instead .
 Protection was my intention but I ended up carrying a brick in my pocket ! It was easier to just carry the Palm TX without the cover . This was more of obstacle than protection .
 I bought the silver version of this case and was very disapointed . The belt clip is of such cheap construction that the case would easily fall off my belt . On the bright side , it protected my Palm from breaking , but I would have preferred it not to fall in the first place . The case also had a tendency to flip open while on my belt , causing the whole thing to pivot on its flimsy clip . I do n't recommend this product .
 I just got the newest version of the Palm TX -- and I 'm not sure if they 've changed the dimensions or anything -- but this case does not close when I put my Palm TX in it . That 's right , it does n't work with the new TX . There is a small piece of plastic that is supposed to keep the palm in the case , but this is preventing the case from closing because the palm is too large.FYI . I will probably keep the product and just break off the little piece of plastic . But just so you know , do n't buy this hardcase if you 're getting a NEW Palm TX -LRB- with wi-fi and such -RRB- .
 I recently bought this product for my Palm TX and was equally disappointed as well as annoyed with the cheap belt clip . It is n't apparent in the photos , but there is a screw attached to the back of the case , which makes it impossible to lay flat . This I found extremely annoying . The clip -LRB- which you can take on and off -RRB- is extremely cheap and does n't secure well . It flops and swirls around . Otherwise , the case would be fine . I do not recommend .
 This case is not worth the money . The first problem was with the screw that hold the belt clip would not stay in the case . I glued that in place . Then the clip would not hold onto the case . Then the belt clip broke . The last thing was that slide that holds the Palm in the case broke . I would not recommend this case to anyone and would like to warn anyone that might want to try it . Look elsewhere !!!
 The case looks really nice and seems well made . But I never used it because the case seems backward for my TX . While the TX fits well into it , I ca n't access the stylus or the ports for synching and charging . If I put it in backwards the stylus and ports are accessible but I ca n't see the screen when I open it .
 I 've had this windshield mount for a few months now , and while it works , I ca n't really say that I would recommend it to anyone else.As the other review said , it shakes quite a bit while driving . However , that is bearable compared to the real problem -- the pivot head is just not very sturdy . Hitting the smallest bumps on the road , or even just turning , could cause the pivot head to swivel , leaving your PSP in a slanted position.The pivot head swivels while driving whether or not I have the PSP docked in the windshield mount , so it 's not an issue of weight . I end up having to adjust its position every few minutes , which is not exactly the safest thing to have to do while driving .
 There were somo pieces broken and for sure people who buy this windshield mount is going to put in the windshield of their car , so I ca n't plug a radio freq . thing to it because this mount it 's blocking the jack input . Not a good product at all .
 I bought this one from Radioshack . I could pair the Bluetooth with Nokia 6682 phone , the connection was established only once . After that no connection was established . Nokia customer support informed me that this Bluetooth is not compatible with Nokia 6682 . Tried with other phones , but no connection . I am going to return this .
 Unfortunately I have to buy a new bluetooth headset every couple of months or so because I lose them all the time . This one was no different because I lost it too , a few weeks ago , and replaced it with the Samsung WEP475 Bluetooth Headset which I like much better . Quite honestly , I 've had a few Plantronics headsets in my time and I never really cared for any of them .
 I have never purchased this product before . I think that it would be well worth your paying a little more for a better ear-bud . Only had for a few weeks and it stopped working . Also while it was on it blocked outgoing calls . If the bud was on after I made call , it dropped the call . The company is sending me another one , But next time I will spend a little more and get something different .
 Charger connection to bluetooth is poor . It does not connect well and sometimes looses connection which causes poor charge performance .
 Hey , This product has excellent voice quality , but battery life ... simply sucksssssssssssss ... so be carefull while buying , ... I goona buy new one too . / . .
 Item was thrown in the box without any packaging arrived scuffed up and looking used .
 This battery does n't hold charge for anything . Even my four year old battery that I got with the cell phone STILL holds a charge better than this Piece - O - Crap
 This cord was advertised as fitting an LG2000 phone which it did not .
 This accessory is limited by the microphone dangling near your face . This does not for clear transmission of voice and the complaint of listeners is too much background noise . To make the accessory really work well , you have to cup the microphone in your hand next to your face . In this case , you may as well put the phone next to your face since you are no longer `` hands-free '' . It would be better for Ericsson to create an adapter allowing a true headset with directional microphone that would be in front of your mouth . This would minimize background noise .
 I wish i can have the luck with this free gift collection . .
 Item was sold to fit the iphone ; and its does not fit the iphone - 1st generation iphone
 I was disappointed with this holster . I had a lot of trouble getting my phone in and out of it . I never ended up using it .
 If you only need your clip to last about 3 months then this is for you . Maybe someone who works in an office could wear this clip but it is of no use on a job site . I think the design is poor , being that the working swivel parts are made of plastic , which over time will wear out . I 'm searching for an alternative
 This extended life replacement battery does not last as long as the old battery it replaced .
 Grab a couple of batteries . Mine was a dud after 2 months . It would not charge . Battery seems slightly better than the original . -LRB- While it lasted -RRB-
 This extended life battery is not quite at good as the REAL Moto battery but it will do ! For the price and the limited time I willuse it it will suffice
 I expect the Ultra Extended Lithium-Ion Battery -LRB- 1400mAh -RRB- a better battery than the original one that came with the phone , but it is not.The talk time is only about an hour . Since it is a brand new battery , I would think it will give me better performance . I am disappointed.The postage is too high .
 I needed a battery and thought I would try the bigger extended battery . A waste of time and money . The battery worked great but the replacement cover and the 2nd replacement cover did not come close to fitting . I like the phone , but ended up replacing it . I gave it 2 stars because the battery itself , seemd to be OK . Other wise I would be looking for a minus .
 This battery does not hold a charge to last the whole day . It will last about 1.5 hrs or less of talk where as my oem battery lasted 2 days and held a 3 hrs or more talk time . I keep on having to charge it when I can . I did n't pay much , so I guess I got what I pay for .
 The side ripped within 2 days of use . Pretty useless now .
 I have been a longtime Nokia supporter , and love that they sell simple , easy-to-navigate phones that pick up great reception . However , I returned this phone after one day of use because : - the sound quality was not good
 I bought this phone 2 weeks ago , because I wanted a simple phone that is light , tri-band , and with a decent battery -LRB- up to 2 weeks standby time nowadays is quite reasonable -RRB- . The battery in standby did n't last more than 3 days , and if you turn off the phone to recharge the battery , the screen becomes totally dark
 I 've had this phone since October . I got it because it was so small and adorable . At first I was happy with it ... but once I actually started using it , that all changed . Good news first . . PROS : - Loud volume-Easy to use-Lots of included ringtones . . some are cute , some are a little out there-Voice recorderCONS : - CONSTANTLY drops calls-Recieves text messages HOURS after people send them-VERY small text messages -- 160 characters ... most phones have over 800-The buttons make a very loud clicking noise sometimes so you have to shut off the phone for a few minutes-Bad battery life . . if you send a few messages a day and talk on the phone for a few minutes , you 're gon na have to charge it all night-You ca n't have real music tones-Voice recorder ca n't be your ringtone-Very bad speaker interference . . I have to keep it a few feet away from the computer/tv and anything else with speakersI wish more people would have said bad things about this phone before I bought it ! Stay away from this phone if possible . .
 My review is on Cingular . I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used . THEY LIE . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY . THEY ARE CHARGING ME FOR ACTIVATION even though it never worked in my area . If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service , DO N'T BUY from Cingular . Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse .
 I only needed a basic phone - no MP3 , camera , or FM radio . This phone delivered with great reception , good sound quality , great battery life , and a very small size . Inside a building it works great . Why the low score ? The tinted plastic over the display makes it impossible to see the display outdoors and in the car . If the sun is out , forget it ! I even managed to figure out how to remove all of the wallpaper backgrounds and to maximize the contrast . Still , do n't plan to use this outdoors . Nokia should recall this product to replace the tinted cover . Update
 NOT even an ` entry level ' phone as they would have useful basic functions . Entry level should have a screen you can see in the light and a reliable ringer . Display has no brightness adjust only contrast which is useful for making the screen harder to see not improve . Using any wallpaper but white makes the screen impossible to see/read text even indoors in all but a dark room . Fonts have a setting to enlarge -LRB- Nokia knew the screen was junk -RRB- text but the small display prevents this . Calls have barely audible sound quality to understand the conversation -LRB- not due to signal -RRB- . Buttons are too small for hands larger than medium-sized fingers and do n't always make contact first time . Screen back-light does n't always light when first button is pressed . When backlight is off screensaver time display is impossible to read when activated . Battery time is good most likely due to screen being dimly lit . User settings are all over the place in a unintuitive fashion making personal settings a time consuming chore instead of one menu.I can do w/o camera , web , mp3 , radio etc. but to fail in the basic functions of a cell phone is pretty bad & not acceptable . No wonder they PAY you $ 150.00 to take the phone.NO STARS
 I see this highly rated and do n't understand how that can be , unless screen visibility is of no concern to those reviewers . Look before you buy this one!I 'd never recommend this 2610 because of the single issue that the display is unusable in daylight & barely marginal for inside viewing . It 's a shame because the sound is good . Maybe that 's why AT&T ; gives them away free - hoping to get rid of them .
 This Nokia is about as simple and basic a telephone gets nowadays.You get good sound quality and easy texting in a compact unit.The major drawback is very poor highlighting of menu icon selections.If you have activated many features , this cell will frustrate you.It 's a crapshoot what you actually select . I had to buy 2X magnifying specs in order to utilize menu features.Also , the signal strength and battery power indicators can be very difficult to see - minor points considering AT&T ; functionality -LRB- damnedgood -RRB- and rapid battery charge rate.The vibration indication for incoming calls is very effective , and ringtones can be adjusted easily.In regards to pricing , AT&T ; sometimes will give this cell free for activating two years service . The highest price AT&T ; ever charged for this Nokia is $ 9.99 , in refurb condition.I 've had my Nokia for half a year , and I appreciate it ; it 's not perfect , but it is useful . A phone should be a phone , not a portable entertainment system . Thanks to the magnifier specs , I do n't have to squint at the screen anymore .
 Phone is awful - how is this a $ 149 phone when it was available on prepay for $ 20 with $ 25 free airtime ? They send it to you for ` free '' - lock you into a 2yr contract and then charge you 10x the actual cost of the phone for ETF . Consumer protection needs to come to the telecom `` industry '' and it needs to come soon
 The charger quit charging my Blackberry 8100 after 2 days . The fuse is n't blown because the LED still works . Yes , it was very cheap , but was hoping to get more than 2 days out of it .
 Save your money ! It will be strong at first , but wo n't last anywhere near the original battery power . You 'll be lucky if you get several months out of this thing . I wound up charging it as much as my old one that was dying . It 's smarter and cheaper to just buy a new phone when it 's time to re-new your plan , like I did .
 The car charger does not work unless you hold the phone a certain way , the ear piece lasted about 2 weeks if that ... the on only thing that was worth anything was the case and I could have went to trade day and bought one for $ 5 and it would have been in any color I wanted . So really I paid $ 13 for a case . Maybe I just got a bad batch who knows .
 I 'm writing a review for the first time because I 've never been so dissapointed with a shopping experience . I bought cell phone cases from World of Bags so that I could give them as Christmas gifts . I ordered them on December 5th . It took them until December 19th to confirm that they were being shipped ! It was as if they were waiting for the last minute to ship me my items . -LSB- Amazon has a two week policy for shipment of products . -RSB- Needless to say , I did not get to give them away as Christmas gifts . This is the type of service I got for choosing standard shipping - which was very expensive to send two little cell phone cases -LRB- I ca n't specify how much because they wo n't let me post prices in reviews -RRB- ! They also shipped them seperately . A sign of inefficiecy , indeed . One came in an appropriately sized bubble envelope and the other in a huge box . I 've decided to not return the items because I want to cut my losses now and just never order from them again .
 I would not even give this phone to my 4 year old . My daughter was recently hospitalized out of town , and for convenience sake I had to use my cell phone instead of long distance . I moved around , went outside -LRB- under a clear sky -RRB- and had absolutly horrible reception . The entire time you are on the phone with someone , you expect them to disappear , because his phone is terrible . Pick something else .
 it gets horrible reception except in the most covered area . i live less than a mile from a major shopping center with a tower and i get no reception standing in my front yard . i have to call three or four times before my call goes through because i get `` network busy '' or `` call ended '' signals incessantly . ive had it for less than 6 months and the screen is very loose at the hinge . the buttons lose their spring action quickly and several of the buttons backlighting have already begun to fade.poor signalpoor designpoor qualityminimum of featuresand it cost me $ 180 without signing up for another two years on my contract .
 Both me adn my mom bought this phone about 6 months ago . She 's had her 's replaced once already because the screen woulnd ' t come on . Neither of the phones ever get good reception , with an average of 2 bars , which quickly disapear if the phone is lifted to the ear .
 Where to begin?I 've had the charging problems that others have mentioned . Also , the phone sometimes just turns itself off . Very convenient when you 're expecting an important call . The external LED is n't even mentioned in the user 's manual . It 's there purely for decoration , apparently . The software on the phone is of a generally clunky quality . I can get to the Ringtones shop in one click , but if I miss a call , it 's 3 or 4 clicks to check for the caller 's identity . You can see where Cingular 's priorities are ... The one mitigating factor I 'll mention is that the reception has improved greatly since I installed the new antenna that I was sent by Cingular.Next time , I 'm buying a Nokia or a Samsung .
 I have the LG C1300 . . the design is good but it is too small , and that idle light i hate . . the ringtone quality is real tones & mulitimedia is ok and text is the very best . . it can handle text better than anyother phone that i have had . the battery when i talk on my phone in an average weekend it lasts me the whole weekend and i stay on the phone for a total of 42 hours in the eqlivent of text and net and that sort . . and the call quality is not really that all awesome some days i can call out and sometimes i cant cause the phone is weird and in a 5 bar place i cant call out sometimes and it has been doing that too me since i got the phone . . and my quote `` ALL-in-ALL '' opinon is be careful when you choose that phone there a more downs than there is ups with that phone . so i would like to say that i warn you not to get that phone . .
 I just got this phone last week from Cingular . I got it for $ 29.99 which I thought was a good price . I do n't care much for Cingular . I am an old AT&T customer . I do n't always get my messages on it . I have tried to register it with AOL mobile and I still have not gotten my confrim message yet . I do n't like the side buttons I am always hitting them . Otherwise I like it so far .
 First , I hope no one reading these reviews is considering actually paying for this thing . I think that you should n't even take it for free , for two reasons
 Keys not designed for adult human use ... volume buttons on side where a person usually holds the phone will set off rings/noises usually at an awkward time.LG also knows there is a problem with the antenna on most of these phones . They started replacing the stock antenna with a better -LRB- `` red '' -RRB- antenna , but they did n't get to a lot of them , especially the `` free '' ones they give you at Cingular.You have to call `` Warranty Service '' to get the new `` red '' antenna to get service without mega cutoffs . -- If you live in an apartment ; DO N'T EVEN CONSIDER THIS PHONE ! -- And good luck on a speedy finding of where the earphone/mike handless plug is . .
 Do not get this phone . I got it for free and it was cool at first but after a few days I got * dissapointed * . Sometimes when I dialed a number and hit the talk button , I put the phone to my ear and waited . Then I looked at the screen and the * useless * thing had gone to the main menu . Also the volume is * really * bad . You have to push the speaker into your ear really hard to hear somone on the other end.WARNING
 I only owned the phone for about two weeks and it was already acting up . First , the hinges became kind of squeaky and just felt horrible to hold the phone . Then , the battery would n't even charge . I plugged it into the charger and it looked like it was charging but when I pulled it out , it was still at one bar . And it went down to one bar overnight . . after I had charged it until it was supposedly full . It appears that other people had this problem as I saw people returning the same phone because of these issues.So I highly do n't recommend it .
 I have owned this phone about a month and I 've had to take it back to the store 2 times already . The first time the phone `` pretended '' like it was charging but remained only @ 1 bar after charging for 12 + hrs . The second time the phone would drop my calls after about 3sec . of talking . The phone is very small and cute and the ringtones sound really good , but that 's about the only thing redeemable about the phone .
 I have had this phone for about 5 months now and its had problems since the beginning within one day of having it the hindges started to sqeak on and off . About a month ago i could make absoutly no calls because their was a signal problem . and just a couple of days ago my volume got screwed up and now it ca n't go past level 3 , which is VERY hard to hear . Another thing about this phone is the ringer it can not be turned off ascending so you cant hear the ringtone untill about 20sec later . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE
 This phone is consistent with the quality of phones I 've received from Cingular . It 's A PIECE OF CRAP ! I too , get no reception in my own house , and it holds a call like greased hands hold a greased ball of grease that was soaked with grease with a grease soaker . It is the worst of the worst . The speaker is crap , of you shift it at all from your EAR HOLE ... sorry for the technical lingo ... but if you do that , you wo n't hear anything . It wo n't charge unless the phone is turned off , and the battery lasts for about two hours of talk time , and about a day of powered on time . The most irritating part is the battery , but the dropped calls is a close second . I swear you can have five bars , but as soon as you push the call button , it will drop to two ... DO NOT CHEAP OUT AND GET THIS PHONE ! UPGRADE !
 I am actually on my second phone because the other just stopped working . Sometimes it would not allow me to touch certain keys , so I sent it back to Cingular . I thought the problem would be resolved after I got a new phone , but I was wrong . Now sometimes when I go to use the phone I will try to dial out and it will say EMERGANCY ONLY and all bars are full for reception . Another thing it does is go off on it 's own . It also takes a long time to read the sim card when turned on about a minute . Another issue is the ring tones are verylow on sound so I hardly ever hear it ring unless on vibrate and it 's in my pocket . Sometimes to phone will alert me of a voice mail message but no list of missed call . Or it will ring a half hour later informing me of a message received when I have another call . I hate this phone so much . Sometimes when it does not allow me to call out I will open up the battery back and reinsert the sim card then it all of a sudden works or I will hit it against my hand and it will work . This Phone is a curse do not get it . My coworker has this phone and she has the same problems . I ca n't believe I paid $ 129 . on this dam phone .
 I renewed my 2 year wireless contract for the 2nd time last week and had decided to upgrade my phone . I 've had 2 previous Nokia phones free with my plan . I really liked Nokia 's performance , but my phone provider does not offer any with a flip phone style . Because I 'm on the road a lot , being able to put a smaller phone into my pocket , briefcase , of handbag without dealing with locking and unlocking the keypad each time I used it is a real convience . I also wanted to get a stroner signal than I was able to get with he Nokia . I use a company provided Moterola Flip Phone that is newer than my Nokia and get a really great signal with it . I paid $ 50 for the LG C1300 phone . I was assured by the salesperson that the LG brand , although new , was in their experience performing well . This phone has only a fraction of the features my 2 year older model Nokia had , the signal is worse than any I 've ever had and the phone is not very user friendly . Now unless I pay full price wo n't be able to upgrade again for 2 years and am stuck with junk . BUYER BE WARE ! DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE !
 The external light does n't serve any purpose , exept maybe to dupe people into thinking that this phone has external caller ID or an external clock . The antenna sucks too . Get a Motorola or a Samsung .
 i have this phone , but in the prepaid version . It is the cingular GO PHONE . I have some likes and even more dislikes of this phone . In prepaid version , it only has one game , spaceball . Which is just SNAKE with a different name . It says you can go on the different types of instant messangers , use the internet , and download different graphics , tones & games . but that is not true . every time i go to use any of them . . it always say GPRS not found . i have no clue waht that means , but i guess prepaid versions were ripped off with the choice of internet and pretty much all fun , if any , with this fone . This fone has good quality ringers , only 1 or 2 good backrounds . HORRIBLE reception . every time i try calling my friends out on my bike or something , i have to jam the fone up to my ear just to hear them . it has vibrate which is good for when im in class , because my parents always tell me to turn off my fone is school , but when you turn it off , if anyone calls , you wont be able to see missed calls if its turned off so i just keep it on.it has . . i think 20 ringtones . theyre ok . it has speed dial . but no voice dial and no voice recorder :-LRB- also no speaker : -LRB- it does have 255 fone book entries available and i think it has like 3 way calling and call waiting so thts ok . so yeh i guess i wood reccommend this fone . . but now let me recap all the things this fone dont have SPEAKERFONE , VOICE DIALING , VOICE RECORDER , INTERNET , RINGTONE , GRAPHIC , GAME AND MULTIMEDIA DOWNLOAD , CAMERA , VIDEO CAMERA , ughh i dont know why i even got this fone but yeah thats all the things it doesnt have so there ya go . and if you want good reception , dont get this fone !!
 I recieved this phone as a bonus from Cingular to upgrade to a family plan . This is by far the worst reception on a cell phone that I 've had in the 10 or so years I 've been using cell phones . I ca n't use it at all inside my house . Even when I 'm driving and I 'm getting a strong signal sometimes I ca n't make out what the other person is saying . I feel like crushing this phone sometimes . I have had people call me 3 or 4 times and I never know about it and than they will get through to me and say that they 've been trying to call me and while we are talking it will notify me that I 've missed 3 calls . Unbelievable !!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 This phone is worthless . I have now had it for 3 years and felt I may as well give my input in case anyone else was considering buying it since I am researching a new phone . Here are my main issues with this phone : - The User Interface is horrid . I am a web developer and usability engineer so I can state that as a fact . The UI on Nokias is 10x better . The fact that I still hate the UI after 3 years should really tell you something . This issue alone is 90 % of the reason I hate this phone . - Dropped calls . Poor reception . Once again nothing like my old Nokias -LRB- which were all free Cingular phones . -RRB- I also have the antenna `` upgrade '' . Made no difference AT ALL . - Side volume controls . I used to always want a phone with convenient volume controls on the side until I got this . If it is in your pocket -LRB- or purse if you are female -RRB- you will find the buttons get hit all the time and will turn your vibrate on and off and make your phone beep . Obviously this problem isnt specific to this phone but it is something to consider in cellphone design.On the plus side , the phone is generally always reliable . The volume is decent . The speaker has held up better over time than my Nokias did -LRB- they had noticable volume degradation over time -RRB- . Also , it was n't until recently until the battery starting having problems holding a decent charge . I got in a solid 2 years of good battery/charger performance . Definately long enough to wait out your contract and get a new phone .
 - I 've had this phone for about one year . I 've hated it since week one.-It 's a bit too small -LRB- which I suppose some might like -RRB- - I get dropped calls all the time -LRB- Cingular -RRB- -LRB- I never had a problem with that on my OLD Nokia -RRB- - the volume can never be turned up enough-the ear piece is worthless-the buttons on the side are a pain because they get pushed and it changes it to silent mode etc.There was a recall on the orginal antenna . I had mine replace with the `` upgrade '' and noticed no difference with reception.Even though I got this phone for free from Cingular I feel like I was ripped off . I spoke with an employee at a Cingular store and he agreed with me that it is a horrible phone . It makes me wonder why Cingular would put thier name on a horrible phone ... oh yeah , they do n't care about thier customers .
 This phone is horrible . I live in the middle of a big city and i dont get reception in my own house . People sound gargled and like their in a tunnel . The mirror on the front get scratched way to easily . I think the only thing cingular was thinking of when the made this phone was the size . it is the worst phone i have ever owned . DONT BUY IT . Its a waste of money . Find a better phone that might be bigger , but at least u will be able to talk on it . :-LRB- I wish i could give it lower than a 1 as a rating . I would give it a -5 .
 This is the worst phone I have ever had . The speaker is terrible . You have to shove it into your ear to hear anything , even after you have turned the volume all the way up . After having it for 3 MONTHS , the screen went blank and I could n't see anything . Luckily , Cingular sent me a new one . However , the battery would only last for about two days with the new one , and I had to buy a new battery . The buttons on the side are a pain because they will get pushed inside your pocket and make the phone beep and go out of silent mode . Very annoying . So , like I said , DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 My fiance and I both purchased one of these phones about a year ago . My screen went completely black about two-three months ago and now his is slowly fading . The phone still works fine , but forget about reviewing missed calls , viewing your phone book , changing your ringtone ... it is pretty much a useless phone . I thought my phone was an accident , but now that his is non-functioning I know it is LG 's fault . Do n't waste your money , you will need to replace it .
 I do n't need my cell phone to take pictures , play music , access the internet , or do my taxes for me . I just want it to work . I just want to be able to hear the person I 'm talking to and function as a phone . That 's it . This phone fails even that basic test . Stay away from it . It will turn your hair gray .
 My wife got this phone to replace her Samsung X427m that was stolen . I suggested she stick with the Samsung but she wanted something different . She got this phone off of Ebay for $ 50 . Even at $ 50 this phone is not worth the money . The phone 's problem is that the reception absolutely sucks ! I am lucky to get 2 bars in my own house using this phone !! Whenever she calls me on my cell or landline phone , the call drops after 5 minutes or so . Its not my cell phone because my SE T637 always has at least 4 bars where ever I go . As a matter of fact , I was just on the phone with her and the call dropped for the 3rd time in 10 minutes . I have been trying to call her back , but the call wo n't go through.This phone reminds me of the nightmares of MetroPCS ' pitiful coverage . But the problem here is not Cingular service , its the phone ! I ca n't believe Cingular would allow their name to be branded on this piece of garbage.LG sucks ! I will never purchase another LG phone again.I will be getting my wife the Samsung X427m which we had no problems with and NO dropped calls!the only good thing about this phone is the bright screen , but what good is that if the phone doesnt work worth a crap to begin with ?? NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL !!
 It 's your basic phone.It calls , it receives , and keeps a phonebook.It has one game , and the basics of calculator , memo , calendar.The graphics/wallpaper is n't that great , but it 's just a cheap phone anyway.It has some cheesy ringtones , rather ridiculous actually seeing as how my friends are always laughing whenever they hear my ringtone.It has a vibrate feature , but you can only use the vibrate feature for two levels
 the battery standby lifetime last only 1 day ! it is practicallyuseless .
 This phone is the worst and most expensive phone I have ever owned -LRB- I got it before it was free -RRB- . It has horrible reception and it drops calls left and right especially in areas of higher density . The clarity of almost all my calls is incredibly bad . It scrathes very easily . Vibrate only works on the loudest ring or no ring -LRB- nothing 's wrong with it , that 's just the way the phone is -RRB- and the ring tones are very hard to hear unless you pick one of the loud annoying ones . It does n't tell me when I have voicemail messages . Voicemail does n't work half the time . There 's no voice recorder or loud speaker . You ca n't see the screen in the sunlight . Speed dial is a pain because you ca n't press the number then the call button , you HAVE to hold the key down , which does n't sound like much , but if you 've had a phone that worked differently , it 's annoying . There 's no snooze on the alarm . The sim card takes forever to load when you turn on the phone . The battery life is so short if you talk a lot -LRB- Four hours talk time -RRB- . I 'm a college student and my phone is my main source of calls and I have to charge this phone almost every day and I have to take the phone charger with me even if I 'm gone just for the weekend . I 'm very unhappy with this phone . I would n't even get an LG again .
 This phone is not worth the money they charge for it . The voice message never worked right . The volume buttons were on the side of the phone so I was always turning it down to where I could n't here it on accident . But the worst part is having a contract with cingular . I had a problem with the voicemail so I called their service number and waited 30 min just to speak to someone and they did n't even fix the problem . And they were charging me minutes to talk to them . My husband is military and we moved to Germany , so we canceled the service before our contract was up . Now Cingular wants the phones , manuals , chargers and box back or they will charge us $ 250 each phone which is outragous . I of course do n't have the box or manual . This phone and cingular are not worth the trouble and expense .
 It 's cute and light-weight . However , I 've only had about 3 phone conversations that were not very choppy or down-right incoherent and dropped . We bought 3 of these for our family and they are almost always unusable . There is an echo in one of them . We have had 4 other phones , mostly Nokias , and they all served us very well . These are going back . Hope you do n't wind up with one . In shopping for a replacement , ALL the sales people say that they are getting a lot of these phones back . They have a horrible reputation . I 'm glad to read that some people are not having problems with theirs , though .
 this phone is horrible , Ive had mine about two weeks it fell once and did not turn back on , and I never got a good signal .
 My review is on Cingular . I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used . THEY LIE . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY . THEY ARE CHARGING ME FOR ACTIVATION even though it never worked in my area . If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service , DO N'T BUY from Cingular . Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse .
 I take great care of my phone , yet this phone has a camaera that no longer takes pictures , it constantly drops calls -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- , it has horrible ringtones -LRB- unless you like really bad elevator music or the sound of very light bells -RRB- . It 's slow to respond to dialing too.I have had this phone for one year .
 I did n't have this phone for 2 weeks when it failed on me twice within 72 hrs ! I 'm so disappointed as it 's a sharp-looking phone with nice features and good sound clarity . But the display froze and could only be restored to service by removingthe battery . I returned it to Cingular as I ca n't deal with such unreliable performance .
 this phone has great features only if you are not interested in hearing who you are talking to and do n't want them to hear you clearly . the volume goes up to a level 5 and i need at least 2 more volume levels to hear most people . i 'm 25 and not hard of hearing so you can see how this would be a problem . when i 'm on the phone i have this weird look on my face b/c i 'm trying to decipher what people are saying to me . do not get this phone unless you also want to purchase a whisper 2000 to go along with it .
 I wanted to like this case ; it feels like it should be sturdier than the OEM case , and it definitely looks more professional -LRB- though I 'm not convinced that it 's really leather -RRB- . It is tight out of the box ; the sock trick works well . The latch has a couple of big metal chunks that will probably wear through the liner and destroy your screen unless you get in the habit of turning the phone around -LRB- so it 's less convenient to pull it out and use it -RRB- . And mine broke after about 6 weeks of fairly lightweght use ; the belt clip button detached itself from the case . It looks like the only thing holding it together was a little oval of double-stick tape.OK , what do you expect for eight bucks ?
 Overall I liked the case , but as two people previous to myself pointed out the belt clip falls out too easily . Within two weeks of purchase the soft leather that was supposed to hold the plastic tab in place had stretched to the point where it was freely rotating . After less then two months , it plastic tab falls out entirely , dropping the phone to the ground at inconvenient moments.It looks like I 'll be looking for another case again .
 The phone description says it is a quad band phone , but the one I received was tri-band -LRB- 900/1800/1900 -RRB- . This international version does not work everywhere I need it to work . I have AT&T service -LRB- 3G -RRB- and it works in NYC , where I work , but it did not work in upstate NY . The network in upstate NY switches from 3G to EDGE . If it had 850 band , it would have worked . The phone itself is a decent phone , but if does n't work , it does n't matter . Amazon 's description is not accurate , so if you need a quad band phone beware of this phone . You might be better off getting a US version instead .
 The keyboard , and the default language is chinese . After spending a long time , I was able to find out how to change the language to English . But still it would store `` names '' in the address book in Chinese language only . They should have warned the customers about this issue . Will try to return the phone !
 I ordered this product to replace a phone my daughter broke . . when it arrived it was blue . . which I needed a phone so I did n't care . . and then I turned it on and found that is a Motorola China . . which could not be activated where I live . . and was programed to work in chinese . so I had to send it back . . I paid 12 dollars to send it back and J&R -LRB- the comapany in NY where the phone was shipped from -RRB- would not give me a full refund . . and then it is only a store credit . . in which , I would never buy anything from there again to start with . very very dissatisfied
 I purchased this phone as a replacement for my slvr L2 . it has better features ... camera , new sleek look , added software . i fully charged it . inserted my sim card , and everything was working fine until i tried to place a call . I found i could place calls but shortly after connecting it would drop the call . so after contacting tech support they said i needed to get a new sim card and it might fix the problem . so i drive 15 mins down the road and get a new sim card just to find out that it doesnt change anything , still having dropped calls . in the end ATT said that it was the phone and it was most likley due to the fact that it was unlocked . ill never buy a unlocked phone again . as far as the phone itsself it worked fine , however im happy that i already had a motorola charger because the one that was sent in the box with the phone was european . i ended up sending it back to mobilecity and only getting a fraction of what i paid for it , due to the dumb restocking fee . so to cut this short , make sure your service provider supports unlocked phones before purchasing !!
 The phone I received turned out to be a China Mobile one with all connections to Chnese provider and Chinese-type keyboard layout ! I feel I should have been warned it is the model for CHinese market !
 This phone is super-locked , means can be used with only active sim card . I purchased this phone as standby and for travel purpose . You can not used camera or fm radio without active sim card . I have several locked old phone , both gsm and cdma . I can use camera , music player , fm etc without any sim card or active service . I tried installing my old inactive sim card , but this phone is not accepting it . And without active sim card it will not turn on . I can get better and free phone with service .
 I think this is a great phone . It 's pretty neat . But it is very much a `` made in China '' phone , m so the quality seems a little poor . But the only that I could n't stand was the poor reception it has . Sometimes , it goes into `` emergency call '' only mode because it ca n't pickup my provider -LRB- AT&T -RRB- which I usually have great signal in my area .
 This already adds bulk to a heavy pda , but if you want to protect it this is the way to go .
 I bought two of these at Christmas time . The idea is great and thought they would be good in the cars . The first problem was that none of the tips would fit my Motorola C261 phone . Then I tried it on a Nokia 2600 . Although there was a tip that fit perfectly , when I tried to charge the phone the phone screen said STOP and had a little stop sign on it . So I assume the volts were not correct . The flash lite has two setting and worked great . Returned the items as did not work for me .
 I got one of these to power my cell phone , I have an LG VX-9800 , a Treo 700WX and a Samsung a950 and you think with all the tips supplied that I would be able to use it with one of the phones but no . I tried to give it to my daughter and it did n't fit her phone either . I never found anyone with a phone it fit to give it to.I just use it as a wind up flashlight now . If anyone finds a source of compatible tips for other model phones that work with this , I would like to know .
 it does protect your phone but it started cracking after only having it for two weeks so if you plan on it being used every day plan on replacing it soon .
 when i first received this case i was impressed with how clear it was and how sleek . it did not take any beauty away from the phone itself . however , the clip is way too big and bulky - an inch thick and does not hold well at all . for being so big , one would think it would have to be strong as well , but that is not the case with this clip . the second day i had the case , it cracked in the center where the thin piece of plastic is located between the screen and trackball - and this happened from me putting my pearl in my center console on its side . then , a couple of days later it cracked again and then the middle piece broke off alltogether . the case protected the phone , since the phone did not get damaged or scratched , but the case itself needs a protector to keep it intact . so , the one star is for the good looking nature of this case but not the protection or lack thereof .
 hard to get on , makes the keys hard to push , but it does what it 's supposed to , protect my pearl : -RRB-
 After I ordered I received a case that was scratched with a piece snapped off . It looked used . Unfortunately since the piece was snapped the case was unusable.I called the company and they told me they never sent used stuff but would send me a replacement at no charge.The replacement did n't fit the phone ... -LRB- but just barely -- it was the right shape and almost the right size -RRB- after 25 minutes of attempting to get the case to fit , I got it on . Then I realized I 'd left all these finger prints on the phone trying to get the case on . I wanted to take off the case and clean it but it would not come off.Finally I got it off and it snapped in the process ... I tried repairing with superglue but that made part of the case opaque . Ultimately I threw the whole thing in the trash can.This case is a waste of your money . I strongly advise against buying it .
 Received it in good time , but it did not fit properly and broke the first week .
 This was a nice case at first . It looks nice and protects what it covers . After two weeks the case broke where it clips together , as if the phone was too big for the case . It 's the right model for it and everything . I noticed under the case started to slightly scratch the phone as well . I was disapointed but then again , it was n't an expensive loss . I 'm now looking for a better case .
 this cover is so weak , and it will break after a week or so.I read similar reviews but I did n't believe them , now I know its true .
 It was ok for the first month but after , the clips that attach the two pieces together start to break . It is really annoying as you need to take it off to clean the phone and it seems every time I do a piece comes off . You get what you pay for . If you are looking for something that will last for longer than a month I would suggest looking elsewhere .
 This was a waste of a few dollars . I literally threw it away within a minute of opening the package and looking at it .
 none of the cut outs for the buttons on the case match up for use with the verizon 8130 i was hoping since so cheap but did not work for me .
 The wheel that secures the phone to the belt clip is large and spiked making it nearly impossible to put the phone in your pocket . You must always use the belt clip to avoid having the spikes exposed . Do n't like it .
 The case for this model looks great in the picture , but mine was scratched and looked bad after putting it on my phone . I originally wanted to preserve the stylish black of my new pearl , but this case did not do that for me . The clip on the back also broke after a few weeks time . Also , dust will definitely get between the clip and your phone if keep it in your pocket.EforceCity offered to replace the product or provide me a refund if I changed the review , but this product was only a few bucks so I 'd rather post an honest review of the product and deal with the faults of this product.This thing is still on my phone after 4 months , but only because I am prone to dropping it when I go out.Spend money on a better case or a scratch resistant clear adhesive for the display of your phone -LRB- which I also purchased -RRB- .
 You get what you pay for . This product looks fine , but the belt clip is so wide and bulky that it causes the phone to flop around . Not a practical belt clip , but fine if you just want to use the cover alone .
 this case looks nice and feels tough but it does not fit on the phone . the buttons do not match up on it and it presses the camera button down constantly . poor design . very disappointed .
 I paid extra to have the battery expedited to me , because I was leaving the country . Now I am overseas , and my battery is somewhere else . It was also sent to an address that I lived at in 2005 , even though I changed that address in Amazon , and got a confirmation that it was changed .
 I was incredibly disappointed when I got a message a few days after I made and paid for my order that said `` we do n't have this item in stock . It could take up to two weeks . If after two weeks we do n't ship your order , then may can opt to cancel it . '' Those are n't the exact words , but it was something to that effect . Also , I had already paid for priority shipping , which I did not receive and did not get reimbursed for . This was one of the three items on my ticket . The other items were not important and shipped fairly fast . The BlackBerry battery that I ordered on a priority basis , was critically important , and did n't arrive for about two weeks . While Amazon has been good to me over the years , this was a frustrating and disappointing experience .
 I ordered a battery for a blackberry on October 30th . It didnt arrive by the estimated delivery time , so I emailed , and they asked me to wait until the following Monday . So I did , and still no battery ! So I emailed again , and all they told me was that they have no control over the USPS , and would send me a new one . So now , I have to wait another 2.5 weeks to maybe not receive a battery again!Since I received the battery from the seller , I have had email after email demanding I remove this negative feedback from their site . I am NOT going to do this . They have badgered me over and over to remove it or , and I quote , `` We 've only just begun Steve . If you refuse to act with even a shred of decency or honor , I will make sure you regret it . Remove the negative tonight . '' This is the very email I received from SellPhoneStop customer service last night . I could be wrong , but why in the world would I remove my honest opinion if I believe I was given poor customer service ?? Obviously , they are beginning to threaten me for my opinion . They really DO NOT care about their customers !! I will never , EVER , order from this company again , and I hope anyone who reads this , wo n't order from then either .
 I purchased 2 of these . First of all , the product image is wrong , because the image on Amazon clearly shows the BlackBerry logo , and the batteries I got are unmarked and with no logo or mention of the word BlackBerry.I could have gotten over that if the battery actually worked ... The batteries are refurbished , and not new . -LRB- They were not sealed in plastic . -RRB- I put in the first battery , turned off my phone , and charged it overnight . The next day I unplugged it and carried the phone around as usual . By night -LRB- about 14 hours later -RRB- , the battery was dead . Note that I did not make a single phone call that day . The phone was on Standby , and it died in 14 hours ! My old battery was almost as good!Anyway , I bought two of them , as I said . The second one seems to be holding its charge somewhat , but I can see that the battery life indicator is already down to 75 % after 10 hours of ZERO usage -LRB- all on standby -RRB- . As far as I 'm concerned , I was cheated into thinking the following -LRB- neither of which are true -RRB- :1 - I was buying an original BlackBerry product -LRB- Note
 The battery I purchased does not hold the charge and shows obvious signs of wear on its outside wrapping . It is clear that this is not a new product . I am returning this item and requesting a refund . Unfortunately , I am stuck with paying the postage . I do not recommend that you use the vendor I used when getting this product .
 I ca n't charge the cell phone battery . I even took it to Sprint , to see if they could charge it . Nothing happen . I was told that the machine could not identify the battery . What a dispointment .
 I bought a new battery but it is behaving like a used battery . The battery live does not last more than 2 days when not in use .
 received battery and gave it a full charge as if new . The charge only lasted for about 4-6 hours . Contacted amazon and they sent another one . The new one only lasted for about a few hours longer . Was n't very happy with the product but the phone was only temporary . Definitely not a good battery for the long term .
 I placed an order for 4 Blackberry 8800 series battery . Of the 4 , 3 were defective -LRB- middle bowed -RRB- . Contacted customer service , was told to toss the old and 3 replacements would be sent . Following day got an email with a credit , no explanation . This was the total opposite of what was told to me the day before . Very disaapointed witht the service and process .
 The battery came and it was obviously not a new battery as advertised . If I paid more than a few bucks - I would send it back .
 The battery did not work at all . It had a slight bubble hump on the pack . It was unfortunate because I needed it before a trip I was taking . However , I was able to get another one from the third party that sent it and then returned the bad one back a day before I had to leave .
 I bought this product as a new item.It is obviously not new , it was actually in much worse shape the my original battery that is over a year old ... However , it charges ok and I have n't had any problems with the battery holding a decent charge level.I am not dissatisfied enough to return the battery , but I paid for a `` New '' Item and was given one that has seen extensive use , the contacts had visible wear , the green covering on the battery was ripped , the battery had scratches acrossed the surface like it had been thrown in a box with metal objects and sat there for a while ...
 I am not sure if I missed something but I may have been given a used battery . Initially the battery life had a good 2 days of normal usage but yesterday I took my phone off the charger around 5 pm and this morning when I woke up at 6 am it was almost dead . I made one short call and had a few text messages so I am not sure why now after a week and a half of using it that it wont last a full day .
 I specifically clicked on the `` new '' battery to purchase . I received the 1st battery and it was dead . Called the company without hesitation they said they would send out another . Waited another 5 days and when the next battery came in it was dead as well ! I then thought it must have been the phone - I bought a new phone and took that new battery to test in my old phone . You guessed it - Worked fine ! So because these guys sent out 2 bad batteries I ended up buying a new phone . Now I have 2 good phones and 1 good battery . I would recommend NOT buying a battery from this company .
 Given the variance in reviews , at best , I 'd say this is an unreliable product . -LRB- I saw the mixed reviews before ordering , but figured `` they could n't be that bad . '' -RRB- First of all , the battery was NOT a BB battery -- not as pictured nor made in Japan -LRB- it was plain silver and made in China -RRB- . The battery I received would n't hold a charge for more than a couple of hours . I sent an e-mail complaint ; was told that sometimes a given battery wo n't be up to snuff ; and they would exchange . The second battery lasted a little longer but not even 24 hours . I gave up . I had made a bad bet . I just did n't want to bother with them any more . I used it for a couple of months -- having to charge it once or twice a day . It declined steadily and finally flat-lined this week . Ironically , I 'm now using my old battery which seems brilliant compared to my recent experiences.Maybe you 'll get lucky , but the odds are against you .
 A few other reviewers tried to warn me the same way but I went for it anyway . Contrary to the listing as a NEW battery , this was a used battery that performed the same as the 2 year old battery that came with my Blackberry 8830 World Edition . After 2 years , it holds a charge for about 1 day.Save your money and the hassles . Then go to a chain or big box store and hand over the cash for a -LRB- real -RRB- new battery .
 When I bought my blackberry , my battery lasted for 2 days of intensive use . It went like that for a full year and then in a matter of a week or two my battery life halved , I could only get a day out of it of not so quite an intensive use . I was delighted to see that Amazon offered a new battery at what seemed a very attractive price , in comparison with what a cell store would charge . However , after using this battery that I purchased from amazon I get the same sort of medium sized day that I get with my old battery . This leads me to conclude that the vendor is recycling used batteries as new ones . It is cheap , but it is not new . If you do n't have a battery at all get it . If you want to replace your old battery pay the $ 40 at a cell store and get the really new one .
 Battery was purchased from OEM Planet . The first battery delivered was clearly used . The contacts showed excessive wear -LRB- worse than the original battery that is 3 + years old -RRB- . The green sticker/label/wrapper was severely damaged and scatched through . Worse yet , the white indicator -LRB- for water exposure -RRB- had a red strip . I contacted the seller for a replacement , indicating that I wanted a new battery as advertised , and not a used one like they had provided . The replacement battery was delivered promptly . However , it too was used , but not damaged . My experience is very similar to that of other reviewers . $ 5 buys a used battery , not a new one . I will not be purchasing anything from this seller again .
 I did not do a scientific study , but I do n't think the new battery that I received holds more or longer charge than my worn out 31/2 year old battery . When I got the battery it looked a bit beat . I called and they assured me that it is new . The person said that the batteries ship bulk in a bag and they get beat up . I 'm not thrilled with the performance . I am skeptical and will not do it again . Can not recommend it .
 I purchased this item from WIRELESS UNLIMITED in Texas . Although it is being sold as a new OEM Blackberry battery , allegedly the same as what comes with one 's Blackberry , I do n't think it is . Why ? First of all , my Blackberry is only 4 months old , and its original battery is marked `` Made in Japan . '' While this battery at first glance has the same label -LRB- quite easy to fake , of course -RRB- , it is actually marked `` Made in China . '' Another subtle difference is that the OEM battery that came with my Blackberry listed its milliamps -LRB- if I recall , 1400 mA -RRB- . This battery has no designation at all of its amp rating . Now considering that the real thing costs $ 40 - $ 50 at most cellular retail stores , and this item was one-seventh the price , what can I expect ? Still , there is the little matter of false advertising ... they are calling this genuine OEM . The `` made in China '' label , the lack of a retail package -LRB- it arrived in a little plastic pouch , unmarked -RRB- , and most importantly , the inferior performance , all suggest FRAUD . Also -- they charged me -LSB- ... -RSB- shipping and handling even though it was sent 1st class in a tiny envelope at a cost of about -LSB- ... -RSB- at most . I would not trust this seller again .
 The battery worked fine , for a while . But within a month of purchase the connection plate quite literally split off from the battery and rendered it useless . Granted I use two batteries -LRB- to allow complete discharge/recharge cycling -RRB- so they 're pulled in and out of my phone often , but the original battery is still going strong and this one fell apart.Truth be told I probably got my money 's worth out of this battery and you probably will to , but do n't expect that $ 5 to get you very far .
 I 'm gon na be the contrarian amidst the 4 - and 5-star reviews . This stand works beautifully in the beginning but over time my Blackberry Curve keeps slipping off . The problem is the fold in the leather that holds the BB up at an angle becomes soft and yield to the weight of the BB and therefore no longer holds it in place . They should have put some kind of stiffener .
 The replacement battery arrived on time but it did not fit easily into my Motorola V557 phone like the original battery does . When I got it in , put the back on the phone , and connected the charger , the phone indicated that it could not charge the battery . I contacted Bargaincell and they offered a refund if I return the battery prepaid . This seems reasonable except that the packaging and shipping cost about as much as the battery -LRB- only $ 1 less -RRB- . I do n't mind paying it once to get the battery but I 'm not about to pay it again to return the battery .
 the sound was clear and i liked the look and the way it fit , but the ring volume would start out really low and end loud . the call would go to voicemail before you knew you had one coming in .
 You asked for Feedback ! I am waiting formy Battery PackBargaincell - 2-Piece Value Combo Pack Of Canon Digital Camera & Camcorder BP-208 , BP208 Compatible Li-Ion Replacement Battery with Charger Set - Home Travel Battery Charger + Car Charger Adapter Compatible w / Models Canon DC10 , DC20 , DC22 , DC40 , DC100 , E. . .
 I 've had it for a few months now and find that the interior rivets rub a spot on the back of the cell phone . The phone can also be turned on by itself or perform other actions because the holster side of the opening flap has a seam that transcends the key pad buttons , including the hot keys and when sitting in a car the seat belt buckle pushes on the phone case and the seam causes the phone to sometimes turn on and perform some random programs . Dangerous for contact lists etc. . I have a few pictures of the inside of the phone case also.Phone can also be propelled out of the case with little force if the correct angle of bump is directed on the antenna while walking . The flap will pop open.I need to get another case .
 I owned this leather pouch holder for my Treo 650 for a full 2 months before the pouch fell apart completely , rendering it useless . The pouch is two separate components glued
 I am very much impressed with the quality of the Leather Pouch from my new Treo . I was very happy of the same . However While traveling as it was hooked to my trouser , my Treo fell down twice from this Pouch . As it does not have a Locking Facility , It creates a Problem . It has just a Magnetic flap which is of no use when your Expensive Treo Falls down Twice and has a Lot of Scratches on them . Hence if they would only have a Locking facility on the Flap it would be great .
 This is the basic `` attach to your belt '' case for a palm treo shaped device.One complaint is that it can come off your belt fairly easily . My palm has not yet broken when this happens , nor has it dropped into water or snow . But the potential is there . So you need to be careful when wearing it.The second complaint is that the case provides no protection for your stylus . My stylus has fell from the palm several times now . So far it fell in my home or office , where I later located it . But eventually it will fall while `` out in the world '' and that will be it.For the price paid , not bad . But it 's nothing special .
 I expected this to have a pocket on the inside as mentioned in several of the reviews . Also there is logo on the outside which is also unexpected based on the picture .
 Battery came with no initial charging instructions or installation details . Installed the battery anyway and initially charged until cell phone indicated a full charge . Have used it for 3 weeks and find that the battery quickly shows that it has lost one half of its charge . Then it holds onto the second half of the charge pretty well .
 I bought the Jabra for the express purpose of using it while my phone was 15-20 feet away on my desk . I experienced heavy static from that distance -LRB- despite an advertised 30 foot range -RRB- . Also , when the side of my head with the Jabra on it was facing the phone , I got better reception than when I turned away . I am , apparently , thick headed.Using the Jabra in the car was an awesome experience , since the phone was so close to me . There were no wires to interfere with my driving , and I could answer calls easily with the Jabra itself , never even touching the phone.But $ 80 is too much to pay for wireless convenience in a car . Until the technology improves or price drops , the Jabra is just not as vaulable as a simple wired handsfree device . I returned my Jabra after one week .
 I used this item with Sony Ericsson T637 . While it was comfortable to wear , I could not hear the caller 's voice due to the static , and I am holding the phone in my hand so I know it 's not the distance that was a problem . I tried several calls at different locations , but the performance remained very poor . I really ca n't recommend this product - I now bought Motrola HS810 , and it works PERFECTLY .
 The Jabra FreeSpeak BT250 is not ready to be utilized in the business enviroment . I have used it for three months with the new Sanyo Multimedia 7400 phone , I found
 I bought this headset because I used corded earplugs a lot with previous cell phones . But when I bought a new bluetooth cell phone -LRB- Sony-Ericsson T610 -RRB- , I bought this because Amazon was offering what sounded like a great deal.Unfortunately , it was a waste of money because I never use the thing . The reasons :1 -RRB- It does n't fit my ear -LRB- it 's too small or maybe just not suited to my ear -- it 's uncomfortable and always feels like it 's going to fall off -RRB- . The earbud does n't really get close enough to my ear canal , so even at max volume , the sound is soft , which is OK in a quiet office , but not in a car or outdoors .2 -RRB- Since it 's so uncomfortable , I did n't want to wear it continuously all day long , but if you have the headset linked to the phone , the headset is the ONLY way to answer the cell phone -LRB- at least that 's how it is with my T610 -RRB- . I had a situation where the phone rang , I hit `` answer '' on the phone and could n't hear anything through the phone because I had enabled bluetooth . I had to scramble to find the headset . -LRB- Since it 's wireless , it 's hard to see quickly if headset is connected or not . -RRB- Enabling/disabling the bluetooth connection is a multi-step process , so it 's hard to do in a hurry -LRB- with a corded headset , you can quickly just unplug the thing -RRB- . So since the choice is between ALWAYS using the headset or NEVER using the headset -LRB- since disabling and re-enabling bluetooth is a hassle , and you have to remember whether it 's on or off to know how to answer the phone -RRB- , I 've chosen to NEVER use it .3 -RRB- The buttons on the headset mean you ca n't see them while you use them . There are two multi-functional buttons that are nearly identical in size and shape . Pushing a button briefly does something different from pushing it in longer . So it 's easy to hang up on a person when you really want to just mute them . If you use it all the time , I suppose pushing buttons by feel will become natural and so will remembering how long to push each button to do what you want it to do , but beginners and occasional users will probably make a lot of mistakes , as I did .
 I got a BT200 -LRB- appears to be nearly the same as the BT250 -RRB- 15 months ago . It worked well and I liked it a lot despite annoying background clicking and short battery life . Now , after just over a year , its battery often wo n't last a day of standby let alone conversations . Jabra support says they have no spare parts or service and offered me a 20 % discount on a new one . In other words , beware that this is a disposable product ! I also have a BT-110 , which uses a AAA cell that has much longer life and can be removed for recharge and/or replacement .
 About the only place this thing works well for me is in the car , thankfully . In my house , there 's lots of static . The range is n't all that great either . I 'm using it with the Motorola V600.Wish I 'd bought a Motorola headset .
 Wo n't stay behind the ear , ear piece wo n't stay in ear cannal , cuts out and sometimes wo n't respond at all . To get a good reception with the cell phone on my hip directly under the earpiece , I have to take the phone out of the case and hold directly under or in front of the earpiece , no more than one foot . I thought these things were supposed to make my life easier .
 The body of the unit crack around the bending earpiece area within a week or two that I have it . I send it back for warranty and it took them 4 weeks and with great hassel with their customer service before they sent out a replacement . Then when I receive the replacement unit and use it for a week , it cracked at the exact same place . I figure it is just poor design flaw . I use crazy glue and glue it back together and it hold but all my friend complain about the static and noise interfearance when I use it . It is not my phone because I use Nokia 6820 which is top of the line bluetooth capable phone in the market . Since I can not get my money back , I figure I have to buy something else .
 My wife wanted one of the new Bluetooth phones , and of course that meant her hands free car kit would no longer work . So the choice was to buy her a cordless hands free headset or another several hundred to install a new car kit . After a protracted review process , I chose the Jabra 250 as it seemed to be the most comfortable to wear and it seemed to have the best volume incoming and outgoing as well from what we looked at on the market , even though it is only using Bluetooth 1.1 . Now that we bought it , I 'm blown away , this unit is truly amazing . We are using it on the new Moto MPx 220 and it works like a champ . You hardly notice that you are even wearing it , and it has enough incoming volume to blow you away if you do n't turn it down . Outgoing volume is good as well . The unit would have received a 5 star rating if it was using Bluetooth 1.2 . What I have determined after reading many reviews that were great and those that said the unit was not very good , is that I tend to believe it has to do with the phone it is matched up to . A new high quality phone should work great with this as it does for us . Hope this helps and thanks for all the reviews I was able to read to get me to this point .
 I purchased the 250 device for my new Treo 650 . I am very disappointed and will be packing it up to send back -LRB- the Jabra ... not the Treo -RRB- . I 've tried it for a week and ca n't take it anymore . The only PRO I can think of is that it is light and comfortable . I do have a lot of CONS :1 . Range is supposed to be 15 feet . Yeah right ... try less than 5 feet .2 . If you have the phone on one side of your body -LRB- i.e. in a belt clip -RRB- with the headset on the other side , it simply does not work . I do n't mean it sort of does n't work , I mean it does n't work at all -- every time .3 . When I have everything in order for it to work properly -LRB- i.e. the headset is within 2 feet of my phone on the same side of my body -RRB- , the reception is spotty at best . Time and again , the person on the other end of the phone asks me if I am in a wind tunnel . At other times , they tell me that I 'm fading in and out .4 . About 30 % of the time , the Jabra does not realize my Treo has rung . So , I end up having to not use it .5 . When the Jabra does realize my Treo as rung , it takes about 5 seconds for it to realize this . As such , the Treo continues to ring . This causes me to fret ... should I wait for the Jabra to realize my treo is ringing and risk losing the call to my voicemail ? Or should I answer the phone . If I answer the phone prematurely -LRB- i.e. before the Jabra realizes it has rung -RRB- , it takes about 3 seconds for the Jabra to connect . During this time , the person on the other end is talking and I ca n't hear.All in all , I considered giving this product a one-star rating.If you buy this ... keep your receipt handy .
 I got a BT200 -LRB- appears to be nearly the same as the BT250 -RRB- 15 months ago . It worked well and I liked it a lot despite annoying background clicking and short battery life . Now , after just over a year , its battery often wo n't last a day of standby let alone conversations . Jabra support says they have no spare parts or service and offered me a 20 % discount on a new one . In other words , beware that this is a disposable product ! I also have a BT-110 , which uses a AAA cell that has much longer life and can be removed for recharge and/or replacement .
 I tried this out because my old Bluetrek that I loved died . Actually , I killed it when I forgot where it was and sat on it . I was impressed with the advertised battery life , and took the plunge . Should n't have . While it is SUPPOSED to work in a range of 33 feet , I found that if I merely put the phone on the opposite side of my body , the connection gets fickle . You get lots of staticy noise if the phone is more than 2 feet from the earpiece and in a direct line of sight . Sort of defeats the purpose of the bluetooth technology , does n't it ? And the static is NOT just in your end ; my girlfriend complained about it more than I really even heard it . So if yo get this , be prepared to anger your party on the other line . On the plus side , the sound is nice and loud in th speaker . That 's about it . Try something else , like a bluetrek or motorola or something . I am trying the Motorola next . This thing is trash .
 I 've been using the BT250 for a couple of weeks now . Here 's what I 've found :1 . The belt clip stinks . The device drops off it all the time . It 's silly to see a $ 90 device sabotaged by a 15 cent piece of plastic . -LRB- It looks stupid , also . -RRB- 2 . The standby time is nowhere near the 240 hours Jabra advertises . I find that it gives me a low power indication after about 24 hours .3 . The 250 is awkward to put on your ear , which is a real pain when you 're trying to take a call .4 . I 've found no way to voice dial on my Blackberry 7290 with the 250.5 . The distance you can be from your phone is more like 10 feet , as opposed to the 30 that Jabra advertises .6 . The volume is very loud on the Jabra . I have to turn down the phone or reduce the volume using the buttons on the 250 all the time.I 'd recommend the Motorola HS810 which has a good carrying case , voice dials on the 7290 with no problems , goes on more easily , and has more intelligently designed buttons .
 I was really looking forward to the Bluetooth Wireless experience ; however , the Jabra FreeSpeak BT250 is not all that great . With regular usage for three months with my Sony Ericsson T637 , I found
 I thought the Jabra FreeSpeak would be a much better bluetooth headset than a lot of other products on the market . Boy was I wrong ! Once I got started with the headset , I heard a lot of static on my end and the people I called could barely hear anything I was saying.Heaven help you if you have an 802.11 x setup at home ! I have a wireless network at home which seemed to cause a lot of interference with my headset . Even when I tried the headset on the road or elsewhere , the static was unbearable . You could barely keep the headset 1 foot away from your phone before you started hearing static.I returned this puppy back to Best Buy the very next day.I have since purchased the Bluetooth headset from Logitech which works GREAT !! Note
 i had heard so many good things about this headset and even tried on my co-workers before i bought it , but what i did n't test out was the reception/range . i have been using a logitech mobile freedom headset for almost a year now and love it , EXCEPT for the fit . it fits horribly.this is where the BT205 shines . it fits great . it does n't hurt . i can wear it for hours . it seems to have a ton of talk time -LRB- at least 6 hours , i would say -RRB- ... but the reception just plain sucks . i do n't know if it 's all the electrical devices running in my apartment , but damn , i ca n't get more than about 5 feet away from my phone before this unit starts to get all crackly on me . you almost have to have the phone 1 -RRB- within about 6 feet of you and 2 -RRB- have it on the same side of your body as the jabra . basically , count on walking around with your phone in your pocket.do heed jabra 's warnings about the wireless home network interfering with this device ! and your microwave . and your electric fans ... and running water ... they all make reception horrible . i think my problem might have been the wireless home network . but c'mon people , us geeks who use bluetooth headsets are the same geeks who have wireless home networks . duh.summary : pros : * lightweight * comfortable * got a good price on ebay -LRB- $ 42 shipped for new -RRB- * easy to usecons : * range , range , range ! this is a huge one for me . if i have to keep my phone within 6 feet of me all the time , what 's the point ? * too costly at $ 80 for what you get * everything interferes with this unit . you might as well go sit in a room with nothing in it for good reception.needless to say , it 's for sale on ebay !
 cracked body twice and reception for both was problematic at best.crack on the body is one thing because it still works ... the call button after 6 months broke , this was on the replacement and they do n't replace warrantee replacement item . ear gel piece come off and gets lost easy . too heavy and uncomfortable compared to whats out there . you can hear fine ... but it 's mic or transmission is very noisy and full of static . I recommend the g2.what a waste of my hard earned money !!!
 I have had thins headset for several months now and have to confess I hardly use it . I bought it for my T-Mobile telephone and while pairing was easy , when walking down the street the microphone seems to act like a wind tunnel - wind just blows straight into the microphone and no one can hear me over the combination of street noise and wind.I do n't think it is a T-Mobile GSM issue although the microphones on their handsets seem to be so super sensitive that listeners often say they can hear my footsteps and the conversations of others around me better than they can hear me.Overall , not very workable and I 'm disappointed . Have actually just ordered a Plantronics M3500 which boasts a noise-canceling microphone . We 'll see if there is any improvement.Finally , I thought that at least I 'd be able to use this headset for Skpye . It works a charm on my Mac although people say I 'm faint , but on my Windows machine I am completely unable to get the sound to come out of the Jabra earpiece ; only through the speakers on my computer . While that is better I think than having to listen to a telephone conversation through stereo headphones -LRB- which , incidentally , is unbearable and cuts you off from everything going on around you -RRB- , it is not perfect .
 This headset is not worth the money . In my case , it was not worth any money . It has a range of about the length of your arm . It does not work worth a darn outside of the car . It has a hissing sound in the background all the time . It crackles and pops most of the time . I love my Treo 650 but this headset stinks . I received this headset as a gift so it did not cost me anything yet I am still disatisfied and will be ordering a different brand . Take my advice , avoid this headset . If not , well , you were warned.Update
 I loved the idea of wireless for the convenience and safety and was loving the Jabra until it fell apart on me . The distance from your headset to the cell was definitely short range , maybe a few feet away before it got fuzzy . What was worse is that after 4 months of owning it , the earpiece -LRB- that holds the rubber plug -RRB- broke off and the headset surface started fading . The piece breaking off meant I could not put a earplug on there and it was not covered in the warranty -LRB- the customer service suggested I super glue it ! -RRB- I bought another Jabra thinking the last one was a fluke ... but other things started falling apart . Very poor quality piece ... I would rethink buying this product !
 This weirdly shaped earpiece is hard to put away , and I bought the device because I read on T1 that It was the best , with longest battery and clear sound . Well to my surprise the range on it is horrible . Pants pocket to my ear it would not work . And not to mention using it on my computer . If I was touching the laptop with the earpiece it would still sound terrible and with a lot of interference . Dont buy this its horrible !!! I exchanged the next day , for the logitech one .
 I have used this headset with my Treo 650 and have been very disapointed with it 's performance . It may be a function of the Treo 's Bluetooth capabilities so keep that in mind and do not waste your money on this headset if you are using a Treo.It has very poor range ; arm 's length at best . Outdoors it is useless . It has times when it will refuse to pick up a call . The voice quality is also poor with hissing and crackling . The only place it seems to be remotely useful is in the car where it is within arm 's reach and the hissing is only moderate . This is pretty expensive to only be able to use part of the time . Talk time is also much shorter than advertised.My $ .02 , save your money for something else.Update
 I have 2 of these headsets for a Sony Ericsson t637.I second other reviewers regarding poor range . The phone has to be in line of sight , within a few feet . If the phone is in mypant pocket , reception is marginal.Also
 All is in the title.Didn ' t work and was not recognized by the phone.A waste if money.To be avoided .
 Battery ok i guess but it took 2 weeks to get it ! Would Not Buy From These People Again ! TOO SLOW !
 The product arrived quickly . I ordered this and the box wave Stylus/ink pen . My original review was 4 stars ; however , in the last weeks of ownership , I 've lost at least 1 black ring from each item ! The small black lines you see are actually black really thin and cheap O rings . They make for a comfortable and stylish pen and mini ; however , when they fall off and you lose them , it becomes an uncomfortable and ugly Stylus and min ! I lost the first one of each before I even noticed the rings move easily ! After being aware that I must use caution , I lost another . I 'd like them to send me quiet a few spares for each item . But as it is , I ca n't give this product a good review . I would not order another box wave product knowing about the temporary rings !! It 's upsetting !
 I like the small size for the ability to carry it all the time . It 's just too small to be useful as a stylus . If you want the ability to carry it , then go for it .
 YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . THIS CHARGER WOULD BARELY PLUG INTO MY CAR OUTLET AND IT WAS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO KEEP IT TURNED ON WHILE IN THE CAR . ANY SUDDEN MOVEMENT AND IT THE LITTLE RED LIGHT WOULD TURN OFF.IT WOULD NOT EVEN PLUG INTO MY PHONE . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . I ENDED UP THROWING IT WAY AFTER ABOUT 5 DAYS OF TRYING AND TRYING AND TRYING ...
 This merchant , AccessoryOne , is blatantly lying when they say this battery is `` New . '' I just got my order today and the battery is obviously not new :1 . It is not in a sealed package ; just loose in a tiny plastic bag .2 . The paint is scratched off of the edges .3 . There are greasy fingerprints on it .4 . The terminals are scratched from the phone it was previously in.If Amazon allows these unethical vendors to hawk their used and/or counterfeit products as new , the whole market place concept they 've created is not credibility .
 I ordered this product and received it within the specified amount of time . However , When I opened the package the item I received was NOT the one that I ordered . It was a completely different item then I ordered.It was n't even similar . The bluetooth I received was black and silver . I was very disappointed.Needles to say I was going to keep it after to calling the number on my shipping paper . I opened the package and the bluetooth DID NOT even work !!!!!!!!!! I returned the item and received my money back but I still spent money to send the item back and never got a shipping label from the company when I asked for one . Very displeased .
 I bought a cell phone battery , charged it and I keep getting the message `` invalid battery '' . Same type battery from another company works fine on another cell phone . I think battery is n't good . I emailed the sales department but never got a reply .
 I know from experience . I have owned every brand of this type of cable over the years . I think one company makes them all . They will NOT last . The cable will develop a bare spot near the device connector end and short itself out . For some reason , it only happens with the Palm-type cables . My iPod and USB retractable cables have lasted . Perhaps one just ends up using the Palm device cables more for hot-synching and/or charging daily.See my PALM page at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this cable . My first peeve was that it was shorter than the original Palm Hotsync cable , but my major issue is that a few weeks of use were enough to break one of the little tabs that holds the contacts firmly in place , so WATCH OUT , and treat this cable nicely . I like the retracting cable concept , but was disappointed in how easily it got damaged .
 Should not be used with Thunderbolt ! Probably any capacitative touch screen . Destroys calibration for touch . Had to do factory reset ! A call to HTC confirmed that . Wish phone had come.win a warning .
 the rubber sheet was broken already , less than two months . I am pretty worried when the wire will be broken as well .
 I 've had this phone for about 5 months , and compared to my previous phone , which was a Motorola V557 , the Nokia 6126 is just sad . I 'm not even going to go into a full report on this phone , I 'm just going to list the pros and cons : PROS : It plays mp3s , has a microSD slot for more space , has bluetooth , the display is very bright and colorful , the size is pretty good - not to small and not ultra slim , and I have never once had a problem with antenna reception -LRB- which partly will depend on your service and coverage area -RRB- . CONS : - Battery life is horrible - one phone call can pretty much drain your battery , and once it starts to go down , it really goes fast.-The connector for a headset is a Nokia pop port , which is not quite as easy to find and can be difficult with non-Nokia brand products.-The button to open the phone is very unnecessary and has caused the phone to open in my pocket several times.-The camera button is on the outside resulting in a couple pictures taken of the inside of my pocket -LRB- the way I found to fix this was to turn on automatic keyguard after a minute or two -RRB- . - When someone is calling , if the camera button is pressed , the phone answers in speakerphone mode - this I just found out today . I had this suspicion for a little while since my mom would sometimes call me and it would cut off after two or three rings and she said it sounded like someone was there but there was no one . Turns out the phone was bumped in my pocket , either by my chapstick or by my hand when I grabbed it , and what she was hearing was the inside of my pocket.-The camera is horrible - really , really horrible . Compared to my previous phone , the pictures are bigger , but they have so much noise . Luckily , I did n't buy the phone for its camera capabilities.-The outer display is pointless . I originally decided on this model over another Nokia because this one had an outer display . I thought it would be neat to assign a picture to friends so when they called , the picture would display on the outside . I never got that feature to work right - the phone seems to take too long to load the picture and I was n't able to receive calls , or it would ring twice after the image loaded and then the person would have got my voicemail because , on their end , it rang and rang.-I have never found a way to change how the phone lets you know you missed a call , I do n't think you can . All it does is flash the outer display every so often -LRB- which REALLY drains the battery -RRB- and it says `` 1 missed call '' . The main screen displays the missed call if you open the phone , but it does n't make a sound or vibrate to let you know or remind you.-The paint is chipping off the exterior of mine , just like other reviewers said . It has been that way after about one week . This phone just was not designed to carry in your pocket.-The main display screen sometimes gets dirty . It seems to at time collect every piece of lint , dust , and anything else that is in the air . This would n't matter if it would have been a flat surface instead of being embedded in the top of the phone . It looks nicer that way , but is not a good idea for something that will maybe be put in a pocket . Again , this is definitely not a pocket-friendly phone.-The sound quality is absolutely pathetic . I have discovered apparently this is a Nokia thing , as my mom 's sounds just as bad -LRB- she has one of the old Nokia phones -RRB- . The speakerphone is not too bad , and there are times when you think it may be better to talk over the speakerphone rather then trying to listen through the ear piece . Sound does vary depending on the other person 's phone and antenna reception , but , once again , I never had that problem with either of my Motorolas.-There just are n't very many custom features , and there does n't seem to be enough buttons for a techno-type gadget . Actually , this is basically a phone for people who are not techno-advanced people . It 's more like a toy than a phone . I 've only ever had Motorola phones , and I did n't realize they had so much more options than other new phones . The main things I miss from my V557 are the option to arrange phone numbers by speed dial number rather than alphabetically , and Motorola 's `` iTap '' text entry . I would have got another Motorola , but I really did n't want the Razor , or any slim phone for that matter . Needless to say , after my contract with AT&T ; is up , I 'll be switching to a company with better phone options . If you like the features of a Motorola do n't ever get a Nokia.EDIT
 I ordered this phone form Cingular -LRB- ATT -RRB- and today my third defective phone came in the mail . A customer service rep told me that 85 % of all her returns and exchanges come from this model phone . The first phone had a handset speaker that did n't work and the next 2 were , in the words of the customer service rep , `` DOA '' -- dead on arrival . It would be a really nice phone if it worked though ...
 I really tried to do my research before I purchased this phone , but unfortunately most of the available reviews were short term users . I was already expecting below-average battery life and a sub par camera , but the benefits I was expecting outweighed these concerns for me . The major problems began to creep in with more use.There are several good points to the phone . It really is a good-looking and well-built phone , and it just `` feels right . '' The sound quality is excellent for both calls and music -LRB- assuming you have a stereo headset -RRB- , and even the Bluetooth headset sound quality is head and shoulders above my old Motorola . The audio player is AAC/M4A capable . The resolution of both LCDs is great . Nokia PC Suite can sync the phone 's calendar with Lotus Notes , a rare feature . I appreciate the release button more than I thought I would . I 'm sure I 'll miss that if my next phone does n't have it . The only problem with the release button is sometimes accidentally pushing it as you pull out the phone while receiving a call . If the phone is set to automatically answer when it opens , the release gets pushed accidentally , and it 's a call you do n't want to take at the moment , you 're stuck holding the phone closed until it stops ringing . Still a nice feature.Moving on to the phone 's problems
 When I bought this phone , I had read that the battery was n't the greatest ... I guess I figured I 'd have to charge it every other day which did n't bother me ... But nothing prepared me for how absolutely horrible it really is . If I talk for maybe 20 mins and listen to a couple of songs , this thing is down to nothin ! -LRB- I had even set the packet data to `` when needed '' but it did n't help . -RRB- It 's sad too because it would be a good phone otherwise . The style is cute with a little push button that opens the phone up , which I really liked . The sound of the little stereo speaker is really quite good . The reception is very good . And the format is very customizable -LRB- like most Nokias -RRB- if only the battery did n't drain like a leaky faucet!I ca n't recommend this phone and unfortunately I 'm going to have to return mine . And since I have read that the 6555 is just as bad as far as the battery life goes , I guess this year will be the first time in about 10 years that I 've had to use another brand other than a Nokia . Oh well , I guess it 's time for a change !
 A few words to the wise , Do n't buy this phone !!! I got this phone as an upgrade w / my contract renewal , and was it a mistake ! This phone is straight crap ! Let 's just say , do n't EVER , EVER EVER EVER DROP THIS PHONE!I dropped this phone One time and it straight stopped working ! I could n't believe it , so guess what , I dropped it again and figured , I dropped it and it stopped working , lets see if this works . . And Wholla ! It started working again . I had an older Nokia , similar to this model . and that phone would take a lickin ' and keep on tickin . This thing , is just plastic w / some lights . How many ways can I say it ... GARBAGE !
 This phone deserves zero rating . Or minus 1 . It 's that bad . It just turned itself off for no reason , while I was on a very important call with someone whose number I do n't have . Battery is half full , but it decided to take a break a guess . I turned it on , and it works fine now.Other problems : - Buttons do n't click any more even though they do seem to work ; but those that do n't `` click '' any more need tons of pressure to work . - Navigation through menus is cumbersome for some simple things like sending a text message . - Sound is bad as is both reception and transmission . This in a good coverage area . The biggest problem is it cuts off for no reason . - Camera is like a trip back to the earliest digital cameras of early 90s . Picture quality is so bad , you 'll wish you never even tried taking those pictures . - I never even use this phone for anything else other then phone calls . I do n't really care about the camera , mp3 and so on , so I am dissapointed that even simple things like staying on when battery is full , is a challenge . - Battery life is bad . - Battery indicator is worse . You may leave home with battery half full only to find out that it 's getting empty within minutes . And - yes - I do charge my phone fully , and use it until the battery is -LRB- almost -RRB- empty . - Both my wife and I have the same phone . We use it not more then once to twice a day . Very very light use . Yet both of our phones exibit identical problems . Buttons on her phone got bad even faster then mine - within days of purchasing it.All in all I do n't remember when was the last time I was so dissapointed with my purchase . This phone feels like some bootleg black market import , not a real Nokia . However I bought it from AT&T ; so it 's real .
 The Nokia 6126 has some very nice features -LRB- most of which are also found on newer phones -RRB- . My gripe is that this phone is incompatible with every PC-to-Phone software program available . The only program which is available is the `` Nokia PC Suite '' -LRB- free at Nokia web site -RRB- . But that program ca n't do near what most other Cell-to-PC programs can do.The Nokia Suite for this Phone can not dedect the contents of the Sim Card , nor the Sim itself . Hence , many features are inaccessible . -LRB- Only Phone memory and the add on Miro-chip memory is available . -RRB- The contact list editor is the worst ever I 've seen . The Contact List should be the core on any phone . If you want to play mp3 's - get an mp3 player . The sound quality is severely lacking , and no bass at all.If you want a camera - get a digital camera because clarity will be a world of difference . That leaves us with a Contact List Editor . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Cumbersome pop up windows for entries , rather than as all other programs do , which can be edited on one single page and can be printed out . The Nokia 6126 does not have printing , neither does the Nokia 6125 PC Suite . -LRB- It will allow you to print 1 Contact per page -- good luck printing 40 pages which would normally fit on 1 page . -RRB- There are plenty of sites that only discuss the good points , and I agree it 's a nice phone if the core reason for having a phone , contacts and appointment calendar editing & printing would n't be so cumbersome or simply unavailable.My last beef is battery life . For my purposes , standby gives me relative sufficient time , but use the phone with PC sync , one better hurry.Charging time runs between 21/2 to 3 hours on a home 110V charger .
 Before owning this phone I had had very good luck with Nokia phones , outside of dropping things on them and jumping into rivers with them in my pocket . I 've had this phone just over 4 months and I hate it.I never used any extras or downloaded anything , so this is from the perspective of someone who ordered a phone from AT&T ; and made calls and texted and took maybe 5 photos in 4 months :1 . It 's ugly . No style at all . I 'm pretty practical for a twenty-something girl , but I feel like an old woman carrying this thing around .2 . That neat-o button that opens it up ? That was cool for about a week before the random openings got annoying . The camera button is obnoxious as well , unless you like inner-pocket photos .3 . The screen gets filthy and it 's so hard to clean out all the corners .4 . Reception was not great . I live in the East Bay , CA and I 've gotten a steady 2-3 bars at best . My last Nokia got great reception even in the Santa Cruz Mountains .5 . Battery life is terrible . I do n't talk that much , but I 've had to charge it almost every day .6 . It started out glitchy and just got worse . I had some problems when it was low on battery or just charged , but they seemed to clear up . Until now . 4 months and it wo n't stay on . That 's unheard of ! I 'm not going to bother getting it fixed , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to buy another Nokia phone .
 This is the worst phone I 've ever owned . After several months the paint has begun to chip off . The voice quality is fair at best . The battery life is terrible . Occasionally the mike stops working and the battery needs to be removed to reset the phone . When the phone is powered off , a number of settings -LRB- like the default messaging center -RRB- disappear and must be re-added . I will be replacing this phone soon and it wo n't be with another Nokia .
 I ca n't think of anything to gush about with this phone . Usually I like Nokia 's but have been disappointed in this one.The sound dips up and down while listening to a caller.The moving display on the front screen annoys me to no end and is difficult to read . It is a large screen on the front , yet only 10 % of it is utilized . The time and number of missed calls etc moves up and down the screen . Why?My only hope is that perhaps if I feel like reading the manual this can be customized.And the battery ... it is CONSTANTLY beeping at me because it needs to be recharged . It is ridiculous how poor the battery life is!Basically , this is just a generic phone to me . I am struggling to find reasons that I like this phone over others . I ca n't think of a feature that makes it stand out above the rest .
 I had 2 of these phones sent to me -LRB- the first one was bad -RRB- . Each had problems with the hearing device . It would fade in and out . The software for auto voice dialing is very weak , and required repeated input . I went back to motorola .
 This is the worse phone I ever had . At the begining was ok but now after 4 month phone by itself start to get numbers even when I want to make off or on the phone and by press that buttom , phone by itself gets last no I got before !!!
 Like the rate plan , like the phone . Do n't like the way that Amazon fulfilled the order , however . Evening of day # 1
 The battery does not hold a charge - do n't buy this phone unless you want to talk with your phone plugged into a wall . I had a nokia phone for 4 years before I bought this phone and I loved it . As soon as I can I will replace this phone .
 The phone is OK . BUT ... it does n't come with anything but a wall charger . If you want to load music onto it you have to buy a mini SD card and a data cable -LRB- sold seperatly -RRB- If you want to LISTEN to that music , you have to buy special earbuds that only fit this phone . -LRB- DUMB -RRB- I bought this phone for my 15 year old son . How many pairs of these Nokia specific earbuds am I going to have to buy ????? Really a RIP OFF if you ask me ... Keep looking ! Do n't get this one !!!!
 The phone itself is pretty good , feels comfy in the hand and the bottons protrude and `` click '' so it gives nice tactile feedback , something missing from almost every phone on the markey . So you know what you 're pressing at all times , almost no texting errors.However , two flaws , and one of them is MAJOR .1 . How can a phone not have an input for an earbud ? This is absolutely unacceptable , and I 've never seen a phone in the last 6-7 years not have a simple ear bud jack , ridiculous ! This is the sole reason I returned mine , as I do not care for Bluetooth , I prefer simple corded earbuds as they are cheap to replace if lost .2 . Another pretty serious flaw is the battery . It is rated at 3 hours , but that is pushing it.Overall this could have been a great phone , but two pretty stupid , unthinkable mistakes like not including a basic earbud jack ruins it .
 text message does not work , directions in a language I ca n't even identify , contact with ace photo , the vendor , was unproductive . not a good purchase experience at all .
 Even though they said this faceplate would fit the Audiovox 9155 gpx phone - IT DID NOT ! I was very disappointed and annoyed that I now have to pay to send it back .
 It 's probably not Amazon 's fault ... It 's the cell phone industry trying to flood the market with stuff that becomes obsolete quickly . Just think of all the different phone chargers you 've had to buy over the years . Standardization would be nice for the consumer.The phone I needed a face plate for is several years old . The original picture of the face plate I ordered was exactly what I wanted , but the one I received was a `` newer '' version.The good news is that Amazon took the product back and returned the money to my credit card .
 this is the worst thing ever made ! when you get the case , it looks nice and all , but here 's the catch
 The literature leads you to believe it works with the treo 755p . NOT UNLESS you use the bluetooth adapter . It seems to connect since both phone and the earphones indicate connected but it does not respond when music is played . To make it work you have to use the blue tooth adapter -LRB- which you should n't have to do since the phone is bluetooth -RRB- . In addition , the stereo jack with the adapter does not fit in the small earplug jack outlet in the phone . You have to purchase a jack adapter also . Very disappointing .
 I own several Platronics Headsets -LRB- DSP400 / DSP500 -RRB- to talk on Skype and I own a Macbook.I bough this headset to use with Skype , so I do n't need to be wired to the computer while talking -LRB- since I talk a lot on Skype -RRB- . I tried them with MacOSX 10.4.x -LRB- Tiger -RRB- and now with 10.5.x -LRB- Leopard -RRB- since I read the quality of bluetooth headsets would be better on Leopard.Since I own several plantronics headsets I was expecting a good quality . I have to confess that I hate the quality . The sound quality is bad and lagged . It drives me nuts to talk for a long time with them because of the lag and because I have to repeat myself several times -LRB- because the other person does n't understand properly -RRB- .
 I bought this headset with the hopes of being able to use it as they advertised . I was reallying wanting to use it with my phone for conference calls and with my computers for music and gaming . Addtionally I wanted to use Team Speak and Skype with it . I have yet to be able to connect the headset to any computer and I have tried 4 different bluetooth dongles all with different modes of failure . I can listen to music using the adapter that was included , and I can use it with my phone . However if I go to my phone with it I generally have to turn the headphones off to reconnect back to my music.The sound is pretty good and they are comfortable . People do mostly report having really good sound on thier end of the phone with them.I would never buy them and I would urge anyone consdering them to wait until somebody comes out with something that works .
 Overall Pros : * Fantastic sound when used as HEADPHONES with the supplied analog adapter.Overall Cons : * MONO sound when used as HEADSET with mic -LRB- both ears , just mono output -RRB- * LAGS behind video/game just under a second . * Tech Support nightmares . Dealt with liars and wiseasses.First , installed it on my primary box -LRB- XP SP2 -RRB- with both a generic BTv1 .1 adapter and then the IOGear GBU321 . Used both dongle provided drivers and BlueSoliel drivers . In all situations , the sound quality was less than ideal as it sounded like it was being played through a speakerphone and found the headset -LRB- when mic is used -RRB- only outputting in MONO -LRB- no more listening to Pink Floyd during games -RRB- . This annoyed me immediately as Tech Support TOLD me it was stereo output.This device is only good as a Skype headset or walk-around-the-house headphones -LRB- using the adapter -RRB- . Secondly , this is what happened when I tried to contact Tech Support installing it on Vista -LRB- which did not work -RRB- . Matt S : Hi , you have reached Matt S in Technical Support . How may I help you?You
 Pros - they look great - handy wired dongle and charging stand - very good sound quality - comfortable and lightCons - distracting blue light flashing -LRB- it 's bluetooth I get it already -RRB- - slight sound lag - every once in a while signal drops out replaced by grating static sound -LRB- can be fixed by pressing the link button , but is jarring none the less -RRB- . - after a few weeks the charging connector pin on the headphones became faulty and stopped taking a charge . was still able to get a charge by placing headphones at a * very specific * angle connected to the portable charging cable . annoying to say the least , but workable . - after about two months -LRB- ten minutes ago -RRB- the plastic on the headphones cracked and fell apart leaving the left earphone dangling by a wire . I was very careful with these comparatively expensive headphones and had never dropped them.It 's a shame , initially it seemed close to perfect.Be aware that Plantronics does not offer refunds , only replacements .
 I just received my headset and bluetooth 1.2 adapter . I am warning all who buy this with plans to use it with a computer . It will only do stereo music when the microphone is disabled . Making the features work with a computer are to say the least `` very glitchy '' . If you enable the microphone you will only get poor quality 22khz phone type sound -LRB- very muffled and indistict -RRB- . When it comes to pairing , you can not pair it to your computer and use the microphone and also pair it to your cell phone , it is either or . The computer takes the place of the cell phone . It does however work extremely well with the included headset adaptor . It is really cool . If you pair it with your cellphone and the use the adaptor you will recieve a beep in your ear when a call is incoming . You can also listen to stereo music from you computer -LRB- if you mess around long enough -RRB- . It also has incredible range . Anyway dont buy this for multiple uses . It is only for IPOD + Cell phone , thats it . Getting it to work on a computer is a incredible pain .
 I purchased my first headset in Dec 05 , after one week of use the unit would not charge , but Plantronics was good enough to send me another one seeing how it was still under warranty ! Received the replacement unit mid Jan 06 , as of yesterday the unit started having the same problem as the first one ; i 'm no longer able to charge it . I expected a better design/quality product from Plantronics ! I 'm now waiting on yet another replacement unit !
 GOOD : The unit produces good -LRB- maybe even above average -RRB- sound for most lay people . Pairing with the analog adapter was easy ; and , pairing with laptop , desktop , and cell phone were very straightforward.BAD : The design of the headset unit is rather small . The -LRB- muted silvery -RRB- parts of the headset that connect the top part to the ear `` cups '' -LRB- speakers -RRB- are very cheap . The top -LRB- black -RRB- part is rather stiff.UGLY : If you have a wide or big head , you will need to spread the headset a lot everytime you put it on . When you do that , the muted silvery part will break sooner than later . It will break either around the area where it connects to the top -LRB- black -RRB- part or the other side where it connects to the ear `` cup '' units.BOTTOM LINE : If you have small head , this is most likely be a very good bluetooth stereo headsets for you . Otherwise , be very careful when putting them on your head and expect them to break .
 This headset was used about 4-5 times and the frame broke . The store that sold it will not replace it , so now it is just trash . Do NOT buy this product , it is flimsy and will break where the earpiece attaches to the head set frame .
 Bought this otherwise fantastic product . Could not charge it ater a few weeks of use . Then got another one and could not charge it after a few weeks of use . Then they sent another one 3 days ago and it has just stopped charging.And when I call the customer service they told me that it was the FIRST time they heard someone having a charging problem with Plantronics 590a . Somehow I am having a hard time believing them . I feel they are getting dozens of calls each day.Any other readers - if you are having a similar experience - pl post your charging woes.Sad that this is an otherwise good product . But unusuable due to this problem . I recommend prospective buyers to hold off until these design flaws or fixed . Or a competitor beats them to it .
 I have been waiting so very long for a headset with technology that offers clean clear wireless reception , a headset that works with my computer , my home entertainment center , and my phone . A headset that flawlessly switches from listening to music / TV / PC / movies and answer an incoming call automatically -- yes the Plantronics Pulsar 590A is all that -- however the romance stops there.I received my 590 's October 2005 for about $ 250CAN with shipping . Within the first month they developed a crack abut 1.5 inches long on the outside of the silver portion where the headband slides in for adjustments . Today 1may2006 I see cracks on both the inside panels or on the opposing side of the first crack mentioned.I was willing to live with one crack although concerned now though with three cracks these babies are going back to Plantronics!Further , I have treated these with extreme care and have never dropped them.Pros : Simply put they work as advertised with little to no playing around to get them to connect to other sources or devices.When talking with people they can actually hear what I am saying and I can actually hear them loud and clear -LRB- volume control works nicely here as well -RRB- . Oh , and I love the blue light . Ya I 'm a GEEK and proud of it!Cons : Very flimsy.Very Weak.Easily broken.Although the sound is clear and clean ie not all staticy -- THX they are not . Not even close.Plantronics ! Build them and they will come !
 My initial impression was the sound quality was good but the workmanship was cheap . The cheapness was confirmed after about a month when the headphones stopped working and stopped taking a charge . Additionally , when speaking with Plantronics support I noticed a small crack on the union between the headband and the right earphone . Now , these headphones were never dropped and handled delicated since day one due to the noticably cheap quality.On the positive side Plantronics support seems first rate , the reason for the second star . Plantronics must be well aware of the problem because they went straight to processing a return . They are shipping me out a new unit in advance of me sending the old pair back . a much appreciated CS touch . hopfully the new batch has these issues fixed
 I 've had my pair for four months now they look great and the sound is n't bad overall . But that 's where it ends . My pair died and would not recharge and the hinges developed cracks since it has plastic hinges with steel pins holding them together . My friends pair also has cracks in his hinges and i am talking about 2 to 3 cracks . I sent them in and they told me that I should not keep them on the stand when not in use , Is n't that what the stand is for ????
 I bought these thinking I could use them for both Skype and my cell . Connects and works fine for cell use -LRB- although the annoying blue light flash needs to go -RRB- . But this headset does NOT work for Skype and Plantronics is clear -LRB- AFTER you buy the headset , nowhere is this mentioned on the package or product listing -RRB- that Skype/VOIP is NOT supported . I 'm a pretty techie guy -LRB- build my own PCs. , water and phase-change cool them -RRB- and I tried everything , several BT stacks and 3 different USB and internal dongles . A one-hundred and fifty dollar stereo bluetooth headset will not work for VOIP ? The cheapest mono headsets will work , but not this ? Absolutely unacceptable for a higher-end headset and the shifty Plantronics people should make this clear on the packaging . I hope Amazon will change the product details to reflect this .
 Like many of you I thought this was going to be the answer to my dreams of a wireless headset . Wrong ! This is made from the cheapest plastic known to mankind . My girlfriend got them for me this Christmas , and I was elated . Two weeks later cracks started to appear on the headband adjustment casing . Pow ! The right side broke ! So I epoxied it together . No worries ! Incorrectomundo ! Cracks along the left started to appear ! Everybody together now ! POW ! The left ! Epoxy to the rescue ! It should be fine now ... right !!!!! WRONG ! Today the bracket which allows the earphones to swing upward broke like a pinata at a birthday party . I wish I could say I was BASE jumping or fighting ninjas when this happened , but sadly I was watching a movie trying not to disturb my lady , when the final fracture occured ! The torrent of profanities pouring out of me was the opposite of what these headsets were supposed to accomplish!To conclude ! Cheap plastic , Badly designed , Break easily , Will not survive ninja battle ! Please Plantronics try harder next time .
 ATTENTION COMPUTER HEADSET USERS
 < WARNING > It does n't work with Skype < WARNING > I also bought this headseat thinking it would work between iTunes and Skype . It does n't . By reading the product description , it seemed to be the case where it talks about `` switch from listening to music when a call comes in '' . I read that thinking it meant a Skype call . What they did n't include was they mean a call coming in on your paired CELL PHONE . I 'm not happy and feel duped . It should be extremely clear that it was n't designed to work with Skype on your computer -- it does n't so do n't bother if your a Skype user .
 Warning , Plantronics Plusar 590a headsets are not mp3 cell phone player compatible.My phone is an LG8100 and others are said to be affected . Even though the advertising states they are an `` Ultimate Stereo Bluetooth Headset '' and as personally stated by an online rep. `` Absolutely compatible with the LG8100 cell phone '' , they will not work as such with my phone . Unfortunately I purchased these headphones as a solution for allowing good mp3 tunes `` in stereo '' while puttering around my office while at the same time being able to switch to the phone as they quote `` seamlessly '' . Not ! They will not access the mp3 player on the phone . Their support personnel wrote me this cop out note when , after purchasing , I inquired why they would n't work as their advertising states . `` Your phone needs to support the `` A2DP '' profile -LRB- advanced audio distribution -RRB- in order to enable full stereo sound and streaming audio with the Pulsar headset . Most currently available phones do not yet support this profile and thus can only make sue of the headset as a mono device for phone calling , not as a media headset for music and other audio outputs . '' Sorry to sound so negative but to me this was a real bummer and a waste of money . It 's kind of stupid running around the office wearing a full stereo headphone set just to answer mono phone calls . Be wary , Mark
 I received this product as a gift ordered from Amazon.com . I was pleased for the most part with the features and analog sound quality . Since the A2DP profile is not available for many devices yet , I can not make use of the Bluetooth stereo connectivity that this phone allows . I have an LG VX8100 by Verizon , which is a great phone . I just wish I could find a great binaural bluetooth headset/headphone that works completely in stereo or at least provides a 3.5 mm to 2.5 mm adapter that would allow me to listen to the mp3s on my phone through the headset . I would have been able to live with the few limitations of the device until I realized that there is a design flaw that will no doubt affect anyone who purchases this headset . I noticed a hairline fracture on one side of the headset after less than two months of careful use . The single fracture became a dual fracture on the same side and I realized I needed to return them for a replacement . I figured this was a design flaw but I liked them enough to try another pair . Lo and behold , the same thing has started to happen again.I can not give an otherwise very good product a formidable rating when there was so little emphasis placed on the design and durability factor of a headset that costs over $ 100 . Now I just want a refund so I can purchase a Motorola HT820 and DC800 adapter . At least it looks like Motorola thought about making a product that can be used without having to worry about it breaking on them every time they wear it .
 Got the headset and paired it with my new computer . Could hear just fine , but the microphone was not picking up any sound . The documentation sent with the headset was useless as was the Plantronics web site . So I called and talked to a Platronics service representative . Told the representative the problem and was told he did n't know what was wrong , end of conversation . Put the headset back in the package and sent it back . Until Plantronics gets customer service people that do more than tell you they do n't know and hang up , I wo n't be buying again .
 As previously mentioned there is a lag of approx . .5 sec . I purchased these for use when practicing playing a guitar . Hitting a string and then hearing the sound .5 seconds later made my otherwise poor playing that much worse and made them unusable.I tried to test them as a headset with my HP bluetooth enabled notebook as well but was unable to get them to recognize each other and I finally gave up . I did not have this problem with another bluetooth headset I have.Tech . support at Plantronics was less than helpful . They insisted the lag was normal and typical of all wireless headphones.If all you need them for is to listen to music they may suffice . But consider the audio lag if you want them for any other purpose .
 At first the Pulsar 590A looks and sounds very good once you get over the hefty price tag . Was unable to pair with my brandnew integrated bluetooth computer . Customer Service claims they only deal with pairing with phones and not computers and the headset is NOT suppose to be compatable with computers . mmmm makes you think . If i wanted a mobile headset only , why would i go stereo?So still using the adapter and not my integrated bluetooth , even after hours and hours of research , and reinstallations , setting changes etc.After two months i noticed small cracks in the plastic cover on the LH . Then all hell breaks lose . Small pieces start falling out and the cover just disintegrates . Today the same happened to the RH cover . The pressure from the black headband on the covers are to big for the plastic to hold out . Major design flaw imo.After talking to Customer service again , the resolve is that i send the complete unit back to the supplier in the States at my cost , and have him replace it , at which time i need to pay customs again not knowing if the replacement will last longer that three months . At which time the unit price will be in excess of $ 400 . I think i will rather buy a new cordless top of the line headset from a different manufacturer .
 I 've had two of these , and both have broken in the same way during the course of normal wearing and use.The way the headset adjusts for head size puts pressure on the plastic sleeve holding the midpiece in place ... this plastic is thin , and eventually breaks under the stress.At that point , the sleeve ca n't hold the midpiece in place , and the earpiece/sleeve is able to fall freely ... the only thing holding them together now is the wire that runs between each earpiece.Additionally , the end of the midpiece sticks out where the plastic sleeve used to be , and one can no longer slide it back in easily as it gets caught up instead of being held in place.This is a serious design flaw that never should have gotten through product testing . The Pulsar 590 should be remanufactured , and free replacements sent to those who purchased the flawed versions.Any class-action lawyers looking for a case?Don ' t buy this headset unless you want to be trying to return it in a month or two .
 The cost is low -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- and they sent it quickly . I charged the battery fully right after I received it . I did n't make any phone calls but it became low after only two days . It is worse than the one I intended to replace.For 10 dollars I do n't even want to waste time to send it back . Just do n't buy things from this place anymore .
 This headset is worthless . I too am constantly having people that I 'm talking to complaining about the large amount of noise generated by this device . I can not hear it but they can.Incoming sound is not bad , clear and fairly loud . The outgoing sound is so bad that sometimes the person on the other end of the call ca n't understand what you are saying which makes this product virtually unusable.Don ' t waste your money on this thing .
 Pro
 when i bought it said brand new in box , but when i recive the item is in a plastic bag , doesnt look brand new to me !
 I purchased this headset Friday 12/2/2005 from the Alltell office . I used it for the first time on Monday 12/12/2005 . Pros
 Be forewarned - even though Kensington promotes this tip as compatible with LG cell phones , it 's not compatible with all models . We have a UX355 and a UX245 , and it does n't work with either phone .
 This tip does not fit my LG VX4650 phone . The seller really needs to inform which LG phones this tip fits .
 Since this is called a `` travel '' charger - you would expect that it would be used to charge your phone in a car - WRONG ! This charger plugs into a regular wall socket . But how would you know that if you ca n't see a photo of the item ? And since there is a photo missing , I should think that Amazon would have included a much more complete description of this item - saving me the time and trouble of returning it - since an exact replica of this item was included with my phone !
 This came with my phone ... and I really like the phone , but this charger is one cheap piece of crap . I 've gone through two of these , and now just use the car adapter charger instead .
 ANTOnline sent a Lenmar battery were the case was barley held together by scotch tape on both ends once I open the package . The box was smashed but packaging was not . Emailed right away as instructed and waited for RMA or contact back . No response . Tried again plus tried calling but still no response so then I emailed Amazon . Amazon gave me a full refund after their investigation of the problem . Thank you Amazon .
 This is the 2nd time I have purchased this item - I loved my 1st one . It was a great holster ; I only replaced it because the elastic siding was wearing out & making my blackberry slide out much too easily . I dropped it on several occasions because it would slide out of the case . But it took it over 2 years of daily wear to get to that point - so I considered it a really good product & ordered another one . This time the price was about a third of what I had initially paid . Unfortunately - the quality is definitely sub-par . After less than 3 months , the clip feels loose & the inside covering is peeling apart in 2 places and exposing my blackberry to a gummy residue . At the price - it 's not worth sending it back . I would have rather paid more & gotten a quality product like I did the first time . I ca n't help but wonder if this is just a lemon or is it counterfeit ?
 It took 2 weeks to receive the wrong item . I sent an e-mail to customer service and it was another 2 days before they responded . They did fix the mistake , quickly sending the correct item and a return label for the incorrect item . The case itself is great ; very secure.One caution , I have been keeping my Pearl in the case full time for about a week and I 'm now noticing a dark spot on the screen where the magnetic closure may have affected the screen 's pixels . My recommendation would be to keep the pearl in the case as little as possible -LRB- only when it 's on your belt -RRB- .
 I purchased 2 of these and they both suffered the same fate
 I am now in the process of ordering my third one of these , which is a testament to how much I like them . This case is really sleek looking and I love the fact that it automatically puts the BlackBerry into sleep mode . My first one lasted almost a year before the swivel clip broke off . My second one was ordered April 28 , and here it is June 27 and the clip already broke . I told my brother about this excellent holster and he is already on his third one in 6 months.I love the functionality and style of this holster , but it seems the quality is not there in the way the clip attaches to the case . I suggest ordering at least two so you have a backup when the first one breaks .
 I purchased this product and it was great for about a month . The other day I was getting out of my car and the clip broke off from my belt . The phone fell into the street and was destroyed by oncoming traffic . I 'm out a $ 400.00 phone because of the cheap plastic used in this product . If your looking for durability look elsewhere .
 Not worth the money . Under normal use , wearing it on my belt :--RRB- duh , it broke in less than a month . The plastic pin that allows you to swivel the holster is the weak link . The case itself is great , soft leather but the cheap plastic swivel design is poor . Go buy a Blackberry Silicone Skin case instead to protect the blackberry and then pick up an after market cheap holster at Wal Mart and you 'll be much happier . .
 this case is really tight -LRB- for my pearl 8100 -RRB- and bulky . I switched back to the original case i got with the phone . The material on the sides -LRB- rough PE -RRB- is abrasive enough that it leaves fine lines on the phone when you pull the phone in and out of this case . Do n't be too dazzled by the leather on the front and back like the other users .
 I got this for 4.99 from a private seller Not Amazon . THIS THINGS ANCIENT and weighs 5 pounds . I thought of buying more and connecting them all to a bar to make a homeade weight lol . I will always go Amazon.com from now on . I click on the seller Amazon.con b4 I ever buy anything now after this . Oh and Amazon refunded me ... not the seller . Freakn thing turns your phone or tablet off when u plug it in ... Bad buy .
 I was sent the wrong item . Unfortunately , the merchant did n't have the charger on the picture and my phones remain dead .
 I bought the earbuds for my daughter 's LG Shine cell phone . Upon arrival I quickly determined they would not work on her phone , but do work on mine . I kept them for myself because I might use them someday and it 's not worth returning a 12 dollar item , but I do wish they would have told me they do n't work on all LG phones .
 I want to be really fair , Krusell makes very high quality cases , but this phone is just a pain to make case for.This Krusell case fits very well , however , because the BB has microphone underneath the key pads the plastic cover on this case will make you sound very muffled and weak . This phone does n't have a `` microphone opening '' like other phones , so the only way to expose the mic is not to have a case . I have received complaints from customers and coworkers that I sound horrible . The thickness of the case makes it very difficult to use the thumbwheel . Overall , this case will degrade the functionality of the phone .
 The Krusell Classic Multidatp case for Blackberry 7130e looks good . However , it is seriously lacking in what is the most important feature - access to the trackwheel . The cutout which allows access to the trackwheel is entirely too small - and I am a female with very small fingers . I plan to return this case and instead invest in screen guards and carrying case .
 Received clip . Box says Compatible with Motorola L7082 L7089 120 phones . Does n't work with my v60 phone ...
 This is an Amazon scam ! The clip is not for the V60 or V60i phones . There is no way you can mount your phone on the clip.The box claims the clip is for the L7082 , L7089 and 120 phones.So Amazon gets your money , you get a usless clip that would cost you more to return , than it cost to buy . Nice little scam.I wonder do they ever read these reviews . I wish I had , I took them at their word .
 Unfortunately , I did not read the other review prior to ordering this item . This DOES NOT WORK and it is n't worth the postage or effort to send back to Amazon .
 It was fully charged when it arrived , which told me it was n't fresh and new . It works , but loses its charge after a day or so - much faster than a brand-new battery .
 The clip design is big and clunky , and there 's a little tab that keeps the phone from rotating that broke after a couple weeks . I 'm surprised that quality was this bad coming Motorola , I 'd recommend looking for an aftermarket clip , it ca n't be any worse .
 I 'm on my second one of these , because the click-tab on the first one broke . It 's not more than a month later , and this one has broken the same way . Six dollars may not be much money , but it should buy me a higher quality product than this . And I ca n't get the clip separately from the holster . If I could get them separately , I would just buy ten of the clips at two bucks a pop , because it is n't the holster that keeps breaking !
 Although it works well for a phone holster , and I still use it today , mine broke just a few months after purchase . Poor quality , but it gets the job done .
 I 'm giving this product 2 stars because Eforcity shipped quickly and when I emailed them about the inability of the battery to hold a charge for very long they quickly shipped a replacement free of charge . Good customer service . Unfortunately , the second battery exhibits the same behavior , holding a charge -- with extremely light phone use -- for about half the time the original Motorola battery did . So I strongly suspect these are not real Motorola batteries , or they are simply too old to work properly .
 Please note this comes without an AC adapter . So all you 're getting is a plastic thing to sit on your desk . The stooooopid clock is n't even powered by the AC adapter -LRB- yours , came with the phone or purchased separately . -RRB- I acually use mine just to hold the end of my charger on my desk at work . When I want to charge my phone , I unplug the AC connection from the back and plug it straight into my phone . Saves me from digging around under my desk at least.You 're better off just buying an extra AC adapter and some tape .
 - they had n't designed it to attach to your phone with a coiled wire . why not just a shorter straight wire ? i wanted a retractable thing so that i would n't have to fight with the wire anymore . i 'm still fighting it.-it were n't as big as my phone-the earbud were n't so delicate . the only reason i 'm still using it is because , after the first one i bought utterly failed after about 10 minutes of use ... and i argued with customer service for an hour or two , sent it back to nokia , and demanded my money back ... they then sent me a new one . this one still works after a year ... but i 'm careful with it when i argue with the wire .
 These do n't work with Nokia cell phones . After reading many reviews of other headsets , others do n't seem reliable either .
 The title says it all . I do n't even use it and driving with a cell phone is against the law in CA .
 Nokia phones , as a rule , do not work with ` standard ' plug accessories . Even though after-market manufacturers frequently advertise that their headsets and other appliances are compliant with most Nokia models - most are not . If you look closely at the plug on most ` universal ' plug in appliances , you will see TWO narrow black rings around the metal pole that is the plug . On Nokia , plugs with THREE bands are required and , generally speaking , these are made by and available from ONLY Nokia . Most/all after market brands are the ` universal type ' and have the correct width plug , but with only the two bands - and these things just do n't work with Nokias - I have purchased and returned enough of them to know this as a fact.To further complicate the situation , all Nokia accessories do not work correctly on all Nokia phones - even the same model phone will sometimes accept a particular accessories and sometimes not . This Headset is one such device . Because we only want phones , not cameras , video machines , internet access or voice mail - my wife and I use Nokia 's simplest GSM phone , the 6010 . We actually have three of them in the family . We bought three of these headsets and found that it works perfectly on one of them , intermittently on the second and not at all on the third . All three phones are identical , were purchased at the same time and work perfectly.I infer from this experience two things . 1 -RRB- The Nokia brand makes it 's adapters differently enough so that no after-market -LRB- less expensive -RRB- brands that you might buy for use on most other cell phones will work on Nokias -LRB- smart manufacturing integration , I suppose - but not especially customer friendly -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- that even with their own branded accessories , their functionality is inconsistent.Nokia makes good phones - but owning one locks you in to using their own accessories - some of which work quite well , some intermittently and others not at all . Let the buyer beware - or be prepared to spend the time , effort and cost of returning things . I would n't buy a Nokia again if only for this reason .
 The product description on Amazon 's web page indicates that this headset is compatible with the Nokia 2600 phone . So I ordered two of them together , but neither one worked with my Nokia 2600 . Since the seller would only refund my purchase price and original shipping charges , I had to pay the return shipping costs myself . So I 'm now back to square one with no headset for my phone -- and with less money in the bank than before . The only reason I 'm giving this headset one star is because I was n't able to proceed with my review unless I rated it at least one star !
 This is listed as working with the Nokia 2600 cellphone . It does not . Buy beware !
 I researched and ordered the Nokia Boom Headset -LRB- HDB-5 -RRB- for the Nokia 2600 , which was suppose to work for the Nokia 2600 . Upon receiving it I was very disappointed because when I would plug it into my Nokia 2600 it kept coming up with the message ` enhancement not supported ' . I tried everything to get it to work -LRB- including taking it over to my cell phone store and asking them if I was doing something wrong -RRB- . They could n't even come up with an answer . You need to take the Boom Headset -LRB- HDB-5 -RRB- off of the list of enhancements for the Nokia 2600 , because it does not work for that model . As you can see it gets a very low rating from me , since it did n't work for my cell phone . Your list of enhancements is very misleading and right now I have no hands off device for my Nokia 2600 because of your misleading list .
 This would be a great little headset , but mine has a poor connection near the phone end that makes static when the wire moves . There is also a problematic hang-up switch on the boom ; it 's problematic because I often press it and end the call while I 'm putting the thing on my ear .
 I used this headset frequently for about 6 weeks . It did n't hold up and the microphone quit . Probably a wire pulled apart under stress -LRB- bending , stretching , taking off my jacket ? -RRB- . I did n't get ripped off , since I only paid $ 5.54 , but I got what I paid for . Ed
 I was very disappointed in this item . What kind of earphones come with one earbud ? It does n't make sense . And worst of all , the discription didnt even mention that they only came with one earbud . Dont waste your time with this product .
 This headset will last for a few months if you baby it . They 're cheap so buy a half dozen , so you can throw them out as they stop working .
 Although the description said that this earbud was for the Nokia 6350 , it was not . Was not able to connect when inserted into the plug . Had to return them .
 My experience with this accessory is making dislike the Nokia brand even more . Why ca n't they just make an earpiece that works on ALL Nokia phones ? But no , that would be too easy and customers would not be forced to buy new accessories when they upgrade their phones . Anyhow , I did an Amazon search for my phone model and this one was the first to pop up on the list when sorted by relevance , so I assumed it would work on my phone . What a stupid mistake . Maybe I should have done more due diligence and read the whole description list , but when something not compatible pops up FIRST that is deceiving .
 The first headset had so much static that it was unusable . Replacement sent at no charge , same problem . Gave up . The company was great to work with , but the product is a piece of junk !
 I bought this so called extended battery for longer stanby time with my phone . Boy was I disappointed ! This battery is supposed to be a Nokia but there is No way it is !! This piece of garbage NEVER EVER held a charge more than 2 days ! My old used battery I already had in my phone held a charge for at least 4 days over this `` Extended battery!Do yourself a Huge favor and buy a replacement battery from a cellphone dealer and NOT from Amazon . com.These batteries are worthless junk and are almost like A Cheap Knock off !!! Buyer be very aware !! I only wish Amazon had a slot for NO STARS !!
 This battery is recycled from the used cell phone . The power can not be hold even for one day .
 Advertised as brand new , the battery arrived in a semi-sealed plastic enclosure , but it wo n't hold a charge . It is definitely used . I got ripped off , and do not recommend this seller .
 Two Loops are provided with the head set . The loops are made of hard plastic . Both broke in the same place within 2 weeks . Nothing is provided to put the head set in . Voice recognition is very sensitive any change in tone the name is not recognised . Hearing conversations is good . Volume buttons are little small to use .
 The microphone howls as soon as the phone connects to thenetwork . Works great for games or radio .
 I thought this case was going to be made specifically for a Nokia 3650 phone with a clear opening to see the screen and have a little hole for the camera to shoot pictures . This case is nothing of the sort , you can not operate the phone until you remove it from the case .
 I was so excited when I received my package , to my disappointment it was not even close to what I imagine.like your other customer from newark , I thought this case will have a clear opening to see the screen and have a little hole for the camera lens.I ` am a very busy Mom with five children.I dont think I would even have time to remove my cell phone from the case to make a call .
 Worthless ... totally agree with other 1 star reviews . Anyone know where to get one that allows you to use the phone WHILE it is in the case ? Amazon shoul n't even carry this piece of junk .
 I bought a replacement battery for my phone here for $ 10 -LRB- instead of from nokia for $ 50 -RRB- . The one i received had scuff marks like it had been used and it 's life is hardly better than the one i was replacing with it . I have to be sure to charge it every two days or it will suddenly be dead . lame .
 The new battery I purchased does n't seem as good as the original one , it needs to be charged more frequently , although the price was low I think the quality is low too .
 I purchased a new battery for my phone because the old one needed recharging after 3 or 4 days - well this brand new one needs recharging after only 2 days - it sucks big time . I ended using my old one again because it lasts longer .
 I received this battery in good time with prompt shipping . Unfortunately , it was worse than the battery I was replacing . I got approximately 4 to 6 hours of life on standby primarily ! I asked if this was refurbished or with an old manufacture date and was told it was new with a 2009 manufacture date.The company was responsive and professional and promptly sent me another battery . The replacement was just as bad as the first . I received a refund without a problem . I ordered this battery through another company as well and received another piece of junk too!Unfortunately , I have to use another phone since I ca n't find a good battery . Anybody have any ideas -LRB- other than a $ 50 battery -RRB- ?
 I thought buying OEM would be better than one of the clones . This battery is n't any better than the original battery that came with my phone 2 years ago . I do n't use my phone much , but I 'm having to recharge this battery every other day . I did n't make a good choice on this one .
 This battery did n't last any longer than the old battery that it replaced . I tried several charge-and-drain cycles to try to make it last longer that about 24 hours , but to no avail . Company said it would reimburse my credit card .
 The battery does n't last long . It is a Chinese product and does n't look like an original Nokia battery . But that 's what you get when you pay $ 3 including delivery ! That 's why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 .
 I bought 2 units Nokia Lithium Ion 1000mA Battery for Nokia 6300/8200 andreceived a Nokia BLB-3 that does not fot on the my cel phonesRegardsDavid Lebed
 The material this is made of just does not hold up when thrown in a purse all the time . The material frays all over the place and looked tacky within a month or two . I did not contact the manufacturer -LRB- I guess I should have -RRB- and just threw it in a bag for Goodwill . I would not recommend this for others !
 I just realized that I have the S710 not the S710 VOX . Everything else remains the same.I have never written a review but I hate this phone so much I had to write it , I take care of my electronics and I am so angry that I have this phone . I bought this phone about 5 months ago . Let me list the reasons why this phone is the worst tech investment ever :1 . Sometimes my mail downloads , sometimes not .2 . When it does download , sometimes the whole message downloads , sometimes it downloads partially although my settings are for the full message .3 . And now i am getting an error message about low storage space that pops up every few minutes even though i have deleted almost everything on the phone .4 . This phone is a POWER HOG ! One minute its fully charged , the next hours , maybe not even a whole day it 's dead . And I have power saving settings on .5 . If you enter 3 numbers for the same contact , the name shows up 3 times , not just once w / 3 numbers connected to it .6 . I e-mailed HTC tech help DAYS ago about the memory alert and I have not gotten any response yet.AND I know someone else who got a touchscreen HTC at the same time that I got this phone . His touch screen already has stopped working . And he also takes care of his phone.I just want to trash this phone with a bat but it costs $ 400.00 ! Although this phone has nice features , it is not easy to use and for the hassle that it is , it 's not worth the money . HTC is not ready for prime time ! Instead , get a blackberry , an i-phone , get a wire and two cups ... anything else but an HTC . Or you 'll be very sorry .
 This phone seemed soooooo awesome out of the box ! It looks bodacious ! It feels like high quality . You turn it on and its easy to use , sounds good , and has a great speakerphone.But here are a couple problems I had with the phone ... Poor reception ! About 3 or 4 times in the first 2 weeks of owning this phone , my reception would cut out for hours at a time no matter where I was in town.ALARM PROBLEMS !!! I set an alarm for everyday when I wake up . Well I switched shifts so I disable the alarm on the phone ... but it still would n't shut off !!! Every day it went off at the same time no matter how many times I deleted the alarm ! and if the phone is locked it 's very hard to shut the alarm off before you want to throw the phone against the wall ... . Also it would activate the alarm about 50 times in the same moment , causing the device to freeze and no way to reset it , unless you take the battery out . WHICH CAN BE VERY FRUSTRATING when you 're trying to sleep in.I have read in online posts that this has happens to lots of S710 owners.Everything else is great ! good wi-fi , calls , etc. .
 RMA ACCESSORIES send this product to phones that are not compatible with it , and it creates a bad image for the product
 I did n't even have it a month before the material on the inside came apart . I hardly used it .
 I was disappointed when this arrived . Although the A900 fits in it fine , the white stitching on the pouch makes the case very cheap looking -LRB- think NY purse knock-offs -RRB- . I ca n't honestly recommend this product .
 I have no idea whether the product is any good , because I never received it . It took Webtreo several days to respond when I emailed them that the battery had not arrived by the end of the scheduled delivery period . They did say they would ship another battery . That second shipment never arrived . The first one did , finally , a couple of weeks later -LRB- I know it was the first one because of an ID number on the shipping label supplied by Webtreo after my original order -RRB- . However , it was the wrong battery . The shipping list in the package had the right battery listed , but the battery did not fit my phone and information on the battery itself identified it as a different battery . Webtreo never responded to my email about sending the wrong battery . Amazon , however , did refund my money .
 The price is too good to be true . These are not Siemens batteries .
 Received this belt clip today after a 6 week wait -LRB- ordered on August 4th -RRB- . It finally shows up today , and it 's not the right one for use with a Siemens S56 !!! The box says it 's compatible with the L56 series and also the M46 and S46.The Siemens part number for this item IS L36880-N5601-A125 , just as Amazon indicates . However , it 's NOT compatible with the S56 !! Basically , if you look at your S56 , you 'll see the two little holes on the sides where the clip is supposed to attach . The `` arms '' of this belt clip are way too long . They were meant to reach around the sides of the phone to little holes on the front half of a phone , not the back half where the mounting holes are on the S56.If you 've ordered this for the S56 and waited as long as I have , you 're in for a disappointment . Shipping this one back to Amazon tomorrow ...
 The Good : Great PriceStylishProtects the phone when you drop -LRB- and boy have I -RRB- Easy access to phoneThe Bad : Does not stay on my belt ! For an active person -LRB- I am in the IT department of my company -RRB- this case comes off way to easily . The way it secures is not by having your belt run through the clip by merely sliding it over your belt . This is ok for people who tend not to be on the move . But as I drive a lot , as well as move/lift/climb over/crawl under many things , this clip comes off way to easily.Does not allow chargin of the phone while in its holster . -LRB- Yeah I know it takes a second to pop it out , but I am always on the go -RRB- Summary : For an active user this is 2 stars , for a non active user this is a 4 star device .
 I also have a problem with this holster not staying on my person . Although , my problem with the holster is that I have it clipped to my belt but the holster sometimes comes off by itself and I blame this on the design . All you have to do to get the case off is turn it 90 degrees and pull up . I have a PDA case with a similar design but it requires you to push a lever to have the case come off and it has never accidentally come of because of that lever . I have had the Siemens case come off many times when I was sitting and yesterday it came off on the street when I was reaching for something . It 's a good thing a good samaritan found my phone and contacted me or else I would be out a phone . This is a good case if you do n't plan on keeping the case on your belt but if you do I would look for something else . I currently have a Krusell case on order to replace this one . After yesterday 's incident I do n't plan on using it anymore .
 I had bought this as I wanted a phone that could take pictures , and it was advertized as being able to play mp3s , optional additional memory chip , etc. . Sure , it is a decent enough phone , and build quality appears to be good , and it sure looks cool ... those are the good features . For mine , I had to buy the phone tools software seperately -LRB- found at Amazon marketplace for 1 $ -RRB- , in order to upload/download from the phone , and it can not connect to the phone via usb due to driver issues . I have d/l drivers from motorola site and pc will never connect or even charge reliably , and sure can not sync my contact list with it , guess I will have to send an hour entering the numbers manually . I never had issues with my old Nokia 6015 with this . Not a pc newbie . It just appears to be a lot of trouble to even bother with it . I am not using Verizon , but a small regional company . It is just a cool looking telephone only for me , and has me wishing I had done my homework better before ordering . The place to put the memory chip is inside the phone beneath the battery ... which is pretty much a pain , too . The USB transfer rate is HORRIBLE , so much so that using it for mp3 player podcasts is useless ... would take almost s long to transfer the files to the phone as to listen to them .
 I used this piece for 5 months and now I DONT like it . . people just can not hear me on the other end - the volume adjustments are a joke . The body is sleek and smooth . I dropped the phone once and the front screen has a big crack now . . The reception is not good . My husband has a sanyo phone and it works perfectly when my razor doesnt even catch the signal . . There is no ring + vibrate option , i miss that option.If you still want to buy it , buy a leather case and a blue tooth to compensate for the fragile body and bad volume and deal with the signal issues : -RRB-
 PROs
 I started my Verizon account with 4 razors . All had the same problems and none were recalled . You can count on the front screen glass breaking . The our phones were not durable and all have been replaced . BAD PHONE CHOICE . I always liked Motorola until now . I will never buy a Motorola product again . AND ... Verizon was no help . After a month the phone broke and I had to file an insurance claim because it was not honored by warranty because they use the date of your first phone . Buyers Beware . Ask lots of questions .
 ... even if they pay me ... for the simple fact that I ca n't download my photos from this phone -LRB- V3m -RRB- using my USB cable or Bluetooth without addl software I have to pay for ! The manufacturer must be really hurting for money to be milking its unsuspecting victims -LRB- like myself -RRB- this way . May they go out of business.Addendum
 Some quick commentsFirst dont get the Verizon car charger . Mine had a tag on the cord which indicated that it must be disconnected after the phone is charged . Maybe to prevent battery overcharging ? Useless for me on long trips ! Verizon charger was over $ 30.00 . At Staples a Motorola charge which can be left connected was less than $ 16.00 . I use a Palm Pilot alot and can dial via Bluetooth phone numbers on other cell phones . This does not work on V3m . Also simple sending of contact information did not work . A quick look for software to connect V3m to Outlook or the Palm for daily schedules resulted in nothing . To connect the V3m to PC via USB appears to require a $ 30.00 package from Verizon.The V3m does NOT have a standard wired hands free connector on the phone . I did get a `` converter '' which I have not tested but even if it does the phone does not support both the charger and wired hands free at the same time . The converter may only be for headphones but even if it works with headphones it another thing to carry around or lose.Voice dialing does work great and speaker phone is good .
 This phone looks nice and the size and weight is the only thing I like about this phone . I bought this phone 4 months ago and I regret buying it . The battery life sucks -LRB- had to charge everyday -RRB- and there is not much feature . Seems like Motorola pushed this model to promote VCast , not the phone!Look for something else if you are planning on getting a new phone.Goodluck
 I bought this phone with a one-year plan . I had an existing month-to-month plan with Verizon . Amazon assured me that although I would get a new phone number with the new phone , a simple call to Verizon would get my existing cell phone number switched to the new phone.WRONG . Verizon told me that they could never do that . So essentially Amazon customer service screwed me over . I will never trust them again.You might get by this problem by switching to a prepaid plan .
 If you need just cool looking phone this is the item you 're looking for.Cons : - There is a limit of 15 secods to capture video , why ? - You can not take any music you like and set it as a ringtone - Synchronize your pictures and videos is blocked -LRB- you can get them by sending via email for 25 cents per picture -RRB- . - Verizon sell the phone w/o the software . But if you buy one it wo n't work . Do n't waste your money . - Programming keypad -LRB- the only down arrow key can be reprogrammed -RRB- - For almost everything -LRB- ringtones , apps , etc. -RRB- you have to pay . If you 're a parent think about it !!! - Useless card slot for micro SD card because you can not transfer any files from your computer without taking it out from your phone - You can not synchronize just any file for backup purposes from your computer - Anything else you 're trying beyond `` cool looking phone `` Also it is good to mention some ludicrous features such as : - Vcast , tried for 1 month for curiosity . Number of channels is extremely limited and you have to have a very good reception -LRB- i.e. you can not watch it in your car most of the time -RRB- - Get it now , what you can get from there ? - Chaperone , tried for 2 weeks . Requires `` special '' Shrek-shaped chaperone-only phone for you kid with 4 buttons and a lot of airtime.Mediocre features -LRB- 2 items -RRB- - VZ navigator with GPS -LRB- you will pay 2.99 per 24 hours -RRB- - You can make it work to synchronize music from your PC with some extra efforts -LRB- some info you can find here - -LSB- ... -RSB- Pros -LRB- only 1 item -RRB- : - cool looking phone and it is Motorola qualityPlease note , that nothing wrong with the phone itself . Just all useful features are blocked , and what is left augmented with something you not gon na use or pay for .
 DO NOT BUY A CELL PHONE FROM AMAZON !!! I bought this phone on Dec 15th , they delayed my ship date from the one promised when I placed the order so I had to call them and change shipping to 2nd day so I can get it by Xmas . They charged me extra . Then after I received the phone I found out the pictures are terrible , it comes out blurry and washed out.I called Amazon to try to get them to upgrade my phone . I was willing to pay extra . I just get the run around . Amazon blames Verizon , Verizon says call Amazon , and so on.DO NOT BUY A CELL PHONE FROM AMAZON !
 Simple put , The Razr is one of worst & best phones I 've ever purchased . I purchased one for me and one for my wife . For a point of reference , my first phone was a Motorola Analog Startac in 1995 . I 'll lay out the good and bad , and let you decide for yourself.GoodVoice recognition - works very well.Layout and size - Button layout is good and size if great.Screen - Good size and resolutionCamera - Works well if you can get past the Verizon bs to get the pictures off the camera.Audio Quality - Good and good reception.BadSlow - OMG ! This phone is so slow . Agonizing slow . Hit menu and wait 3 to 4 seconds for it to come up . Yeah that 's right , 4 seconds , I just timed it.Battery - If you plan on talking on this phone , then you need to charge every night . If you talk during the day , charge it when your not on it.Ring - No ring and vib . Only ring or vib.This phone has a lot going for it , but the speed of the menu functions makes all the bells and whistles a distraction .
 This is the worst phone I have ever owned ... and I 've had many . Sure , it 's cute and light , but the phone is constantly dropping calls , gets TERRIBLE reception , decides not to ring when it feels like it and the battery life is about 36 hours with no talking and about 24 hours if you talk for about 1-2 hours -LRB- in battery save mode -RRB- . I certainly would NOT recommend this phone to anyone . I had a Motorola before this which was absolutely wonderful , even after I dropped it in my dog 's water dish ! I thought this phone would be equally as great , but I 'm very disappointed !! With my old phone I had perfect reception everywhere in my apartment , now I have to stand by the window and most times this phone wo n't ring in the apartment at all.The things that I do like over my old phone is the option to have true tones and it takes better pictures . Not worth it though ! Think twice before buying this phone !
 Admittedly , I do n't use a tenth of the bells and whistles that this phone is supposed to have , I just want a phone . In that category , the Razor V3M falls horribly short.When the battery life in my LG4600 crept down to about half what it once was , I finally had an excuse to get a better looking , and hopefully better performing phone . The sales lady convinced me that the Razor was the best out there , so that 's what I got . I was horrified to find that the brand new Razor battery lasted less than the half-strength LG that I had just gotten rid of !!! Pro 's :1 -RRB- It 's a great looking phone . Of course , now EVERYONE has one in some form or another , so even that 's not much of a pro now .2 -RRB- Great big display ! Very nice.Con 's :1 -RRB- MUCH worse reception than most phones I 've had , just about everywhere I go .2 -RRB- The battery life .3 -RRB- Tinny-sounding speaker .4 -RRB- Unlike just about every phone out there , you have to take it out of the plastic belt-clippy thing to open it for use , or charge it .5 -RRB- Not loud enough . I sometimes have to put it on ` speaker phone ' , just to hear what 's being said .6 -RRB- Terribly user-unfriendly and counter-intuitive navigation menu . -LRB- 8 selections to just initiate a text message ?!? PLEASE ! -RRB- In fairness , that may just be Verizon , not the V3M .7 -RRB- Impossible to tuck between your shoulder and ear . In fact , even when holding , you have to ` fold ' the phone a little bit to get it close enough to both your mouth and ear . Not the least bit ergonomic .8 -RRB- WIMPY vibrate , even with full battery charge .
 Pictures taken with this phone can be useless if you use Verizon Wireless . As other reviews point out , Verizon requires you to use its photo download service - you ca n't transfer files using Bluetooth or USB . That 's annoying , but it 's just the tip of the iceberg - Verizon has actually made it IMPOSSIBLE to get some of your pictures off the camera . That 's because the phone takes pictures , apparently even using the default settings , that sometimes exceed the file size limit imposed by Verizon . For example , I have pictures -- including pictures of a graduation where I had forgotten my `` real '' camera -- that Verizon tells me ca n't be printed , ca n't be uploaded to the web , and ca n't be sent to anyone else . They are locked in my phone because Verizon has disabled file transfer software to prevent customers from , for example , buying ring tones from someone other than Verizon . So , to lock in ring tone sales , Verizon has locked my pictures in my phone . Compounding the problem , Verizon has n't told its customer service personnel , or its technical support staff , who seem to be under instructions to blame Motorola . I wasted hours talking to Verizon people -- both in person at their repair office , and at their customer service line -- before finding out the truth on-line and getting someone at Verizon who admitted what 's really going on . This would be a good phone , but Verizon has ruined it . If you want to use this phone as a camera , make sure you have a wireless provider that will let you access the photos you take .
 A general warning about Verizon phones . The coverage is good but the customer service is the terrible . If you choose to do business with verizon get everything in writing and keep good records because they lie and cant find records until you find them and suddenly they magically appear in their records . This has happened to me several times .
 Overall this is a bad phone . The main reason I purchased it was because it 's very thin and has no antenna . The reception is good and voices come in clear both ways . This is where the positives stop . The worst aspect of the phone is the poor battery life . I have even disabled EVDO so it wo n't switch between it and 1x when moving around town -LRB- which drains the battery -RRB- . The Verizon software makes the phone useless . You can not have the phone ring and vibrate at the same time , you can not change the horrible wallpaper on the front LCD , and you can not change the color scheme from red . Verizon has also disabled the use of Motorola Phone Tool , which enables you to put your own ringtones and media on the phone . You are forced to purchase media from the VCast service . Even if you would n't normally use media on your phone , you should object to this because of principal . It 's corporate greed at its finest and Verizon is preventing you from using the full capabilities of your purchase.It does have a decent camera , but it 's functionality is limited . It takes video clips , but nothing over 15 seconds . There are sites that tell you how to hack the phone , but it 's not worth the time and risk of ruining the phone.The pluses
 My battery ca n't hold a charge and my phone freezes up at least once a day and I have to either shut it off or disconnect the battery . It 's no good and you should purchase something else .
 Verizon has disabled transferring files -LRB- wallpaper , ringtones etc. -RRB- to and from the phone , forcing you to pay extra for their services . If you want a full-featured razr , switch providers .
 I am really mad ! I was impressed with the looks of the phone and the Motorolla name ; after all they invented the cell phone . But Moto is going the way of GM , to the brink of bankruptcy and they deserve to lose us - their customers . The phone quality is unusually bad . The worst thing is the very short battery life . You must have a charger in the car or anywhere you go . If you are in a place of no reception -LRB- inside a large building -RRB- the phone dies in 4-5 hours . If you have good reception , the phone would live for 1-1 .5 days . But wait , that 's not all . The camera is so bad it is useless . Fuzzy and dark . Besides , there is no way to download the pix anyway without letting Verizon rip you off . But wait , that 's not all . The phone has music capability but you can not use it because battery life is too short . Though anyway , no musing without paying Verison rip off money . But wait , that 's not all . The software is so full of bugs it is simply unfinished . For example , if the alarm goes off and you are not there to stop , it will go until the phone dies . Normal phones stop after a minute . The calendar is also very `` buggy '' to use . Voice recognition is a also a waist of time.The one and only good thing is the GPS , but this is not specific to Motorolla and costs $ 10 per month.To summarize , avoid Motorolla and forget Verizon .
 My husband is on his third RAZR phone -- the first one just stopped working after a while and the second died about a day after the warranty expired . The replacement was not free and required a contract extension . It 's nice looking , small functions reasonably intuitively , and the bluetooth earpiece is nice , but it 's a pretty fussy little thing . When I use it , I find I ca n't hear the caller it unless I have it positioned at just the right angle to my ear and I spend half the conversation looking for that sweet spot and asking people to repeat things . Also , some of the screen pixels seem to go sort of semi dead so that they look a bit greyed out at certain angles . For the price of this phone , I 'm not very impressed .
 I was hoping to use this as both a phone and as a MP3 player on my commute to and from work . While I like the design and functioning of the phone , I am very disappointed with it as a media device . I just destroyed a recently purchased 1gig Micro SD Card trying to remove it from the V3 slot . There is no way to get my music collection to and from my computer other than transfering this type card between my PC and the V3 . The design and location of the Micro SD slot on the V3 is just awful . Any tool which can get a grip the card in the V3 to help remove it can also destroy the card .
 After reading some of the reviews , I 'm on day 10 of the 15 day trial period , after sending my excellent E815 in for repair . I needed a phone ASAP . I can assur eyou all this phone is going back!I 've always liked the look and coolness of the Razr , and figured it was n't much different then the E815.Boy was I wrong!This phone is n't even in the same class ! The E815 blows it away . But thanks Verizon , what do you do with peobably the best Motorola cell phone to date ? Why of course , we cancel it!Of all fo the negatives your hearing here on Amazon -- more specifically about the phone itself , I completely concur . Battery lif eon the phone seems like you 'll get four to five calls max and then it 's ready for a charge . What 's worse is that I ca n't charge it and have an ear piece in at the same time . I know , I know , some of you are going to scream , `` Well why dont ' you go out and get a Bluetooth ? '' Well after losing my 4th Bluetooth in under 8 months , I 've decided that experiment is now over . These things are just too easy to lose if you do n't have it on your ear 365/24/7 . I for one have no need what-so-ever for V Cast , Verison 's hideous music purchasing site , I want to be able to change my icons on the damn phone I just got done spending $ 300.00 because I 'm only 9 months into my current plan . Verizon doest not allow this!So moral of the story is , while the phone is great looking , it 's just really not all that good of a phone . It 's nothing but trouble from every aspect.Good luck for those of you that do buy it !
 Phone Experience : Its light and sleek and does perform very well as basic phone , charge every 2 days not 2 times a day as I use to do with smartphone.This phone 's interfaces are so old that looks like I am using those old bulky Nokia phones specially switching from smart-phone . This is slow and very limited capabilities . Krzr seems to have lot better interfaces.Verizon Experience : At least I am not getting that many dropped calls as it was with Cingular . Its much better reception.Some things that I encountered so far are
 DO NOT buy this phone unless you 're willing to endure continuous calls from Verizon Wireless if you try to close your account.Last week , shortly after telling Verizon 's sales person I was switching to T-Mobile because their Customer Service is a disaster , I began getting three to five calls each day that hang up as soon as I answer . Doing a * 69 revealed they were coming from 1-800-470-0768 , Verizon Wireless ' number . Calling a supervisor -LRB- Jasen -RRB- resulted in an apology and him putting me on their Do Not Call list , which he says wo n't take effect for 30 days . He also said this is a `` known problem with Verizon 's auto-dialer '' for which Verizon has no solution . It 's only noon and so far today I 've gotten three calls from them , two hangups and another sales pitch to upgrade my phones and stay with Verizon Wireless.I 'd rather stick needles in my eyes .
 I initially purchased this phone through Verizon
 I wanted the Motorola RAZR for a while and I finally got one . Now , I just wish I had my old phone back . Here 's why I do n't like this phone : - buttons on the side are easy to accidentally push - the standard ringtones are terrible and you must pay for any new ones - the battery does n't stay charged for more than a couple of days - frequently used functions are not very easily accessedOverall , I had high expectations for this phone . I thought I was getting this high tech , cool new device and it 's not even as good as the simple three-year old phone I was using !
 Although this phone is nice and small I regret ever switching to it . Verizon puts the worst operating systems on their phones . I like to leave my phone on vibrate and keep it in my pocket . But this phone never stops vibrating . When a scroll down a menu , or when a miss a call or when the battery is low it just vibrates over and over . Its driving me mad !
 Unless you are a teenager with someone paying your bills , or looking to join a class-action lawsuit , this deal will be a nightmare . I bought 4 of these phones for family members and they are all going back.The RAZR is a crippled phone , now lacking key features that were built into it . Verizon claims it is BlueTooth capable , but that is misleading . It wo n't link to our computers . It was quite a frustration to discover that Verizon purposefully prevents that.Connecting it directly to a laptop , the USB cable is reduced to a battery charger . You are prohibited from transferring files either way . I take a lot of pictures . They recommended a 2GB storage card and installed it for me . Imagine my dismay when I discovered that it is impossible to transfer my image files to the computer by cable or BlueTooth . In order to get my images , I would have to pay Verizon 25 cents per image or $ 500 for a full card of images . No kidding.And if you want a non-idiotic ring tone , or anything else , you pay and pay and pay extra charges to Verizon . Go ahead and google `` razr bluetooth '' if you want to fully appreciate the horror Verizon has unleashed on its customers.Or save yourself the trouble and hair pullout , and find a better phone with a better company . The Verizon RAZR makes the iPhone look dirt cheap .
 This phone is a huge step down from the cheap old LG phone I got for free with my account ~ 3 years ago . Definitely avoid this phone entirely , or make sure that you get the updated software from a verizon store ASAP.Pros : - semi-slim profileCons : - ` slim ' profile accomplished at expense of making phone wider another way - Glossy screen has massive glare and always appears dirty - Menu navigation requires many more button presses and extraneous submenues than my older phone for no apparent benefit - Annoying alerts for missed calls , messages , etc. . . will continue until you physically open the phone and respond to them - Software was only finalized about a month ago and requires that it be updated while physically connected to a Verizon store 's computer - Phones have tendency toward battery and charger problems unless software is updated , as listed above - Poor reception and sound quality
 People who have n't used this phone ca n't understand why I dislike it so much because it is supposed to be so `` cool '' . I bought it because it was one of the only Verizon phones that seemed likely to work with my Macintosh and iSync to transfer contacts over Bluetooth . While I had mixed success in that regard there is lots of other things about this phone to not recommend it.As for the physical form ; the screen is an absolute blank outdoors in any kind of sunlight , the speaker phone key on the side is easy to accidently activate and I was constantly broadcasting my calls to everybody until I learned to be more careful , the same thing with the voice menu key on the other side , and the center select button on the 4-way navigation key is very difficult to push for anybody with fingers larger than Barbie -LRB- I had some success using my fingernails until I trimmed them -RRB- . The user interface is horrible and I wonder if anybody actually tests these things ; it can play music and take pictures but still has only one lousy field for the contact name -LRB- forget about sorting by last name or trying to keep track of a contact by their company name -RRB- , all contacts get assigned speed dials and they must be moved , not deleted -LRB- very tedious to organize and so I only did it for the first 10 or so speed dials -RRB- , you do n't know for sure what speed dial number you are calling until the call has been initiated -LRB- unlike my old phone that would display the contact before making the call ; I know they are speed dials but I do n't always remember which number I assigned -RRB- , it takes several key presses to activate `` vibrate only '' -LRB- as opposed to one convenient key press on my old phone -RRB- , get used to the `` get it now menu '' and the `` mobile web '' because most of the navigation keys manage to take you there -LRB- there is only one assignable navigation key press and it ca n't be `` recent calls '' , something I used a lot on my old , uncool phone -RRB- , backing out of menus is inconsistent -LRB- sometimes it is a soft key , sometimes the clear key , sometimes the end key -RRB- , assignments made for speed dial or custom ringtones do n't always seem to stick -LRB- for instance , the speed dial number seems to work as assigned but the `` contacts '' listing shows a different speed dial -RRB- , and the `` iTap '' predictive text entry mode is a joke -LRB- producing nothing but esperanto for my simple messages -RRB- . That is enough for now but I could go on.I was able to transfer my contacts to the phone using iSync but I did not try anything with the calendar . Besides the name limitation mentioned above , only `` mobile '' , `` home '' and `` work '' numbers are recognized -LRB- in addition to email and fax -RRB- . A subsequent sync overwrote all my speed dial assignments . Given the difficulties with that feature -LRB- see above -RRB- I do n't think I will do that again soon.The voice quality and reception are good but using this phone is frustrating .
 I do n't suggest buying this . I have a Motorola RAZR V3m Silver Phone -LRB- Verizon Wireless -RRB- and I wish I had n't gotten it.Verizon Wireless uses their proprietary software to lock away features that come standard in Motorola RAZRs . * So you ca n't get ringtones or music onto your phone unless you spend money through their proprietary V-Cast system . That 's right , no copying from your PC to your phone . * You ca n't download pictures to your computer . They suggest e-mailing it to yourself . * You ca n't upload pictures to your phone unless you -LRB- yes , you guessed it -RRB- use their service.Lastly - and I 've called and checked with their technician on this - there is NO WAY to copy all of your text messages from your phone to your PC . So if you 've been texting up a storm and you want to save them , sorry.I 've tried buying a USB plug that connects between my RAZR and my PC . I 've even purchased two different brands of software at Fry 's Electronics that 's supposed to enable you to transfer stuff easily between phone and PC . Unfortunately , they wo n't work because my RAZR is from Verizon Wireless . In fact , there are discussions on Web bulletin boards on hacking into your Verizon phone in order to disable Verizon 's software locks - just so you can get features that come standard on the Motorola RAZR.In the end , I feel suckered and duped by Verizon . I 'd rather get a product that lets you do all of the above for free .
 This phone is a disaster . Please read this and rate well and keep it at the top so that others can be fairly warned before buying -LRB- or not , hopefully ! -RRB- Barring the keypad defectiveness for which I 've had NO END of hassle with amazon in trying to 1 . get a replacement phone sent 2 . get the rebates which are now expired due to the time it took to get the replacement and 3 . hassle with VERIZON over the same things , here is my evaluation of this phone : I thought something was WRONG with this phone , the way it drains the battery . This is the most important flaw . I 've never seen a phone that eats battery as this one does . -LRB- Amazon negative
 This is a good phone that was messed up by Verizon.You ca n't transfer your files from the phone to your computer . Verizon wants you to pay them for the privelage and use their network to transfer.If you were to ever call them and ask them about it they are GREAT at Passing the buck.Even though you may have bought the phone in a verizon store from verizon they say it is motorolla 's fault that you ca n't transfer your pictures . Despite the fact that their version of the RAZR is the only version that is crippled in this way.Furthermore they have made it so that you ca n't change the red colors that permeate the interface . This is just adding insult to injury . If you want to add your own custom ringtones , there are two ways , the easiest of course is to pay verizon money to send it to your phone . Other ways are hacks that sometimes work and sometimes do n't . Also you ca n't make the phone vibrate and ring at the same time . My ancient nokia , that I had in 2000 did this and so has every other phone I 've owned since . I do n't even understand why Verizon would disable this.There is one feature I 'm am not totally happy with , that is not Verizons fault -LRB- as far as I know , but I would n't be surprised -RRB- . The camera takes the crappy pictures you would expect from a phone . Unless your hands are shaky like mine . In that case it will take pictures even crappier than what you would expect from a phone.The phone itself is slick . It 's thin , the ergonomics are better than any other . Verizons voice calling features are great . The fact that the address book interface is clunky does n't matter one bit when you can just tell your phone who to call . You can whip it out and dial all with one hand . Then have it on the speaker phone while you are waiting for someone to pick up . As a phone it 's hard to beat , but these days I think we are allowed to expect more.The saddest part is that it 's my favorite phone from the company with the best network , you really ca n't win .
 I have had the V3m for about a year . Sorry I bought it from Verizon . Ca n't wait until my contract is up . Same complaint as other reviews - disabled multimedia features . In addition , I like to carry it in my pocket - without the case . That 's why I bought a thin phone - no bulge in pocket . But when you take the phone out of your pocket , sometimes the protruding buttons on the side activate the speakerphone or change the answer mode . A real pain . The buttons should be recessed .
 I ordered one of these phones in December ' 06 ; it was defective right out of the box . Returned it and got another , which worked fine for a month . Then the phone would not charge when plugged in . Instead it gave me an `` Unauthorized Charger '' message , even though I was using the factory charger . Verizon would not exchange it even though the phone is supposed to have a one-year warranty . Check online on cell-phone forums and you 'll find this is a common problem with RAZRs .
 Well ... Two of the main differences between Verizon 's Razrs , and the ones that come fromT-Mobile , and Cingular are as follows : difference # 1 : CDMA vs. GSMOnly the Verizon Razr runs on their CDMA network . The CDMA network sucks electricity out of the phone like a vampire!They say
 Poor reception , drop calls , irritating bleep when battery is low . Image is good
 I have had this phone for a week and was about to take it back due to the bad sound quality when the glass window on the outside of it broke . True , I dropped it , but it 's amazing that one drop could shatter the window . I looked up this phenomenom on the internet and have found several postings about how fragile the glass is . One person said that it cracked when they pulled it out of their pocket . I had my previous phone for 3 years -LRB- not a razr -RRB- and dropped it accidentally several times , it did not break once . This phone is not worth the hype . The sound quality is not great and it 's much too fragile for real people .
 WARNING ! Before you buy this phone for Verizon , I have to warn you - the picture transfer and mp3/ringtone transfer are disabled . From what I understand , Verizon is the ONLY company that does this , which forces you to use their own service and pay their fees.Their own ad copy in this very item -LRB- above -RRB- says `` It also supports polyphonic ringtones as well as MP3 ringers , allowing you to use portions of your favorite songs to alert you to incoming calls . `` Yeah . They do n't tell you that you ca n't transfer without using their high-fee data service . With everyone else , you can just connect the phone to a cable.If you want a RAZR phone - do NOT get one from Verizon !
 this phone is more design than functionality . the slim body fits easily in a pocket or purse , and the shape of the phone makes it easy to hold while walking or talking . its a trendy phone . good battery life and quality speaker/microphone make it an easy use.the cons : speakerphone is n't loud enough ... but is it ever?navigating through the interface on this phone takes ages . i 've gotten all four of the software updates and this problem still is n't fixed.the iTap quick type for text messaging is a little more difficult to learn than the t9 i 've used previously on LG.overall , this is a decent phone , especially because verizon promotes it in free offers . i would n't pay a dime extra for it .
 Well , after reading good reviews about the Razr in various magazines and online I decided that I would get one since I was switching back to Verizon after having Cingular for 3 years , what a mistake!ProsThere really are no good things about this phone , some may like it because it is thin but I did ' t even like that aspect.ConsThe first problem I noticed with this phone is that it takes FOREVER to turn on . From the time you press the on button till you can make or receive a call is well over 1 minute . Therefore , if you are like me and do n't use your cellphone every minute of your life and actually turn it off every once in a while you better hope you do n't need to make an emergency call because you will likely be unconscious before this thing turns on . My 3 year old Nokia I had from Cingular turned on and could place a call within 5 seconds , beat that Razr.The second problem is that when you turn the phone off it makes a stupid sound that can not be turned off or muted and is quite annoying.The thinness of the phone causes your hand to cramp up after about two minutes of use.The display on this phone sucks and is impossible to see in sunlight no matter which way you try to face it . The outer display does n't even show when the phone is not in use and gets annoying when you try to use it as a clock and have to open it everytime.Battery life is horrible , it lasted about 1 hour and 15 minutes for me on a fully charged battery until it died , this is unacceptable in my book.Sound quality is very poor and whenever you talk into it you hear your own voice in the ear part of the phone which gets really annoying after about one minute.Reception is certainly not the best , the Motorola E815 that I got now gets full reception in places that this thing could n't even find a signal.The interface is ugly and can not be changed the red verizon bars on the top and bottom need to go and I like Motorolas interface much better.The OK button needs to be changed so that it is raised up or something because everytime you try to hit it you end up hitting one of the arrows instead.So there you have it that is why I did n't like this phone at all and returned it after two days for an E815 which by the way I am more than happy with . If you want a phone that makes and receives calls with good clarity and reception -LRB- which is what a phone is designed for -RRB- this is definitely not for you . I did n't test bluetooth , speaker , games , vcast , mp3 playing , etc. etc. because personally I could care less about those things and want a phone for a phone which this definitly is not .
 When I first saw this phone I just had to have it . I loved that is was so slick and slim . No antenna was a nice plus as well . I really regret buying this phone !!! My biggest upset was the battery life . The day I recieved the phone I charged it and was ready to go . I made one THIRTEEN MIN phone call and it already needed to be charged . I went two or three days with the same thing happening and I finally took it back to the store . They -LRB- verizon -RRB- told me this was common with this phone and that I would have to buy a new and better $ -LSB- ... -RSB- battery . Needless to say I keep the one I had and it has n't got any better . I only make 4 or 5 calls a day with no more than an hour usage and have to charge it twice a day . I dropped it -LRB- on carpet -RRB- and the display screen doesnt work anymore . The only upside to this phone is that its slender . I repeat Please Do n't Waste Your Money !
 The V3m is a great phone that Verizon has crippled . The camera can take 1 megapixel images that get locked into your phone unless you subscribe to the optional text and image plan . As others have noted , if you wish to download images directly from the micro sd card , you have to remove the battery to take out the card . You ca n't download images from the phone with a usb cable.After many hours of trying , I was able to download music using a Windows XP machine with Media Player 10 , which I never use for music . I prefer iTunes , but it will not work with this phone . The Verizon interface makes it awkward to use the music features and you will need USB headphones for additional money -LRB- again -RRB- . While my older Motorola phone was able to use Verizon 's national access to connect my computer to the internet -LRB- 14.4 k with no additional charge except minutes used , slow but useful -RRB- , the V3m has disabled this feature and requires you to subscribe to a data plan for ... more money -LRB- again -RRB- . In theory , voice dialing will allow you to use a voice command to call any number in the directory . It has n't been perfected . If you say , `` call Mary '' , the phone is just as likely to call Harry.Although Verizon boasts about their network , this phone has been unable to connect in transportation hubs like New York 's Grand Central Terminal and Phoenix 's Sky Harbor Airport . Battery life is weak and the ring tones are lame but you can always get new ones from Verizon for ... more money -LRB- again -RRB- . It is clear that Verizon has engineered this phone to squeeze every extra dollar out of you that they can . You have an option . You can just say no to the V3m and get an iPhone .
 In a nutshell
 External display failed within one month . Moisture sensor dot showed red , so Verizon would not honor warranty . Verizon employees smugly said that it must have gotten water spilled on it . This phone had never had water on it , but I had taken it skiing a couple of times , but kept it securely tucked in my zipped sweater pocket , inside my waterproof/breathable jacket . Also took it to an indoor pool facility to watch a swim meet once . I understand others have had similar humidity problems too , especially with the Motorola phones . Stay away unless you live in the desert .
 I have owned this phone for about 6 months and I hate it . The only good thing about it is the looks . Phone is not user friendly at all . You can not move quickly through functions , keypad is awkward , battery life is horrible , reception is horrible . Now the phone has completly stopped working . Only the on-off button works . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . This is the last time a motorola product has let me down . I 'll never buy Motorola again ! I 'm geting an LG .
 This rubber case is made out of very poor quality rubber
 The Eforcity clip breaks easily . I would not purchase it again .
 My advice . Purchase the cable and download the free software over the Internet . Like other reviewers I never got this software provided to work .
 Purchased this for use with the New LG Chocolate phone . Downloaded the updates needed to use it with the new phone . So far have been unable to do anything with it . Will continue to try , but would not recommend it based on my experience . Easier to have the service provider do the phonebook transfers and pay to download the ringtones .
 This is falsely advertised as working for the Sidekick 3 , but it does n't work . Why ? The Sidekick series has never charged over the USB , as it 's always been USB 1.1 . Sorry to anyone who was looking for a good deal , keep moving because this is n't one .
 This phone is advertised as GSM 850-900-1800-1900 while it is only Tri-Band 850-1800-1900 . I waited for it over a month just to get dissapointed and return it back .
 Only let AT & T give you this phone if : -- you would rather not be bothered by irritating calls -- you prefer to charge your phone every single day -- you prefer to receive messages and texts several hours after they are sent . -- you like having really small buttons , making texting difficult -- you would rather not have information from voice mails available on screen -- you have to actually listen to the voice mail just to find out who called !!! That 's right , this is the cell phone that while fully charged sends calls right to voice mail while turned on , then informs you of a missed call hours later . I have had two of them and am battling AT & T to get something else . The worst thing is that , despite its obvious flaws , if you are a light user you do n't realize the missed calls thing is the a phone issue until you 've had it for a while.Additionally , changing the volume on the speaker is a challenge -- you can only do it while a call is in session and it is a very small button on the side of the phone -- no setting on disk ; you can not see incoming caller id without opening the phone ; the battery life is pathetically short ; and the camera is utterly worthless.This phone would have been a stellar performer in , say , 1985 . Now it just sucks , out loud .
 This phone looks good only from outside.Inside its just a piece of crap.Poor display , looks very cheap.Poor reception all times.One star for the outside look only.I do n't recommend this phone for any reason .
 My God , this is the worst Cell Phone I have ever owned !! You get very low reception , and the quality of sound both ways is horrible.Even with all the reception bars , you get very poor quality conversation , EVEN OUTDOORS.Low Batery LifeIm selling mine .
 Caution to buyers . This product does not fit a Nokia 6300 cell phone as advertised . This ear bud does not have a pin connector required by the 6300 .
 Recently , I 've been having problems with charging my Samsung N400 phone . I have a charger with a single prong that fits into the phone base . Unfortunately , the socket of my phone is rather loose and sometimes the charger does n't make a connection.I purchased this charged because the picture showed a multi-pin plug to fit in the alternate interface on my phone . I required this interface since my single prong socket was loose/damaged . The charger I received does not match this picture as it has the traditional single prong . Granted , it does work for the Samsung N400 , but does n't match the product picture so in a sense was falsely advertized.Secondly , the plug that goes into the cigarette lighter has a lead post that is sprint loaded . This ensures it makes contacts with the cigarette lighter recepticle . However , this lead post presses into the charger head and does not spring out ; it sticks . In other words , it does n't make contact with the cigarette lighter socket and therefore does n't conduct electricty to charge my phone.False or inaccurate advertizing coupled with shoddy construction left me very disappointed with this purchase.I would not recommend this product .
 Was told by Nokia that this was the cord for my phone . When I received it , it does not fit my phone . Do n't know where the error exists .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner but the software is not compatable with the cable interface to the phone .
 I sent a letter on Aug 15,2005 to Batteries Guy at 264 Hewes St , Brooklyn New York -LRB- the return address on the shipping envelope -RRB- asking them to please ship the correct item and some information on returning the battery that did not fit my phone . I have not yet received a reply . There was no phone number or e-mail address in the package .
 Not too much to say about a product like this , but I tried this brand and found them hard to apply and inferior quality . I threw them out and bought the -LRB- mroe expensive -RRB- Palm brand `` Anti-Glare screen protectors '' and am elated . It was easy to apply and you can clear the fingerprints off of them . The Palm ones were more expensive but a much better product - I 've had the same one on my Treo for 7 months now and do n't see why I 'd ever need to replace it .
 Palm Treo 700p ClearTouch Anti-Glare Screen ProtectorThis product can not support some of its selling points . Based on my experience over the past 6 months , I replaced it once on my Treo 700p because it did not fulfill the following claims
 TERRIBLE PHONE , REPLACED BATTERY TWICE AND IT STILL HAS TO BE CHARGED DAILY WITH MINIMUM USE . CALLED MOTOROLA FOR HELP . CANT HELP YOU , GO BACK TO THE SELLER . NEW BATTERY DIDNT HELP . SO I HAVE TO KEEP A CHARGER WITH ME ALL THE TIME.CANT RECEIVE OR CALL FROM MY OFFICE -LRB- IN A BUILDING -RRB- WHILE OTHER PHONES WORK , LIKE NOKIA OR BLACKJACK .
 I have changed to GSM and selected the V3xx phone as the Motoroal V60 was the best phone I have ever owned . The Razr V3xx has some short commings that anyone considering it should know about . First of all you have to have the phone really centered on your ear to hear it at its best 1/4 inch makes a difference . The front screen is too small to read incoming call numbers , so it is useless for caller ID . Both inside and external screens are hard to read in bright sunlight . The srceens are great in reduced light or indoors . The start call -LRB- green -RRB- and end call -LRB- red -RRB- buttons are right next to buttons that start the AT&T browser or CV both of which will cost you if you press one by mistake and cancel as quickly as posible , you learn to look at the buttons you are pressing , not a good idea if you are driving . I have not been able to find a good blue tooth device to use while driving . I have purchased two units with built in speakers and three ear piece devices . The best is the Motorola H700 -LRB- I bought it from Amazon to avoid fake look alikes and the $ 99.00 asked by AT&T -RRB- . The H700 is scratchy but usable in a car . The quality and volume of the blue tooth on any of the devices I have tried is about equal to the built in speaker . The last issue with the phone is battery life , if I am lucky I get two days charge on a battery . I probably place or receive four to five short calls a day . Sometimes I run out of battery on the second day , so now I just plug the phone in each night . My old phones Nokias , Motorolas , and Panasonics -LRB- all digital not GSM -RRB- lasted between one or two weeks on a charge . I guess I 'll have to adjust to the new technology !
 My boyfriend bought this phone for me from Amazon and it was the worst idea ever ! First , when I got the phone it could n't be activated due to technical problems -LRB- due to Amazon , not AT&T ;-RRB- . I called Amazon for assistance , and they forwarded me to their cell phone department who said 1 -RRB- they did n't know what the problem was , 2 -RRB- there was no one else that I could speak to , and 3 -RRB- they would email -LRB- NOT call -RRB- me back . Amazon gave me the run-around for over two weeks . Finally , i took the phone into an AT&T ; store . They informed me that is was most definitely a REFURBISHED phone . They also told me the reason there were so many problems activating the number is because the phone number BELONGED TO SOMEONE ELSE ! I called Amazon to discuss the fact they had sent me a refurbished phone when I had bought a NEW phone , and they did not have an answer . The very nice customer service representative said that he would have someone email me back -LRB- because the cell phone specialty department did NOT make any calls -RRB- . It 's been two weeks and I still do not have an explanation as to why I was sent a refurbished phone or why I was assigned a number which was already assigned to someone else.DO NOT buy phones from Amazon . Although you pay less for the phone , it 's not worth it !!! Just go it the store and deal directly with the cell phone company .
 The phone is neat and comes with a lot of great features , but buyer beware-the warranty is basically non-existant . We had a problem with the keyboard and called for warranty service and they said that the warranty is invalid if there is any water damage . We explained that there was no water damage , it just stopped working . They asked us to check a `` dot '' sensor on the phone . If the dot is red , the warranty is invalid . We asked how the dot could be red when the phone -LRB- 2 months old -RRB- never got wet , and their rep told us that rain , sweat or being exposed to humidity or condensation ! An unscientific survy of razr uses at a soccer game found 4 of 5 with the dot turned red-and hense no warranty.So bottom line is , it is a good phone , as long as you do n't sweat or live in a location where it rains or gets humid .
 This phone is definitely a beginner phone . If you just want this phone simply for phone calls , then this phone is for you . But if you want a phone that has a good quality camera , takes videos , and etc. this phone is DEFINTELY not for you . This phone does n't even have the video feature on it.Oh and the battery life absolutely sucks!The only good thing about this phone is the cool lighting features . THAT 'S IT .
 I 've had this phone for under a year . It has some great features for sure ! I really liked the pink color and I am over 30 . From the begining , everyone I spoke to on the phone said they could not hear me unless I spoke loudly into the bottom of the phone which was quite annoying esspecially in public . Then one day no one could hear me at all . I tried everything including reseting the phone , nothing worked . I am now in the market for a new phone in less than a year , what a waste .
 Only let AT & T give you this phone if : -- you would rather not be bothered by irritating calls unless your phone is 100 % charged -- you prefer to charge your phone every single day -- you prefer to receive messages and texts several hours after they are sent -- you like having really small buttons , making texting difficult -- you would rather not have information from voice mails available on screen -- you have to actually listen to the voice mail just to find out who called !!! That 's right , this is the cell phone that while fully charged sometimes sends calls right to voice mail while turned on , then informs you of a missed call hours later ; this issue increases in frequency when not 100 % charged . I have had two of them and am battling AT & T to get something else . The worst thing is that , despite its obvious flaws , if you are a light user you do n't realize the missed calls thing until you 've had it for a while.Additional problems
 It would be a good phone if you did n't have to charge it every other day .
 This is a great little phone EXCEPT for the fact that it drops calls left and right -LRB- it 's not the service ... my husband and friend have the same as I have with no problems -RRB- and you have to charge it constantly !
 My mom and I both tried this phone . My husband tried it in black . All three of us had problems both sending and receiving calls . Half the time it did n't even register that we had missed a call . Other times it took us directly to voicemail without alerting that caller that they were being called . Tried Sony 's recommendations -- downloading updates via a usb cable sony sent , and a new charger . Tried AT&T 's recommendation to `` Turn it off while you shower and then turn it back on afterwards so it can receive updates from the tower . '' Nothing helped . I guess you get what you pay for -- this was the free phone offered by AT&T when we set up our plan .
 It 's not as solid , sturdy and strong as the original Samsung product . If it drops once , it breaks .
 This phone clip worked great . I appreciated the very low profile and simplicity of use , then it broke when I caught it on my car door . Now I have a more robust phone holster . Definetly worth the penny cost though , might just want to buy 50-100 , to get you through the life of the phone .
 The wall charger did n't fit into the Black Jack phone easily and once it was in got very hot and did n't charge the phone . After that I did n't bother trying the rest of the items , was afraid they would damage the phone .
 These work to charge your phone , but the casing around part that plugs into the phone is slightly wide , causing the plug to fall out of the phone easily . This is especially aggravating with the car charger . I think it 's worth the money to get the better fitting items from Samsung.Also - why does Samsung change the plug in each phone model ? The BlackJack 1 and Blackjack 2 do not use interchangeable plugs and my wife 's Samsung flipphone uses a completely different connection . Are they trying to make money on peripherals and chargers ?
 I purchased this for my brother-in law in another state . None of the adapters worked , and we decided it would not be worth the postage to return it .
 It feels like its constantly going to fall off of my ear whenever I turn my head . The connection is horrible . Overall I am completely disappointed in this product .
 the cover i recieved is bad quality and there is no brand label or anything wroted on the cover to show the brand mark -LRB- box wave -RRB- and thank you
 I got this exact same case on EBay , for about 90 % less . And the one on EBay was even constructed better . The cut-outs were all in line . I figured since this one cost more , the material would be ` better ' ? `` FALSE '' I ordered two of these from the same seller . Two different colors , and the materials , and the cutouts did not match . Save your money , go to EBay , and get a better much cheaper case than what is listed here . I have already emailed for an RMA on both cases .
 I purchased two of these in June ' 01 , and BOTH were dead as a doornail by Sept ' 01 . I use an Ericsson charger that does n't allow overcharging and I conditioned the battery each month - which means that they were dead after the 3nd conditioning . Neither would charge back up after they had been discharged . In fairness to Ericsson , I have to say that their warranty service is SUPERLATIVE . They sent me upgrade replacement batteries , no shipping charges , within one week . Ericsson gets five stars but this particular battery gets one .
 I thought I finally found the perfect cell phone accessory - a battery with a belt clip ; not one of those cheap after-market kits that are sold everywhere.My only dissapointment was in finding out that while the clip worked great , the battery would n't hold a charge.Let 's see if the replacement works better.Stay tuned ...
 The Nokia 900 mAh NiMN Extended Vibrating Battery is anything but extended unless you are counting the time you will have it in a charger trying to keep it charged . I have had mine 41 days and am already having trouble keeping it charged . My phone is on about 10 hours per day with minimal talk time , Usually less than 30 mins . per day .
 Amazon rebate is a scam . I purchased this headset on 1/23/2007 , and received it on 1/25/2007 . However , the RebatesHQ site was not functioning on 1/25/2007 . When it works the next day , it can not locate the offer number , nor could this rebate be located from the manufacture . If you click on the URL link supplied by Amazon Rebate form , you will be able to find the offer by Amazon order number , however , they will disconnect you in the next step saying ` session expired ' . There is no way around , what a scam . It 's a shame for Amazon to squeeze the last penny out of its customers . It 's $ 5.99 , come on !
 Sound quality is poor . Does not always work when inserted into cassette port .
 I still have a tape player in my car , so I was very happy to get this product , in order to listen to my ipod . Unfortunately , the cassette adapter never worked ! The cassette kept getting spit out . We tried over and over , hitting the prog button , turning it on in different order , hitting the rewind button , etc. . . It never worked , and I was very disappointed.The charger on the other hand did work , but my intention was to use the cassette adapter .
 After reading all of the reviews for the FM transmitters I decided I would go the cassette adapter way . It worked for about 2 songs then the player kept spitting it out . One of the reasons that I bought it was the power adapter that came with it . Maybe someone will get smart and make one of these things that actually WORKS !!!
 I dont normally review stuff . But i hate this product so much that i just could n't resist . At least it wasnt expensive , is all i can say . I wish 0 stars was an option . Anyway , the tape keeps spitting out , occasionally it WILL work for a couple songs , while stopping briefly to -LRB- im guessing here -RRB- flip sides every few moments . Sound quality is a bit fuzzy when it actually plays and sometimes the volume is really low . What a waste .
 No matter what I tried , I could only get sound to come out of one channel . Find something else to use .
 I second what others have said
 This item is not worth purchasing . It did not work in my vehicle at all . The cassette deck kept ejecting it . The only part that actually works is the charger . What a waste of money .
 I purchased this cassette adapter in order to listen to music from my ipod in my car . I have to turn the volume on the ipod up all the way , and the volume on the stereo up higher than I usually do , to get any sound . Even then , the sound will suddenly go out for no reason . This is junk . At least the car charger is usable , and the only reason I wo n't complain about not being able to rate this zero stars .
 This product alone does NONE of the things listed in the descrption BY ITSELF . You must still buy other software to use it . When I questioned them about why they listed it as doing all these things , which it does n't do , they pointed out where it says `` may require 3rd party software for various uses '' . I just did n't know that the definition of ` various ' was ALL USES WE HAVE LISTED.I would rate my experience with this seller as
 hello . . i have been on Amazon for a long time nowand i have n't been so dissapointed in mylife . . i have a sumsung A870 and i wouldlike to be able to get my 261 picturesoff my phone , but after 3 WEEKS of waitingfor my USB cable , i got home and it did n'twork . . if anyone knows how to work it couldu please post something on my post or somthingThank you anyone who knows.Sarah
 All I did was put my microSD in my phone and tried to play music . When you do this it puts the necessary folders on the card at which point if you put it in an SD adaptor and you have an SD slot on your computer or a reader you can put songs directly on the microSD without having to use an item like this . I have a Samsung a930 the only thing you have to make sure of is that your music files are . wma 's .
 This item is not for the Samsung A870 . It physicaly does not fit . The Seller was awesome in providing a quick refund but the title and description of this item needs to be changed . IS NOT FOR THE A870 .
 I bought this to use with my samsung a870 . it does not work with samasung a870 . I am very dissapointed in this . The end that goes in the phone is not the right end . if you push it will finally lock in but does not make the right connections for it to be read by the computer . I will not buy from them again . Thanks for the Bad experience .
 The description for the USB Sync Data Cable includes the Samsung A870 . This particular cable does not fit the A870 and should not be purchased if you wish to transfer data between your A870 and a computer . Check the Samsung website for the appropriate cable # .
 Supplied software would only download contacts , except it could never connect to my phone with included cable . No documentation , no directions for resolving problems or finding software to download pictures . Total waste of money and very misleading . Amazon should reconsider this `` partner '' .
 This product is lame , it only backs up your contact list -- it does nothing else .
 I HAVE CONTACTED CUSTOMER SUPPORT AT SAMSUNG AND THEY HAVE REPLIED THEY DO NOT HAVE OR APPROVE SUPPORT FOR THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY KIND OF INFORMATION FROM THIS PHONE A870 .
 This phone was cheap for an unlocked GSM phone and it showed . The user interface was now easy to use , features were very minimal , the audio quality from the phone was poor and hard to hear in noisy environments , ringer was hard to hear , etc. . Oh , if you use an ear piece , your phone will not ring ... only through the ear piece . :-LRB- Some good things about the phone ? It is small , cheap , and it works to the best of its ability .
 This item is great , but they sell USED item . The box is totally mess up , The package has been opened , Items inside was unpack . A part was missing . This suppose to be a Christmas gift and now I can not give this away I 've been wait for 2 week to get it arrive . What take it so long ??? by boat ?
 this is my second logitech set . my 1st was a mobile freedom which its ear loop broke after 6 months . logitech replaced it with this one 12/06 . now 2 weeks prior to one year the ear loop snapped off of this one . POOR design which outweighs the otherwise very reasonable functionality of the device.called logitech and they are refunding my money , which is ok as i do not want another one !
 This headset works well - I do n't hear any static nor do those to whom I am speaking . I use this primarily with my laptop and Skype . The range is a tad better than my BlueAnt X3.However , this earpiece is extremely painful ! Beware ! I have tried various positions and it really , really hurts .
 I 've had two of these Logitech headsets and both broke . Functionally they worked fine and were nice and small . But due to their limited lifespan I 've switched to Motorola .
 i think that logitech make the best accessories . I have the camera , the fancy DiNovo bluetooth keyoard ... . so naturally this headset was a no brainer . The reason i got it was to use it with my computer setup as opposed to looking like a dork walking around in public.It worked on my dell 9200 laptop fine with skype however it did not work with my dell 8400 desktop using the Logitech Bluetooh hub . Do n't you find that strange ? Aside from that , it also did not work with my sony ericsson phone -LRB- ca n't remember the model -RRB- . In addition , it really hurts my ears . . not the most comfortable ... . so you decide if this product works for you .
 Avoid this product at all costs !! I used this headset for only 2 days before giving it the heave-ho . When you first put it on , it does not feel all that uncomfortable ... however , after 30 to 45 minutes of use , your ear feels like it is in a vice ! Plus , the reception is fine when sitting in a car , however if you stand up it gets crackly and is extremely hard to hear . I repeat
 The problem with Bluetooth headsets in general is they are near your ear but 4-5 inches your mouth . Therefore the microphone is reaching a long way to pick up your voice and has little ability to screen your voice from everything else around you . Unless you are in a quiet room , forget the current offerings of Bluetooth headsets.This headset is no exception.On the other hand , it is comfortable and works well if you need it where it excels , a quiet room.However , I 'll wait until an offering is available that works outside the quiet confines of the design lab .
 I 've used the headset for a little over a year and , although plagued with disconnects when idle , was relatively pleased with the sound quality . Not being connected when calls came in was a major annoyance . There was no notice when it disconnected . Recently the plastic ear clip broke and I contacted Logitech and was informed that , since it was over the one year warranty , my only option would be to purchase a new headset ; a huge price to pay for a piece that costs pennies.Logitech 's concern for its customers appears to be nonexistant .
 This headset has a major flaw - the connections between the headset and phone are full of static . The other parties do n't hear it , but their voice is constantly zapped by the static , and I 'm asking them to repeat themselves . I 've compared it with a couple other headsets I 've got , and they do n't have this problem in the same locations . Actually , this headset has static problems ANYWHERE - office , car , out walking , you name it.Do yourself a favor and avoid this one .
 This headset is uncomfortable to wear but if you heat the earpiece and bend it outwards and back it will fit just fine . You can also go to an eyewear store and have them do it for you.As for the performance it is great . I drive truck and have a lot of background noise and windows are usually down partially and everyone has no problems hearing and understanding me and I can hear them just fine also . The volume is great and at times I have to turn it down in volume . Have tried the AnycomHS-890 and this outperforms it hands down . Have had it drop my phone on occasion but never during a call where the Anycom would at any time . I would definitely reccommend this headset to anyone in a noisy environment . Very satisified with the performance . Tried to change the rating and seems like ca n't do that once the review is written . Amazon needs to fix the edit system on this .
 The sound quality and functionality of the headset are fine , comparable with others . However , the comfort is just terrible . Not only is it tricky to put on , but after an hour or so of wear , it is very painful.Since I use a headset for hours a day , this one was no good for me .
 I 've had two of these . Both sounded and worked well for a few months . then the piece that goes over the ear and is described as too tight broke completely off of the first unit and snapped in two places on the second . When this happens , you 're perfectly operating earpiece becomes a bad piece of geek jewlery . While it 's perfmance was good before the break , the use of heap plastic under the rubberized piece instead of a small piece of `` memory titanum '' or something better renders this thing to the level of toxic waste -LRB- battery contains lithium I bet -RRB- Skip by this one if you 're smart . I 've been had twice .
 I originally purchased the Logitech Mobile Freedom headset but when the clip that goes behind your ear broke , Logitech exchanged it for the Mobile Traveller.Unfortunately , this one is not comfortable at all . I agree with others that after 30-45 minutes , it feels like your ear is in a vise . It 's true . It hurts.Sound quality is very good . People say they can hear me just fine , and I can hear them just fine.But it also disconnects with my cell phone when it is not in use . What good is that ? Then when the phone rings , I do n't hear it.Then the clip broke on this one as well . Logitech again replaced it . But how long will this one lsat?Do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 Too big for my car . The microphone is way too big and hard to install . I will prefer a headset next time . Note
 Just received my products ... and they came in this little brown UNPADDED envelope !! This was the worst shipping job ever ! And oh yea ... the retract function for the cable is n't working !! LAME !
 I just got this phone a few days ago to replace my broken SonyEricsson Z520a . I 'm attracted to this Samsung because of the thin form factor and pretty impressive spec.But the first time I used it , I was totally disappointed . My biggest complaint is the flat keypad . The keypad does n't give you enough tactile feedback when you press it . And for some reasons some keys are harder to press than the others . This really annoys me since I text message a lot.Other than the keypad , this is a very nice phone . The screen is high resolution -LRB- 320 x 240 -RRB- and very bright . IMHO the user interface is not as intuitive as Sony Ericsson 's . I tried Bluetooth on this phone and was able to transfer my phonebook from my laptop without a hitch.But for me , the keypad is the killer . That 's the reason I rated it 2 stars . This phone is going back to Amazon for sure .
 Looks cool but , I did n't have it more than two weeks before it broke .
 I got this because it matched my phone and the price was right . WELL ... the earpiece does n't come close to fitting properly . I was looking for a nice snug fit that would n't fall off at just a shake of my head , and this ai n't it ! Do n't really like the volume control either . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that it came in a package that included a matching case with a wrist strap -LRB- designed for a Razor but fits my LG Muziq just fine -RRB- and a little screen cleaner that works nicely , so not a TOTAL loss I guess , but still irritating and disappointing . I got a Plantronics that fits and sounds great , so my pretty pink matching H500 will reside in the back of the kitchen junk drawer . Live and learn ; -RRB-
 It charges my Treo 700w faster than the wall charger or my iGO universal adapter , but still has the following glaring problems :1 -RRB- Squeals loudly when in a charging state2 -RRB- Interferes with AM radio reception while charging3 -RRB- The connector quickly developed a problem with intermittent contact to the phone . Unless the phone is sitting at the right angle , contact is not made properly , and no charging occurs . this is annoying since the phone tends to bounce around a little in my truck , and I have to insert the phone upside down into my cup holder to maintain just the right angle with the charging cord.All in all , I wish I 'd spent more money on a better quality charger . The build quality of this unit seems good , but the performance is poor .
 This device is not compatible with my Treo 700w and I had to return it .
 Charging end would not seat securely in phone socket . Tip broke off within a month of purchase . I should know better by now .
 I had a NON extended Samsung battery for nearly three years and needed to replace it . Well I purchased the EXTENDED version of this battery fully believing it would work great . Well I was VERY surprised to find out that it actually gave me LESS talk time then my 3 year old NON EXTENDED battery . It could not even hold a charge for one day.When I contacted the company for a refund they REFUSED to accept the return because I did not keep the original packaging which is crazy because it is a battery and who would expect a battery not to work?But WAIT , it gets WORSE !! When I posted a negative feedback , they contacted me and asked me to remove it and they would give me a refund . I removed it and they NEVER gave me the refund.So NOT only does this company produce DEFECTIVE products they lie and do n't honor their word.They deserved to be removed from Amazon . I have contacted their security department and they are conducting a full investigation . In the meantime . DO NOT purchase ANYTHING from this vendor.They are EVIL and will likely soon be banned from Amazon .
 I had such faith in this phone when I first bought it . Now that I am 7 treo phones later and it only being a year and a half ... I have to say that this is the worst high end purchase I have ever gotten . In the beginning all of the reviews were wonderful from consumer reports and gadget blogs and electronic magazine reviews . However none of these publications seems to have let consumers know the truth about the horrible quality of these phones . As a pda they function fairly well but as a phone ... the signal is always dropping -LRB- that is if there is a signal -RRB- . Friends and family claim it is hard to hear what I was saying when using the phone and that it sounded like I was in a tunnel . Hearing what other people were saying was difficult . i would have to go outside to try to get a better signal just to hear what was being said . I purchased my phone through Amazon to use with Sprint . I invested in the monthly warranty to replace the phone . This seemed like a good plan until I realized that they were replacing my phone with refurbished phones that had the same problems as the handset that I had just given them . When my final sixth phone was replaced by Sprint I made a call to a friend from the parking lot to ensure that it worked before I left the store -LRB- I had learned by this point -RRB- . Five minutes later yelling into the phone and trying to call back 3 times with no success -LRB- and no ... the mute was not on -RRB- . Realizing that I had yet another dud on my hands I went back into the Sprint store to take out the poor 16 year old clerk that had the misfortune of replacing my handset five minutes prior . Apparently he had a panicked look on his face since he was waiting on customers who had just decided to get ... you got it , a Treo 600 . Well he quickly summoned his manager who decided to give me a brand-new never been opened treo 650 free . So yes I did get an upgrade free for all of my trouble . It is not much better than the treo 600 . The signal is weak and it is hard to hear on both ends and when on vibrate mode the calls get sent straight to voicemail . Convenient for emergencies I would say . I live in Arizona but I sure do wish that I lived in California since there is currently a class-action suit against palm-one and the various cell phone carriers of the treo 600 and 650 for the poor quality of the product and replacing handsets with equally poor treos . At this point since the treo 700 just was released , it probably is not on the class action suit . However the treo 700 does run on a windows operating system which will make your palm os software from your treo 600/650 obsolete . It will also make it morevulnerable to viruses and lets not forget that little trick of being able to erase a bluetooth devices address book when someone has bluetooth enabled , Also there is the ability to tap into peoples ' conversations that they are having with their wireless blue-tooth headset . -LRB- not that I do it but I 'm sure that some people are actually enjoying rush hour much more due to this security flaw -RRB- . Overall I would say that palm-one as a company has gone downhill in terms of quailty and customer service and that both the treo 600 and 650 are phones that I would not waste your time or money on .
 I 've been a Palm fanatic for over 10 years . I 've always been an early adopter and bought the latest gadget when it first came out . I agree with many of these reviewers that the Treo 600 was a breakthrough product and has great functionality , etc. . But it is completely unreliable . I 'm currently on my 3rd 600 . Each one died a hideous death after about 6 months . First the normal phone speaker died . So Handspring replaced it for free . Six months later the monster buzzing in my ear made using the phone impossible -LRB- in addition it had a nasty problem of doing a hard reset all on its own about once a week - often when I was traveling . -RRB- So again handspring replaced it . About 4 months into my 3rd device the monster screeching buzzing returned . This time when I called for a new one I was informed by Palm that , `` We do n't replace phones for free any more . It will cost you $ 200 to get a replacement . '' So basically Palm 's business model is
 Great concept , I 've had a palm pda since the first palm pilot personal then professional then a 7 and then the i version for internet with palm.net . I love the palm apps calendar and contacts , but this phone that cost $ 500 started to give me problems right after the year warranty time period . -LRB- which just so happened to coinside with the Katrina catastrophe when our phones were n't working anyway due to service problems -RRB- . The problem still continues with the same as the other reviewer mentions with this loud buzzing on the receiver side of the phone call . It 's terrible and not usable this way . I 'm afraid to send it for repair based on what another reviewer said that he got a refurbised model that was in worse shape than his and then after a few months had serious problems . The repaired phones are only warranted for 90 days , not long enough for these problems to show up . Palm should be ashamed of themselves for not providing better support for such expensive phones !!! I bought mine unlocked directly from Palm as well .
 I bought the unlocked TREO 600 one year ago for $ 549 . It has been replaced 3 times . I gave up and bought the unlocked 650 . It crashed in 2 weeks . I returned it . I am now stuck with a 600 that is now out of warranty . Service
 I 've had this phone for 8 months and since then Palm had replaced my Treo 600 4 times . I 've never dropped nor scratched it but it 's just the phone itself that 's messed up . Every now and then there 's a problem with this phone but I will still keep it coz I paid so much on this cr * p.For those of you who are thinking of getting a palmOne Treo 600 , think over 100 times first okay ?! HoneybeeChicago , IL
 If you have any sense , do n't buy this phone . I paid $ 700 for this phone when it first came out . After the first three months the mouth piece went dead . I got another one and it went all staticy so I had to send it back . The camera has never taken a decent picture and recently I dropped it and the screen damaged . I called to get it repaired and they want to charge me $ 179 . That 's almost $ 1000 for a cell phone . I ask you , who does n't drop their cell phone at least once ?
 Guys , Do not take this sheet piece for GOD sake . I am repenting on it :-LRB- please take my advice . Thanks .
 Do n't spend your money on this device . Mine is recently out of warranty and the battery is a problem . Even though there are replacement batteries for sale on the internet and instructions on how to replace the batteries , neither Sprint nor Palm will perform that service . The only explanation I can think of for this lack of service is an attempt to force an expensive upgrade .
 The PDA features work well . Syncs up easily with computer . However , phone reception is terrible . Admittedly , I live in a fringe area but the old Sanyo 8100 worked just fine on the Sprint network . Even bought external antenna to improve reception and stop dropped calls but did no better . Ready to sell and start over .
 I 'm giving it 1-star for the service from Amazon concerning this item . I ordered one on Sunday Aug. 21 and was told it would ship on the 23rd or 24th -LRB- it 's advertised as `` Usually ships in 2 to 3 business days . -RRB- By the end of business on the 24th I called and was told they did n't have the phone and the new estimated ship date was now Aug. 29 . On the 29th , I called in the morning and was told they had the phone and it was scheduled to ship out . In the afternoon I called again and was told it showed to be on backorder and they had no idea when it would ship . That 's when I cancelled the order . Watch out , for it still says `` Usually ships in 2 to 3 business days . ''
 I had to return the item because in the description it was not made clear that the phone was not compatable with Verizon 's cellular network . I ended up buying the phone directly from verizon .
 I have to start with by saying that I am indeed a very happy user of T600 for almost two years . IIts user friendliness and sheer wealth of applications and uses still keeps me excited . The device can be used for phone calls , calendars , web browsing , email , IM -LRB- ICQ , AOL , etc . . -RRB- , internet radio stations , document editing , games , modem for the laptop ... and that is just the beginning.So why only two stars ?? and why poor execution ? Very poor voice call quality , reported by many and totally unacceptable !!! Luckily for me and some others ; one of the internet enthusiast came up with the solution -- open up the unit and isolating the mic wire with the foil . It worked , but it should never had to be necessary.Also screens are week . Drop on the hard service will break it . Luckily for
 I purchased a Treo 600 when it first came out . That phone was so bad that like an idiot I upgraded to a Treo 650 . I was on Cingular with both phones . Onwing this phone and being with Cingular has been the most painful customer experience I have ever had . I 'll spare you the details since they 've been documented well elsewhere . I will add that After my 4th phone dying on me , I decided to cancel my service with Cingular , which renders my locked phone a $ 400 paperweight . I 've gone over to Verizon and to a Samsung phone running the Windows OS . Palm was a good company once , now they have got their heads up their # & -LRB- & ^ $ # -LRB- . Makes you wonder why the Treo 700 is running Windows now ????
 I enjoy the features of the phone , however there are too many kinks.I am on my second replacement since Mar ' 05 . The first phone had a mysterious orange blob that seemed to migrate on the screen , and a strange humming . The replacement worked for one month and also has a strange hum . The third phone is in route via mail.I have not had any problems with Cingular . They do n't seem surprised by my complaints and promptly send replacements . However , I am looking into purchasing a Blackberry , instead .
 Think twice before you buy this . My first and second Treo 600s had identical problems , where they could n't find the network for some reason , and the answer button would n't work . I got the first one in February 05 , and the 1st replacement in April 05 . The second replacement came a week later . Now , this one has developed these orange pixels -LSB- http://discuss.treocentral.com/archive/index.php/t-51494.html] , and Sprint is going to replace this one . I will note that Sprint has only replaced my phone with refurbished phones , so I can just imagine that I 'm just waiting on my replacement phone , which is just Joe Schmoe 's broken phone that has the same darn problems . I just hope that all of these problems keep happening within the warranty period . If you can , buy the warranty .
 Phone has excellent features but has bad reception . Just after a month -LRB- right after the store exchange policy expired -RRB- the charger is not working . Some loose connection may be . I read somewhere else that others are having similar issues . It is frustating to have your cellphone breakdown because of the charger issue . How can I recommend this to anyone with this kind of issues ?
 The price is high considering that there are newer models .
 Do n't bother with this one . After 3 months phone function is essentially dead - Verizon wo n't serrvice it - you have to send it back to Palm - constantly drops calls , poor reception , freezes up - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS HUNK OF JUNK !!!!
 As far as design and user-friendliness , I ca n't say enough about how great this phone/pda combo is . I just wish it was n't such a POS!I bought an unlocked Treo 600 directly from PalmOne.com about 1 year ago , as I travel internationally and did n't want the hassle of being limited to just one carrier 's simcard . It worked wonderfully for a few months , synched effortlessly with Outlook , and was a breeze to enter data into with the qwerty keyboard . I loved trading in my Palm and old cell phone for one combined piece of equipment . The only problem I had right from the beginning is that my earlobe -LRB- which must be a genetic abnormality , as I have n't seen any other mention of this problem -RRB- would line up just right with the `` hang up '' button on the touchscreen and would disconnect my calls . I would finally realize it when my phone would ring loudly in my ear as the other person was already calling me back while I was still talking . I can excuse this issue , however , and blame myself for apparently holding the phone at the wrong angle . No problem.And yet ... about 6 months into my ownership of the Treo 600 , an extremely loud buzzing sound emerged on the other end of the line . I could n't hear it myself , but everyone I talked to asked if I was being electrocuted , or being run over by a train , or if I was standing on the runway instead of in the airport . I called Palm and was obviously connected to Thailand or India or wherever the call center -LRB- which certainly was n't a problem , just an observation -RRB- and they said this was a common problem and they 'd be happy to send me a new one . Great ! I got my `` new '' Treo very quickly with no charge for shipping , but was somewhat displeased to find out it was a refurbished phone and my old one I sent back was in better condition -LRB- as far as scratches on the body , screen clarity , etc. -RRB- . Anyway , I was so happy to get rid of the problematic one that I went along with it . Now I wish I had n't ! About a month ago -LRB- just past the warranty expiration on the original unit , not sure it would even transfer to my refurbished one -RRB- the Treo 's screen calibration kept becoming inaccurate . I 'd reset the calibration and not 10 minutes later it 'd be off again . It would get maybe 1 inch off calibration , so I 'd intend to choose one calendar entry , and it would instead hit the button for Monday and skip to another day ! Or I 'd attempt to pick 5pm and it would highlight the entry at 10am . There was apparently no fix for this issue , even with hard resets , reinstallations of software , etc. I was pretty upset that within just over 1 year I was already trying to replace my second Treo . Anyway , to make a long story short , I pawned it in Asia to a used cell phone vendor that was so desperate to get an American phone he did n't seem to care that the screen was misaligned , and now I 'm here on Amazon purchasing a Blackberry ...
 This is the 3rd piece of junk treo i have been given . I have suffered through spontaneous reboots , dropped calls , locking screens , you name it . Now the latest is screen bleeding that no one will cover . This phone is junk .
 This was the second Treo 600 that I got from Amazon.com three weeks later some fonctions on the keyboard stop working . When I contacted Palm they told the warranty does not cover keyboard failure then I called T-mobile who advised me to backup the data and do a hard reset . Still did n't work . I called back on satuday 02/04/2006 , Palm told me that I have to send them the unit for repaire or pay $ 25 to get a `` premium exchange option '' and that I would get the unit in 2 to 3 business day . I called back on the following Wednesday palm said to wait untill Friday.Called On Friday they said that it could be shipped on Monday . I asked to be refunded my $ 25 because they lied on the terms , the operator said that she could not .
 I have always liked palm products . We use them in our business and they do save us a lot of time . I purchased this product to save myself from having to carry a palm and a phone.The good : Very loud ringer.Plays MP3 's with a mini sd card and free player ava on download.com.Nice looking and feels well made when holding it in your hand.Uses Palm software for 100 's of software titles.Keyboard is easy to use.The Bad : No properly functioning alarm clock . One can be purchased for $ 20 !!! Has a huge delay when answering a phone call for the caller to hear your `` Hello `` Case is `` slick '' and is easy to fall out of your hand when talking.Charging system is junk . Broke 1st day It arrived.If phone falls just right it is broke beyond repair.I truly loved this phone but it just is not a real business phone . It does what it is supposed to do , but can not stand up to the slighest drop or `` real world '' hazards . I have an el-cheapo phone that has been through a war and still works and cost $ 49 . For the original price of this I would expect the same . I would recommend buying another phone , as the quality is really bad .
 Hi , Before buying this phone from Amazon , I called Palm and they told me that there would be a 1 year warranty on this item as long it is new . I subsequently bought this unlocked version of the phone and I am using it on the T-Mobile network.I now have a problem on the display within 2 months of purchase . I call Palm and after multiple run arounds with tech support , they asked me to read out my serial number . It starts with a HAGA which , they indicate , means that it has to be on the AT&T ; Wireless Network . According to them , I am in violation of the warranty since I am using it on the T-Mobile network . How am I know what the serial number on the back of the phone means prior to my purchase ? If I am purchasing a GSM unlocked phone , obviously I need the flexibility to move to a different network.Palm is taking the easy way out - they want you to buy an unlocked phone from their site and not from Amazon . Amazon , itself , does not provide any warranty.If any of you have had better luck with Palm or have any suggestions - please let me know.Thanks
 This phone/pda has real problems . I too am waiting for Joe Schmoe 's phone to be refurbished by Cingular and sent to me . I am just hoping that I am within the warrantee -- something that Cingular can not confirm , although I have had the various phones almost a year -- or just over a year . You are asking for it if you buy this device !
 The treo 600 has been nothing but problems for me . First after I bought the phone it took verizon a while to figure out how to turn it on ... the store said they could n't do it . Then the phone stopped working and would reset itself when I tried to use anything at all . After getting a new phone I got a 1000 dollar bill from verizon because they had signed me up for the wrong plan and the internet would stay on for 24 hours straight . After a few months the new phone is no longer working ... it is now constantly reseting itself . I 'm very frustated . Great idea combining phone and pda but get a different model and do n't use verizon . By the way the camera is crap ... 0.3 megapixel ... doesnt take any good pics that you can actually see .
 What a waste of time ! This piece of junk disconnected the phone call ; the system just frozen and not responded and the PDA system crashed ALL DAY LONG . Palm exchanged the phone 3 times in the last 6 months and they are all nightmares ... Get the Sony P910 or Blackberry if you do n't want your callers to get very upset .
 I got this phone and put the money into it so that I could add some handy software and have an all-in-one piece . This was the most pathetic phone I have ever had . I replaced it a total of 5 times before I just made T-mobile send me a completely unrelated phone . I spent so much money to get so little . The phone with just lock up all of the time , would not get service randomly that was unrelated to the service provider , it would need to be reset daily and then would constantly have to be backed up in fear of losing information and having to do a hard reset . I do not recommend this phone for a toy for a baby , much less for a user who really wants to have some sort of function other than looking at the pretty buttons .
 I bought the phone from verizon and had to replace it 3 times in the first 4 months . Phone kept restarting and disconnecting when I inserted a hands free ear/mic . Design for hand free is bad ... never fits well . Sound quality is bad.I would say you get what you pay for . The PDA is nice and all , and web feature is great if you do n't mind a $ 120 + bill each month . Still for $ 150 the phone part is terrible . Now I 'm stuck with it for another 18 months . UGHBuyers beware !
 Do n't buy this phone ever . I had it for just over six months and now it 's having problems from last 3 months ... Drop calls whenever it wants . . :-RRB- Now , popping up orange pixels on screen and seems like dead or burnt pixels and it 's growing day by day . . I called T-Mobile customer service and they are sending the replacement because it is under warranty . . What if it was n't ? Do the math . . They also charged me shipping for sending replacement . Ridiculous , is n't it ???? I am rating it 1 because that is the lowest score you can select here . . It 's < - infinity
 Bought one second-hand , -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- , and within 7 days it got orange pixels on the screen . I did a search on the web , and lots of people have the identical problem - http://discuss.treocentral.com/archive/index.php/t-51494.html
 i am not satisfied with my phone bec i ca n't maximize the features and i cant open my web . i tried to use the cd that comes with it but the serial number on the phone doesnt match . its not registered yet bec of this serial # . The silicon case i received is wrong , you sent me the one for 650 , my unit is 600 . i ' l apreciate if you send me the right one . Thank you .
 when i purchase this item i did not think that it would be a used item and not working properly i have retrun the item to the sender and not yet received my refund i would appriciate a responce asap i paid a lot of money for a non functional item which nnds to be refunded i have not received a responce a of yet pls proceed in doing so since this item was sold throught amazon the blue dot nnd responce asap thanks for your time
 I could not get this on without having a ton of air bubbles . It says it is reusable , and after taking it off to try to reapply it , it would not stick at all . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this clip because I wanted to carry my cellular on my belt.The basic design is good - the phone is held in a convinient position on my belt and didnt bother me when I sat down in work or in a car.There are two main problems previous reviewers mentioned which caused me to stop using it completely.The first one is that holding mechanism isnt strong enough , and the phone would sometimes get released when I sat down - nearly lost the phone in meeting rooms and company taxis a couple of times.The other one is that it once broke my phone 's back panel , which forced me to take the phone to a service center . Lockily I bought both the phone and the clip from Nokia , so they fixed it without charge but I still had to spend a couple of hours travelling to the service center and waiting in line for the fix.I resorted to using a leather carrying case - not ideal but doesnt break the phone either.As for the guy who wrote the oldest review , I guess he carries his phone in a briefcase and relies on hearing the phone 's ring rather than on vibrations .
 I 've gone through about seven of these clips in the last two years . I ca n't warn you enough -- do n't buy this , because you 're only getting a short-term lease.I broke most of them while sitting down in my car . It turns out that it does n't take a lot of force placed on the bottom of the phone to torque the clip apart.I 'm here on Amazon searching for a sturdier solution , but in the meantime , the phone stays in my pocket .
 I found that this clip , after only a few months , stopped holding the phone very well . Then , after about 6 months , the piece that attached to my phone RIPPED a section off of the back of my phone . Fortunately , the phone was still under the original manufacturer 's one-year warranty , but I have been using a standard case ever since .
 This clip is definitely useful , but it could be made better considering how much it costs . The flat metal spring that held the clip closed over my belt slowly deformed over a couple months , so the clip did n't close any more and the whole thing just fell off my belt . I found cheaper ones at my local electronics superstore that did n't do that -LRB- but broke other ways -RRB- . If you want a belt clip , this will work , but you have to face it ... this is n't the last one you 'll buy .
 All this thing does is break . I have had several of them and they all broke within 2 or 3 weeks .
 Cell phone easily gets pushed up and disconnected from holder when worn on the belt and you sit in certain chairs . Lost my phone just this way and because of this product . Luckily found it later . Nice idea , but it needs improvement in design and those of us who purchased one of these should be provided with a re-designed product .
 I broke this after 2 months ' use ; I 'm retiring and do n't use mobile phone too much ... so , you better go with a metal one .
 Ever since i first switched to the iphone my biggest complaint was the lack of a physical keyboard . when i got the iphone 5 i thought it was the time to finally take the plunge . i saw there were a few option but i was hesitant on some the cheaper priced items because i wanted something with high quality . i rather pay more up front and not have to worry about issues in the long run . so i passed on the $ 30 options and found the `` premium '' $ 100 option . the boxwave keyboard buddy . bluetooth keyboard , backlight keys , 2 week batter life , slim aluminum profile ... it was exactly what i wanted . looking at pictures of it online my mouth watered.ready to take the plunge i was dissapointed it didnt come out for another month . -LRB- 10/27 -RRB- finally the end of october came and it was delayed to my disappointment . -LRB- 11/16 -RRB- that thursday -LRB- 11/15 -RRB- i placed my preorder . the weekend went by and the product page still showed a preorder status -LRB- shipping 11/16 -RRB- despite the fact it was the 18th ! finally that wednesday i get a notification my order shipped that monday -LRB- 11/19 -RRB- . checking my shipping status was also a dissapointment because it rarely updated . after much confusion with ups and the post office my order was delivered on the 28th . must have came from china i thought , despite the fact that it claims my order started in washington . opening it up the packaging was cheap but who cares ! the case felt as good as it looked ! i let if fully charge before i used to so i wouldnt have to worry about it for the rest of the week . i enjoyed that case for a whole day and thought it was the cat 's pajamas.soon to my disappointment i found it started having pairing issues after one day . i couldnt get it to sync for long periods of time . and it only got worst . now it only syncs long enough for me to send one message before i have to re pair it . i cant tell if it the fact that the battery is dying but that couldnt be true , could it ? they claim 2 weeks of moderate battery use so in my mind thats 8-10 days real world use ... . but its dead after 4 days ? sounds like a company you could trust ! so today i started exploring the website to find out about how to get mine swapped , maybe its just a bad one . while searching i find `` Boxwave 's Warranty Policy . '' How long does boxwave guarantee their products to work ? 2 years like a good company should ? nope . 1 year like most companies now a days do ? nope . 100 DAYS ! 3.5 months ... . do you know how short that is ? that is the same warranty comapnies offer on REFURBISHED products ! so boxwave believes there $ 100 case is as good quality as a product that breaks and is then `` fixed '' and sold at a lower cost . its as good of quality as a used car sold by a used car dealer . A brand new premium product with the guarantee of a lower quality warranty . scary . even if i did swap mine out , i started having problems day 2 , what happens on day 101 ? -LRB- 3 months 11 days , not that far away -RRB- i go buy another $ 100 case ? or do i reminisce of day one where everything was perfect and ignore the $ 100 other days of hell?stay away people . this is a $ 10 cases components wrapped in a $ 50 case shell sold for $ 100 and backed by a 100 % satisfaction guaranteed refurbished warranty.FOR THOSE WHO DONT WANT TO READ AND JUST SKIM TO THE BOTTOM I WILL SAVE YOU TIME : CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP , CRAP .
 No ... just ... no.I was excited to try this the keyboard out . The case itself is actually ok . It 's a little blocky , but hey , what do you expect when you connect a keyboard to your iphone ? I actually like the design . With that said , I had problems plugging the USB into the case , and also had sync problems after charging the keyboard fully . The spacebar on the keyboard does not click , so you never knew when you pressed the space or not . I often found myself clicking it two or three times ... I also thought the keyboard was sort of flimsy and felt `` cheap '' . This probably has to do with the fact they wanted to keep weight down , but I felt like if I dropped the phone with the keyboard open that it would break very easily.I think with some tweaks this keyboard case could be awesome , but this model is n't for me . It 's not worth $ 80 . At most I 'd pay $ 45 for an item like this . With improvements it could be worth the $ 80 , but as it is now ... no ... go another route.One big positive are the customer service people at BoxWave . I ordered my item directly from BoxWave , and the return process was easy and straight forward .
 had a bad experience getting the product from box wave . I had been looking forward to receiving the product , but am really dissappointed with the product . Is very poorly built and also very heavy . The usb port is placed or manufactured incorrectly so you have to tilt and push the charging cable in . The space bar does not press -LRB- click -RRB- as the other keys , which is also poorly built . I am also experiencing sync issues . If you press a key once sometimes it stays pressed and you get multiple letters of the same key which could be a fault in the key or sync issue . Over all , its a waste of money
 I am a longtime Blackberry user and was hoping this keyboard would help when typing long emails on my iPhone5 . I could n't get used to it and ended up just not using it at all . The tiny keys are lined-up in straight columns , too close together and the space bar is too narrow . It could have been much more useable if they had n't tried to tried to cram so many functions into such a tight space . Give me just the basic alpha keys with function keys to get special characters and I would have been much happier .
 CONTINUOUSLY have to pair/sync this with my phone . It will stop typing mid sentence , then I have to turn the keyboard off then back on with the cheap , hard to move switch . This will happen about every 5 or 6 words typically , but can range from way more to way less . Whats way less than 5 words you ask ? Pressing one button and have it continually be entered on the screen since the connection was lost , then having to erase the repeated letters that were entered , then the delete key does the same thing erasing possibly your entire message . This happens even right after its been charged , so cant be the battery.Id expect more out of such an expensive product . Having an extra thing to charge every couple of days -LRB- NOT 2 WEEKS -RRB- is an extra annoyance I 'd be willing to put up with if this thing worked . This has driven me to sell my iPhone and buy a smartphone with a keyboard built in -LRB- Droid 4 -RRB- . If you need a keyboard , buy a phone that has one already .
 I had this product for two weeks and starting having problems . Blinking yellow LED , solid green LED during charging , but it would not hold a charge . Finally a solid blue LED before its death . LED operation was not described in operator 's manual , so I had no idea how to troubleshoot this problem . I sent 3 E-Mails to Boxwave customer service , and have not received any response . I got their phone number -LRB-425-RRB-828-6641 from the BBB , but their voice mailbox is full . Really ? Who sells a defective product and completely ignores its customers ? Boxwave will probably be out of business in a year , because customers do n't tolerate this type of service . Stay away from Boxwave !
 I used it for hardly Two days and then it stopped working ... i live in india so no easy replacements for me ... I wud say a really unreliable product , a total waste of money ... Really depressed each time i look at it ... . Dont buy dis product ... There e far better options available in the market and much cheaper also ... . Its one of the costliest keyboard around and dis is what da result is ...
 Pros
 Do not waste your time or money on this one . This is a great idea , but unfortunately the production quality was subpar . The unit works via bluetooth with the iPhone and the connection is incredibly unreliable . When I bought the unit a few weeks ago , there were very few customer reviews listed for the keyboard . Now that I have it , there are a number of reviews indicating that it suffers from bluetooth connectivity issues . I have packaged it up and returned it to the seller -LRB- unfortunately a third party on Amazon -RRB- and am hoping that a refund is provided /
 A genuinely good idea but the service and product built was just way below average . I preordered the item but I have to chase it a few times before the manufacturer ship it , needless to ship , arrived way after the original schedule delivery date . Then the USB connector was loose so I can not charge it properly -LRB- I can understand there may be production glitches and that 's life -RRB- but the really annoying part is the service , I contacted the manufacturer nearly a week ago and I am still waiting for their feedback , may be they forgot they are suppose to turn around within 48 hours . Anyway , I still have a defective unit sitting on my desk and I am still using the Apple onscreen virtual keyboard ... . Not a great experience .
 The product is absolute crap . The USB cable is faulty and does not properly fit into the keyboard or the computer jack . Once I managed to get both ends to insert -LRB- with great care and effort -RRB- did the keyboard charge ? Nope . Also the pairing button did n't work.Avoid avoid avoid . Do not buy this product .
 Like others , I thought the higher price of this keyboard would equate to higher quality . I was wrong ... very , very wrong . The keyboard itself is flimsy , much thinner than the $ 24 competitor I got . The power switch is incredibly flimsy , I ca n't tell if it 's on or not . The keyboard seems much looser than the competitor when closed -- it 's not very comforting . Tactile feedback is not as good as the cheaper alternative . And somehow , this keyboard drains my battery like crazy -- sending several short text messages with no other activity took my phone from 100 % to 92 % . This behavior happened more than once , and again the alternative does not show the same behavior . Even the charging port is flimsy , I really had to work to get the mini usb connector attached , and was afraid I was going to break it.The only reason this is n't one star is I have not experienced the pairing issues others have described . Price to quality ratio would make this less than one star , especially since all these issues are corrected in an alternative that costs a quarter as much .
 The biggest downside to this keyboard is n't really the fault of the manufacturer ; Apple will not allow external keyboards to use auto-capitalize and auto-correction features . Beyond that , however , there is only one shift key on the left side of the keyboard , making it impossible to capitalize half of the letters easily . Also , the keyboard jiggles a bit when it slides back under the phone . I have tried to begin the process of returning mine , but customer service has not responded to my request nearly one week after I made it . Bottom line
 Having owned two of the Body Glove Earglove Headsets , I would not purchase another one . Both of mine broke after a few weeks of use . Either the boom snapped off or the ear connector broke off where the boom connects to the headset . I 'm very careful with my cell phone and related items , handling each with care . Poor design .
 I found the earpiece , which is adjustable , to be comfortable and clear sounding . However , in conversations with others on the phone -LRB- and test messages to myself -RRB- , I was barely audible at a normal conversational volume to both the other party on the line and voicemail.It seems to me that the microphone -LRB- which supposedly features noise canceling -RRB- is either too short for its intended purpose or is not sensative enough . I recommend another product that allows you to hear and to be heard .
 I purchased this so I could be a safe driver . This item failed me .
 I do n't like this thing at all . It 's painful to wear -- the speaker is like a big round hard knob which does n't squeeze well into my un-knoblike ear . Maybe if they made the speaker have a more comfortable shape it would work well , but it kills me right now . I also spend forever trying to get it on . At any rate , I prefer the Ericsson hands-free where it 's just a soft earpiece you can just stick in your ear without any fumbling .
 Well , had 2 headsets in my hands . Plantronics M145 and this bodyglove.Put the bodyglove on , very comfortable , and I could hear the phone ringing loudly in my ear -LRB- good -RRB- . Mom answered , and attempted talking . . After numerous Hellos ? I unplugged the headset and told her I was testing a new headset . Plugged it back in , and after much adjusting and shouting realized it wasnt going to work for me . So , I told her to hold on a moment I was going to try it again.Plugged in the M145 and started talking , she asked me if I was going to try the headset again.I guess first things first , avoid the body glove . Second , get the plantronics if you want a good headset
 Especially if you own any Touchpoint phone . Go for something that is made specifically for your phone , not a generic item . The jack does n't fit well with my Touchpoint , rendering the headset useless . Also , the inability to adjust the earpiece makes it slip off -LRB- I have small ears -RRB- .
 I bought this item because of it 's looks and also because I have several Body Glove items . BUT , the earpiece do not fit right in my ear , it constantly drops out , the so called button to answer/end calls wo n't work on my Motorola Vulcan . The only thing I think it 's OK is in the sound subject , I can clearly hear and they can clearly hear me .
 It LOOKS like a good product , right ? Yet it is not . I used this device for 3 days before having to return it . Most of the tiem you can hear the other person , but they can * barely * hear you . And G-d forbid you have to use it in the * slightest * of windy conditions - you wo n't be able to hear anything and the other person will think you are sitting on the wing of an airplane . Skip this product folks ...
 This product is awful , the microphone does not work well at all . Everyone I called got irritated with me because they could n't hear a word I was saying . I ca n't comment on the comfort of the earpiece because I did n't get to wear it long enough . Do a favor for everyone you will call and buy a different headset !
 This product was the best I 've owned when it comes to staying in the ear and sound quality but the earpiece came apart after a few weeks . I was going to buy another but this has happened to too many people .
 I am actually back here to buy a replacement ... I bought two of these and my husbands fell apart within a week . During that week we used them , they had the WORST echo or feedback sound . The name brand sold me , but the name is not enough to make this a good product . I have spent thousands at Amazon and this is the first thing I bought that was absolutely the pits . Too bad I bought two , and even worse yet , did n't return them for credit . Ugh , go look at something else !
 As if it was n't uncomfortable enough to have to ram that thing into my ear , part of the bloody ear piece broke off and nearly required a pair of tweezers to dislodge it .
 There 's got to be a better solution . The earpiece is fine . The microphone is awful . Period .
 this was recommended to me . nice design ... but the sound is mediocre . compare it to the included nokia earpiece ! i wanted a `` boom mic '' , but the sound for me -LRB- & for those i 've called -RRB- is shrill , & not very clear.waste of $ .
 out of the box it worked great , but within 60 days of use the microphone no longer worked . so now its on to another brand . .
 This headset is designed for infants . The microphone is so short that it sounds like you are speaking from miles away -LRB- only an infant 's face is small enough to talk directly into this microphone -RRB- . I had to talk to the side of my face for the other side to hear what I was saying . Do n't waste your money !!!!
 I really would n't buy this product unless you like the pretty colors.It really is worthless unless you plan to use them in church to speak to your priest in the next confessional.Not for high performance business use ... but if you need something that will perform and can get knocked around at the beach its worth it .
 I puchased this for the reason that ; it hooked around your ear and , it had a small boom microphone which , I though would perform better than my Jabra earset . Unfortuately , I was wrong.Sound quality was pretty good but , in order to achieve that quality you have to get the earpiece firmly in your ear . This is where my pain came in ! The hard earpiece had to be lodged in my ear in such a way that , after about five to ten minutes , I had to take it out because of discomfort . While I did use it I tested the microphone by leaving myself voice mail messages both at home and on my cell phone . The sound quality was poor . If I could n't even understand the message I left myself , that 's pretty poor.Overall , I could not recomend this for the reasons mentioned above . Save your money and , look elsewhere and , let me know if you find someting good !
 Used this one for about a month and a half before it fell apart . The glue on the earpiece failed and now the speaker plug is hanging loose from its cheap plastic casing . The ear fit was n't too comfortable either . I bought this because I did n't want one of those dangling mics , and this one looked less geeky than some of the other choices -LRB- like the Plantronics -RRB- , but am now very much regretting my decision . btw , a coworker bought the Plantronics , and it has much better sound and build quality .
 The design was flawed at best . It fell apart within 45 days , the ear piece came apart , the wiring became exposed at the earpiece , and the sound was lost soon after . The sound was mediocre . The only positive thing about it was the fact that it did n't fall off your ear . It really was a waste of my $ $ $ $ .
 I could not wait to order this product . It looked great , had good technical writeups and reviews . When I did receive the headset I was very disappointed . I have a Nokia 8260 and the Body Globe 2.5 mm jack does not properly fit . The volume is so low that conversations are impossible . I already use the headset Nokia includes with the 8260 and it works very well . I was truely hoping for a more versitile and stylish headset . Instead I got a lemon with poor quality fit and performance .
 This is a prime example of form over function . The headset itself is comfortable and form fitting . The earpiece sounds great if you find the sweet spot . However , the microphone piece does not pick up ANY sound - and this is after trying multiple sets . It was a great idea , but use some other headset instead .
 I bought one of these , and the sound was so terrible - both talking and hearing - that I sent it back . The replacement was just as bad , and over the course of the week , the whole thing fell to bits . It was completely unusable , and they would n't honour the warranty , saying I must have abused it . As much as I would have liked to , I was very careful . The plastic bits covering the electronics just fell off as I was wearing it.Also , in both cases , the ear thing was very difficult to set up for my ear and then to get on and off without screwing it up . If it is n't in just the right place , you ca n't hear.This is a REALLY bad product and a total waste of money . The idea is good , however . Perhaps a better company will make one that actually works .
 Do not buy this particular product if you have a Nokia 8260 . The jack fits mechanically , but not electrically . The result is that the volume to the earpiece is so low it is unusable . Body Glove makes a version specifically for the Nokia 8260 , but it is not yet offered by ... ... is now aware of this and no longer recommends this model for the Nokia 8260 .
 Okay , I 'll be nice , the thing does look good and the sound is exceptional -LRB- transmission and reception -RRB- , but the comfort level , which was what I thought would be great coming from Body Glove , was horrible . I twisted and bent the arm that goes behind your ear to perfection and I still never felt like it was going to stay in place . The thing is VERY light , which should be a good thing but I felt it moving every time I did . Finally the darn thing just fell apart . One minute I am talking ... I get home , tell my friend I will call him back , I disconect it from my phone and go to take it off my ear to find that the receiver bit is still in my ear !!! To the trash it went . Buy the . Yes it looks wierd but it fits , sounds great and the rubbery ear thing rarely comes off . It does come off but not enough to bug . Either way avoid this product .
 If you plan to use this in a car forget about it . The microphone is short and sits along your cheek . This means whoever you are talking to will mostly hear car noise rather than whatever you are trying to say . Add to this an ear piece that falls out if you blink , and I amlooking to buy yet another hands free set for my car .
 -LRB- +2 -RRB- plug to phone securely , not loose like cheap models . -LRB- +2 -RRB- ear-bud hears clearly , and mic speaks clearly . -LRB- -1 -RRB- mic is a little too sensitive and pick up noise . -LRB- -1 -RRB- comfortable w/o glasses , but hard to wear with glasses .
 I get it ... use it three times , and then the earpiece falls right out of the socket ... the sound quality was decent ... but three uses ?? I am returning it and going to try the Nokia Brand ... what was I thinking ? Body Glove makes wetsuits !!
 I was very disappointed with the earglove . It looked so cool with the interchangeable foam covers and all , but I just could n't get it to work for me . The build quality left a lot to be desired , and after several attempts to fit it comfortably , it sort of came apart , although I managed to get it together again . Then I just could n't get the earbud thing to fit in my ear ; if I stuck it right in it was very painful , as it 's not padded , and if I positioned it hovering outside my earhole , I could hardly hear a thing , especially when the car was moving . I had much better luck with a competitor earpiece which looped right around my ear , and had a broader speaker cover which sat outside my earhole and gave plenty of volume . Another irritating thing about the earglove was the mute button , which if your phone is not compatible cuts off the call instead.I do n't want to be too harsh since I think with these ear-thingies its just a case of finding one which fits the shape and size of your ear best . Maybe the earglove would work well for you . Its just a shame you have to buy one to find out . Maybe a friend has one you could try for size first , because if it does n't fit it will be useless .
 I expected a working quality product that lived up to its advertising . The sound quality was poor both to the wearer and to the person I called . The phone plug is too thick and prevents the cover from being pull down . I would say that it is not compatible with the Nokia 7000 series phones . I am returning it for a refund .
 when my state passes a law that i must use one of these in the car ... . i wo n't be using this one . people tell me that my voice sounds tinny and is annoying . it 's flimsy and it does n't stay in the ear very well either . it 's in the glove compartment and will probably stay there .
 The Earglove is a cool looking hands free gadget , no doubt . The little neoprene dealies are purely aesthetic but I suppose style counts for something . And it is comfortable to wear , also giving you good audio quality on your end . People on the other end of the line tell me that it 's hard for them to hear , however , making it pretty much worthless to me .
 the unit fits me quite well , the incoming sound is clear and loud , and the on/off feature is cute . But , according to almost everyone that I have called using this accessory , it is very diffcult to hear me . i cant figure out what the problem is ... maybe they cut down its mike sensitivity to eliminate extraneous sounds ... anyway , they need to figure out what many others have suceeded in , that being to get the mike to be sensitive enough to pick up voices efficiently.the styling is nice , and have had no quality problems . but , I just cant make myself heard .
 -LRB- Note
 I 've loved Body Glove products since the late 80 's -LRB- and I even own a Body Glove PDA case -RRB- , but a little piece of neoprene does not a Body Glove product make . The one thing I do like about it is the fact you can wrap it around your ear when you are n't talking , and -LRB- like most similar products -RRB- it is very uncomfortable when inserted in your ear.After using the product occasionally for about 2 months , the speaker part of the headset simply came out of the housing . I tried 3 or 4 times to put it back in and get it to stay , but it kept popping out . After wrestling with it for a few days , the speaker finally quit working . I went to the incredibly weak Body Glove web site and sent them an e-mail asking about warranty , etc , but I never got a response . Figures.If I buy a ... . product , I expect to use it longer than a few months . And , if I have a product that I have problems with , I at the very least expect a response from the manufacturer.Body Glove suckered me for -LSB- what I paid -RSB- . Never again .
 The product works great -- until it breaks , which is a couple of months after you buy it . I bought two . Both broke.purchase 1 : -LRB- 1 -RRB- within a couple of months , the microphone no longer transmitted my voice -LRB- my callers could n't hear me -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- within a couple of months , the little speaker thing came loose from its casing.purchase 2 : -LRB- 1 -RRB- in less than a month , the little speaker thing came loose from its casing -LRB- 2 -RRB- the part that you plug into the phone has got these little plastic tabs that hold it securely in the phone . One of those tabs snapped off in under a month 's time , leaving the product useless .
 I was very disappointed with the earglove . It looked so cool with the interchangeable foam covers and all , but I just could n't get it to work for me . The build quality left a lot to be desired , and after several attempts to fit it comfortably , it sort of came apart , although I managed to get it together again . Then I just could n't get the earbud thing to fit in my ear ; if I stuck it right in it was very painful , as it 's not padded , and if I positioned it hovering outside my earhole , I could hardly hear a thing , especially when the car was moving . I had much better luck with a competitor earpiece which looped right around my ear , and had a broader speaker cover which sat outside my earhole and gave plenty of volume . Another irritating thing about the earglove was the mute button , which if your phone is not compatible cuts off the call instead.I do n't want to be too harsh since I think with these ear-thingies its just a case of finding one which fits the shape and size of your ear best . Maybe the earglove would work well for you . Its just a shame you have to buy one to find out . Maybe a friend has one you could try for size first , because if it does n't fit it will be useless .
 Sigh ... I bought this product after having read the first review on this page . I WAS a happy customer . The earpiece was comfortable like no other , I could hear all of my calls , crystal clear . I loved it . But to my dismay , all of the people I called complained that it was very difficult to hear me . I would call from my car or in a room and all complained of a `` windy and static '' noise . A noise so loud that most of them did n't want to continue that conversation . ` nuff said?Too bad I 'll be returning this one . None of the other pieces have been this comfortable .
 I wrote a review before , It WAS great . how things change the ear piece fell apart and now the headset is useless . I adjusted the rating downward . Beware . ***** ORIGINAL REVIEW FOLLOWS ****** This model is far superior to the Ericsson hand-free model . I used the Ericsson hands-free and I was always straining to hear . With the Body Glove model I have no problem hearing or others hearing me.Also the Ericsson model has nothing to hold the earpiece you must shove it down your ear canal . Not good hygiene.Must have especially now as it is illegal to drive with a cellular phone in hand in NY
 My Startac was everything it could be so I blindly bough the T722i thinking it would be the same , what a waste . Its got the right hardware , but its the dumb things the software is missing that hurt . You ca n't sent address entries over the air like most other GSM phones . You ca n't select what type of clock you want -LRB- I find the cute analog clock to hard to read when its so small on only moderate resolution -RRB- . You ca n't delete any of the pre-installed images -LRB- its my memory thank you -RRB- . It has to little Java memory to be useful . The camera sucks . The clock is not displayed durring a call -- With such a huge screen and they do n't even leave the clock on . The programers should be ashamed to have wasted the hardware . The RS232 camera is also a terrible afterthough .
 Motorola has been a leading cell phone manufacture . But I am disappointed with this phone . Some of the features are not working properly . There is display delay of 2 seconds . Some button presses do not respond all the time . The display quality is not good as Samsung or Sony phones . The sound quality is replaced by a cheap DSP ... It is larger than same priced Samsung phone , and a small drop will kill the phone . I had Samsung , Nokia , Sony , and Motorola phones for past 10 years or so . By far this is the most fragile phone . I like the flip phones . If you want a flip phone with good reliability and features , GET the SAMSUNG phone ... . I am very supprised that Motorola does not offer any blue tooth phone either . They are behind in technology .
 The phone is not really bad to say but could have been designed better , for example , the camera is seperated from the phone which makes it hard to grab it with you all the times .
 This phone should be less then free people should pay you to walk around with this phone . I have owned this phone less then 2 months and I take really good care of it considering , I wipe the screen off every time I 'm done useing it I clean it each day , I even clean the lint out of my pocket before I put it in there but still for some reason lint and dust and hairs get under the screen in mine and my brothers and thats not the only problem I spend about 5 minutes each night just trying to get the phone to charge because the charger doesent clip in right or the phone just says unable to charge even of the phone hasent been charged for 2 days . This phone looks good on line and sounds like a great deal with the camera attachment but let me tell you its not . Take my advice and dont buy this phone it is a HUGE waist of money .
 I bought this phone in January of 2003 . Since then I 've had nothing but troubles with this phone.First of all , some technical shortcomings with the phone :1 . Phonebook - You can not perform a search on phonebook ... scrolling tends to be very annoying .2 . Ringer - NOT loud enough . I 've missed numerous calls because of this reason . Ring tones are very low quality compared to Samsung S105 .3 . Software - Very slow to respond to button sometime .4 . Screen - Not so good resolution . Camera attachment is just there to lure you in .5 . Antenna - FREQUENT dropped calls from low signal ...
 Do n't make the same mistake that I did . The phone is why I signed up for T-Mobile -LRB- it really should be free . . the resolution on the screen & digital camera is poor to say the least -RRB- . . but what is the use of the phone when you ca n't even make phone calls during your `` unlimited minutes . '' I am lucky to even have a phone call go through without receiving a `` message failed '' or `` network busy '' signal . When my calls do go through , they are usually cut off in mid conversation . I called the customer service center ... and their response was ... well yes we do know that this is a problem in your area but have no immediate plans of extending your coverage area . Now I am stuck with a contract and a nice phone ... but no coverage . The coverage in my area is even listed officially as GREAT by T-mobile . AVOID T-MOBILE LIKE THE PLAGUE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 When I first got this phone I was very excited about it , but now I am ready to bail out from T-Mobile and get a different phone and plan .1 -RRB- The coverage is lousy . As soon as you leave a metro area , you lose coverage . There seems to be no roaming option with T-Mobile , unlike other phone companies .2 -RRB- The phone is an interesting toy , but the camera is unwieldy and does n't work very well . The pictures are dim , blurry , and the screen has poor resolution . Altogether a disappointing experience .
 I 've had this phone for about 1 month now , and already there is dust trapped under the screen and it is almost impossible to get out . The phone features are ok , not the best . The major let down of this thing is that the screen gets dust under it non-stop making it impossible to even see the screen most of the time . I 've tried taking it to T-Mobile , and they said they 'd try to repair it , but if they broke it ... they would n't replace it . That got me fired up . This phone is ok feature wise , but has a terrible build to it . DONT GET IT !!!
 I would advise anyone thinking of purchasing this phone to choose another one ! I have had this phone for a little over six months and have already had to have a replacement phone sent to me . This phone has horrible reception and will drop calls in the middle of a conversation . The color on this phone is nothing to brag about and the camera does not take clear pictures at all . For anyone thinking of buying this phone do n't waste your money . I would suggest going with a samsung . They seem to get the best reception and have the best color . Do n't waste your money on this phone , you 'll be disappointed . I know I am !
 I 've had this phone for an extremely unfortunate 6 months . The other day , it started making noise while on vibrate , so I had to get another one.Good : - display is big and not awful-you can close the phone while the earpeace is in-external ID-umm . . reception is . . acceptable ? -LRB- I 'm shooting for anything here -RRB- . Bad : - enormous-flimsy-camera really sucks-screen gets dirty while talking-SLOWWWWW-most ringtones are obnoxious-just annoying and ugly2 out of 5 , just do n't get it . It 's as simple as that . Get an E105 or V300 or something , just do n't get this .
 I 've been a T-Mobile customer for many years , but am very disappointed with my current phone -- the Motorola T720i -LRB- now called the T722i -RRB- . My first complaint arose on my first call . The earpiece volume is very low even at maximum volume and some calls just have to be ended if they 're being made in an environment with any background noise . Many other complaints followed . Most dealt with hardware quality . My 1st one had a flaw in the flip mechanism that caused the phone to think it was being flipped shut when it was n't -- ending calls unexpectedly . The 1st and 2nd ones would routinely `` freeze up '' during calls . The signal strength meter indicated full strength and the call timer was still counting , but the person on the other end could n't hear me anymore and was soon disconnected . This daily occurrence required me to contact T-Mobile and get a 3rd one of these phones , which I 'm sorry to say still has the strange `` freeze '' problem . All 3 have had the maddeningly low volume as well . Resolution and variable light functionality on the camera attachment are horrible as well , as is the color-quality on the display in general . It just looks washed-out , almost black & white at times despite adjustments . The good news is that Customer Service is great at T-Mobile and they always replace the phone when I have problems . Avoid this phone , however . I 'm going back to Nokia .
 This phone is like made of a piece of glass . I dropped it by accident on the floor and LCD started cracking . TMobile charged $ 75 for the repair/exchange . I have n't seen such a phone that is so fragile . This is definitely not a phone recommended for day-to-day use .
 This is the absolute worst cellphone i have ever owned ! i think that this phone is poorly made . Every friend that I have that owns this phone all have the same problems . After less than a month the screen started blanking out and the `` flip '' has `` flopped '' ! Not to mention the camera SUCKS ! I thought that I just got a bad model and I planned to return it , until I was told by more than a few friends that they all had similar problems . I 'm switching to the Nokia 3650 . Let 's see how that goes ...
 I had this phone for about 5 days before I wanted to toss it out the window . It rings when there is no call comming in and WONT STOP . I returned it to the store where I bought -LRB- T-mobile -RRB- it but because it had been 35 days instead of 30 , they said they could not exchange it for a new one but would give me a `` previously used '' phone . After 5 replacements , I bought a NOKIA . The camera sucks , and the battery life and signal suck too .
 Are u kidding me . This phone has made me think twice about using motorola phones . It does have good colors and stuff like that but there are more cons than pros . First of all , I have sent my phone back to Tmobile twice for a new one because the charger keep getting messed up . The camera feature is just more than atrocious . If u are not outside , u probably will not see anything o the screen . It is also an attachment which means that u cant take a picture of someone without them noticing . This is why a phone with a in built camera is nicer like Samsung and LG and Panasonic . I would tell anyone
 Do not buy the phone for the Camera . If you are looking for a great camera phone , the picture quality of the Samsung v205 is Much better . However , I am disappointed with the battery life of both . . The Motorola T722i is fast . . the color screen is not as bright as the Samsung -- -LRB- I cant help but compare the two -RRB- . However . . iside for apearances . . the motorola has twice as manny accessories and features -LRB- including the desktop speakerphone . . and mp3 player addons -RRB- so if you are into little gadgets like those , its a great phone . OR . . you can wait until the new Sony Erickson gets to the US -- which has a touch pad face and the features of both without all the addons : - -RRB-
 The second day after I got this phone , it would n't turn on . I had to exchange it for another one . Now , four months later , the end key does n't work and turns off every time I plug in my handsfree.I called T-Mobile , they said they were going to send me a replacement . They did , but they failed to tell me that it was a refurbished model . It had dirt in the keypad . I had to vacuum it but it 's still dirty.I went to a T-Mobile store and was told that they discontinued the T722i because there were so many returns due to defects .
 I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since . It feels poorly constructed , the menus are difficult to navigate , and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them . My biggest complaint is that there appears to be no way to go from high volume to vibrate noiselessly -LRB- each push of the volume button makes a beep -RRB- . I loved that feature on my StarTac . Look elsewhere for a good flip phone .
 I thought it was cool when I got it , but the more I used it , the more I hated it . I 've missed countless calls because I could n't hear it ringing . Navigating the user interface is unnecessarily complicated and slow . Switching ring modes requires you to navigate to the ring styles portion of the menu system , in my opinion , you should be able to change this without opening the phone . Battery life is horrible , if this phone goes into analog mode , you might as well turn it off , because the battery wo n't last more than a few minutes . I 'm considering re-activating my old Kyocera QCP-860 ThinPhone .
 Motorola has been a leading cell phone manufacture . But I am disappointed with this phone . Some of the features are not working properly . There is display delay of 2 seconds . Some button presses do not respond all the time . The display quality is not good as Samsung or Sony phones . The sound quality is replaced by a cheap DSP ... It is larger than same priced Samsung phone , and a small drop will kill the phone . I had Samsung , Nokia , Sony , and Motorola phones for past 10 years or so . By far this is the most fragile phone . I like the flip phones . If you want a flip phone with good reliability and features , GET the SAMSUNG phone ... . I am very supprised that Motorola does not offer any blue tooth phone either . They are behind in technology .
 Cons - Everything about this phone is bad ... really bad . The sound for one thing does not sound like polyphonic it is very fuzzy and some of the tones in the songs downloaded from the T-Moble web site are missing -LRB- the sony ericsson t300 has better sound than this phone -RRB- . The camera is svery bad on the screen of the phone unless you are outside with alot of light.The pictures will come out horrible until you send them to your computer then their ok . Their is only one game motoGP and that with the camera takes up all the memory -LRB- so unless u delete somthing you wont be able to add any more games -RRB- . The menu screen is very slow to move.the colors are bad they are not that vivid and the backgrounds that it comes with it are dark and if you try to brighten the screen of the phone the picture turns almost white . The phone is very slow . I had to return my phone twice to fix the charger on the phone because it never charges and the camera it oftenly not detected.you have to put it in more than 4 times for both the charger or camera to work . I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE FOR 2 REASONS THE PRICE OF SUCH A HORRIBLE PHONE -LRB- SHOULD BE FREE -RRB- AND THE QUALITY OF THIS PHONE.Pros - this phone are it is flip , changeable covers , battery life -LRB- can be better -RRB- . This phone is reception is ok and the ear piece sound is good -LRB- can be louder -RRB- .
 I have owned many phones , but this is the poorest in years . Battery life is 1-3 days without much use . When charging , you can not make or recieve calls . The rest is OK , but these are such big issues I ca n't wait until my contract expires so I can go back to Nokia .
 when i first got this phone i was very excited . but then the phone started to act up . sometimes when i am talking it would just cut me off . the reception is not really good . the ring tones are too soft and the vibration feature is really soft . i often miss my calls . the free camera phone is just a con to get you to get the phone . the camera does not have a good resolution . so all in all dont get this phone , it will be a big disappointment .
 My favorite thing about this phone is the ability to use `` In Da Club '' as my ring tone . Unfortunately , that 's all I like.For the first 3 weeks , it 's fine ... Then everything falls apart . The screen turns off , the antenna falls off , it switches to analog mode for no reason , the battery dies faster than most non-viagra users and the WORST thing is its refusal to charge . This piece of junk is so temperamental , you have to plug it in 12-17 times in order to get it to charge . Then 1-3 times a week , it will wait until you fall asleep , THEN stop charging - leaving you with a useless paperweight for your long day at work . And forget about replacing it , I 've had 7 in the past year and they ALL fall apart . Plus , your wireless provider will pull some crap about `` warranty periods '' and `` upgrade charges '' even though your * most recent * phone is only a month old . Stay Away ... far , far away .
 yeah , go with a different phone . this one has been discontinued because it has so many promlems . I 've had it for the past 8 months or so and I 'm getting ready to trade it in for a new one for the third time.problems the phone often encounters : - end button stops working-randomly dropped calls-answer the phone to both the microphone AND speaker not working-screen not working so you ca n't tell who 's calling-dirt gets under the screen very easilyI 'm sure there are more . it 's not all bad , but you 're much better off with another phone .
 one of my good friends has this phone and she hates it w / a passion . the battery life sucks , the screen goes out when u open it too quickly or hard , and the phone itself is flimsy . i was about to get this phone because of the good cash back deal ... but glad i did n't . = \
 I have CDMA version and battery life is short even not using games , the color display looks faded , its case looks cheap and fragile , buttons do n't work well -LRB- sometimes you have to force them -RRB- , there 's no software for downloading from PC , so every little thing you want to load on the phone -LRB- ringtones , wallpapers , etc -RRB- you have to pay for . Not even want to mention the camera ... Pure waste of money .
 Do n't loose the camera . Difficult to replace with any kind of search and it 's expensive . Dumb not to have it built in ... wish I had gotten the samsung that is similar to this one . I concur with most of the negative review . This in my only phone and I miss calls all the time .
 I got suckered in with the original price and then how much you get back when you sign up for service .1 . Do not use T-Mobile . Nothing but problems and thier service range is horrible .2 . I agree with the camera . It stinks .3 . Not taking the charge is annoying . Sometimes I have to play with the phone for sometimes 20 minutes so I can charge it overnight .4 . The phone is not durable at all and the screen turns all blue after opening the phone after it has been off the charger for an hour or so . The phone will not function right and I have to close it and wait for a few minutes for the phone to reset . My sister in laws does the same thing . The phone should not do this.Overall , I should have chose a little more wisely and know why they are giving so much back when you purchase the phone .
 I asked a sales yesterday about `` unlocking '' the phone , then I realized this model supports GSM 1900 ONLY !!! then I go to t-mobile . com to check the information , and found the sales said is TRUE !!! if you 're planning to use the cell phone overseas , NEVER GET THIS PHONE !!!
 that was one piece of junk that i wish i never bought . it looked really cool in the picture but once i got it and started using it people would always ask what was wrong with my phone . the sound quality was like talking through a pillow they 'd say , and it was constantly breaking up . i used it for two days and then gave up on it.waste of money guys .
 It is a really nice case . The keyboard can not be used unless removing the phone from the case . This ca n't be accomplished easily . You must remove the entire apparatus from your belt , and pull the phone out . The case is so tight that when you take the phone from the case to use the keyboard , the case pulls the battery cover off . If you do not use the keybaord on a daily basis this is your case . If it is used daily , find something else . It also has plastic over the screen so to use the stylus it must be removed as well . If you are using the phone only , then get this case , otherwise , this goes in the box with the other 20 unusable cell phone cases I have aquired for this device .
 I am very tech savvy when it comes to cell phones , and I must say the 550i looked very promising on paper
 I plugged it into my car and my 6 gb zen micro photo and it not only did n't charge the player it killed the battery which still had a 1/2 charge on it.It is a generic charger and does not work for this player .
 The phone and/or the service is very poor . The calls sound like I am talking to an alien . I have called Cingular to let them know and all I get is the run around . I was with verizon befor and had NO PROBLEMS with there service at all.I wanted to try cingulr because they have more phones to select from.I now regret going to Cingular and recommend you STAY as far away from them as you can .
 The device is too long to plug in to the lighter of my 1997 Buick Le Sabre . Probably many other make/models as well.Are there adaptors available somewhere ?
 No. 1 , they sent the wrong size for my phoneNo2.i contacted them by email 4 times to resolve the problemNo .3 they finnaly said to send it back -RRB- at my cost -RRB- and they would either send the right size or refund my money.i returned it in there original shipping package with the invoice and all pertinent information . so far i have been waiting 4 weeks and still nothing . so the hell with the whole thingrobert fletcher
 the nokia 7280 is not listed.I have one and want a car charger for it
 I 'm sure it works perfect but it claimed to work for the 2600 so I bought one for my dad . The product arrived within days but the plug is the wrong size for the phone . Buyer Beware !! because it seems they claim this is compatible with many phones but it really is not
 I got this when I got a Nokia 6600 years back and while the Nokia 6600 lasted very well and I really liked it and I only had to replace it when the on/off button got spoiled after 5 years I found that I had little use for the car charger as I also had a spare battery with me and so it turned out to be an impulse buy with little use for me . However , it does work okay and if you are the kind who spends hours in your car then this may be very useful should your battery dies when you need it the most . Another thing I found about this charger is the rubber/plastic covering the wire is cheap and started to turn white and then flake off after a while making it useless after that . I guess you get what you pay for and for the price advertised one should n't expect too much quality although the Nokia name has been tarnished a little for having itself associated with such a cheaply produced item .
 The little black tip on the end of the charger snapped off inside my 8260 leaving it unable to be charged with either the car charger or the wall charger . The ATT store could n't extract the piece and told me this was common for this charger and phone after 11/2 yrs . More of a hassle than I 'd expect . Sure , it worked fast but I 'm bothered by what seems planned obsolescence by the manufacturers at Nokia . I do n't like having to get a new phone or accessories every couple of years . Thumbs down on the durability .
 Do n`t waste your money . This does n`t work.The product description said it was for my phone . However It does n`t charge my phone at all .
 I 'm in the middle of my pregnancy , so I really need a car charger!Amazon 's description said this model was compatible with my NOKIA6102 flip cell phone , but it is n't it has the standard regular size tip for charging , which would work with most NOKIA cell phones prior to the NOKIA 6102 flip phone ! The NOKIA 6102 flip cell phone has a new smaller charger end , so with all due respect might I suggest that someone grab a NOKIA 6102 flip cell phone , and the above car charger to see that they are `` NOT '' compatible , to help prevent this in the future ! Because I am still pregnant and I still need a car charger , for my NOKIA 6102 cell phone!I due honestly appreciate the fact that Amazon at least paid for the return shipping , since the charger was n't compatible !
 The description said this would fit my Nokia N75 . It did not . I was very dissapointed . Buyer beware .
 I have a 1995 Saturn SC2 , and I ca n't use this car charger , I guess it is too long to fit into my cigarette lighter , I am unable to get it in all the way !
 The little black tip on the end of the charger snapped off inside my 8260 leaving it unable to be charged with either the car charger or the wall charger . The ATT store could n't extract the piece and told me this was common for this charger and phone after 11/2 yrs . More of a hassle than I 'd expect . Sure , it worked fast but I 'm bothered by what seems planned obsolescence by the manufacturers at Nokia . I do n't like having to get a new phone or accessories every couple of years . Thumbs down on the durability .
 Unfortunately , the description is mistaken . The connector on this charger is far too small for the model 6010 . While it may work perfectly well on some of the other listed models , if you have a 6010 , do n't buy it .
 i ordered a car charger for a particular Nokia phone , because i left the charger overseas . Was suprised at the VERY low price , but the shipping and handling is where these people make their money . So when the info on their site was bad , the charger did not work and guess who carries the bag ? A charger for 2 bucks and a 8 buck shipping , now if i pay $ 5 more i can send it back and maybe end up with the right charger , MAYBE . All this taking weeks to accomplish . Does your time have any value ???? Do n't order from them if it does .
 The little black tip on the end of the charger snapped off inside my 8260 leaving it unable to be charged with either the car charger or the wall charger . The ATT store could n't extract the piece and told me this was common for this charger and phone after 11/2 yrs . More of a hassle than I 'd expect . Sure , it worked fast but I 'm bothered by what seems planned obsolescence by the manufacturers at Nokia . I do n't like having to get a new phone or accessories every couple of years . Thumbs down on the durability .
 I am currently on my third of these car chargers . I have had to return the previous two , with some difficulty , as they continue to stop working . I have not been tough on them at all , they simply stop charging , the light wo n't go on , or they simply wo n't work . I realize that there are n't many options , as Samsung has been clever enough to design a very unique plug and it is unlikely that other manufacturers will emerge , but it is a shame that this product is not as durable as the phones that it supports .
 This product , described as `` SAMSUNG car charger for SAMSUNG phones '' , is NOT a SAMSUNG product ! It is a generic car charger.At first I thought they shipped the wrong product , but thenumber on the packaging -LRB- B00004W6N7 -RRB- matches the ASIN numbershown in the description of the product.It would probably work fine , but in the past I 've had problemswith the connectors on the generic chargers , so I 'm notinterested in it . Will be returning it .
 The prime selling feature of the Jabra line of headsets is the `` earbud , '' a soft rubber cap that is anatomically designed to fit in the ear . The problem is , the earbuds do n't stay on the units securely , so once they fall off , you 're stuck with a headset that does n't stay in your ear and you 've just wasted your money . I lost my earbud the first day I used the headset . Why ? Because the soft rubber earbud easily snags onto pocket linings , collars ... everything ... and when it does , it pulls loose from the headset and falls * silently * onto the floor . I replaced the earbud and tried securing it with Elmer 's glue , and then later , rubber cement . Nothing works . The only way to positively not lose the headset is to leave it in your ear from the moment you wake in the morning till you go to bed at night -- not very practical ! Skip this product and save yourself some money and aggravation .
 Unlike the fun but trendy faceplates this earth theme color has a distinctive look that also compliments any style . Because it is in neutral tones , you wo n't soon tire of it . The color has sheen to it that makes the color appear a different hue in different lighting . The dark undertones keep the phone looking new and clean unlike some of the lighter or laquer looking finishes that show every smudge and fingerprint . I often recieve compliments on the phone when among company . If you 're looking for a fun change or different look but do n't want to lock your phone into a novelty or bubble-gum look , the earth theme is a perfect choice !
 After a few months , the battery last only one day . FOR ANY LG CELL PHONE
 since the keypad is very sensitive very difficult to use it . Those who like to have speakerphone do n't buy it . I can not rate this product well
 The item was fine . However , it would not work on my wireless network -LRB- not at all clear from the description -RRB- , so I had to return it . I was promised credit minus a 10 % restocking fee IF AND ONLY IF I wrote a review favorable to the seller , which I did . To date -LRB- February 8 , 2008 -RRB- my card has not been credited . I have never had a bad transaction through Amazon until this one , but I would not recommend that anyone do business with this ethically challenged seller .
 I bought it from Amazon shiping to me fast . But next day I call Amazon to return it with the reason the manual book written in Spanish which I ca n't read or undwerstand and it look very cheap quality.Many customers like me complaint Amazone not reveal in small detail or correct something written on the goods -LRB- like Motorola V8 orV9.It is high end cell and expensive , the customers want to know what content it had in box?where it made from ? The other sellers online Ebay , Bestbuy said very detail in box -RRB-
 was n't working good . had to return this item . Would never purchase this item again . decided to go with a different phone instead .
 I bought this phone last year on Amazon . I liked the sleek design , the color and I was very attracted to the touchscreen . The phone works quite well , talk time is good and standby time is great . I had no problems with syncing it to my computer . The bluetooth works well too . The phone can take some good banging as this has dropped from me several times with the battery flying out , and it still works fine . The one and only con I would give it -LRB- which is a major one -RRB- is that there is no other option for navigating around the menu in the phone except for the touchscreen . Some other phones have a touchscreen , but still have buttons that you can press to get in the menu and work the phone . This one only has the touchscreen , so if that screen goes bad ... you can forget even having a phone because you wo n't be able to make a call , send a text , play a game , change your phone settings ... nothing that you can usually do while navigating around in the menu . This is the problem that I am having right now . I sadly dropped the phone in a puddle of water a while back . The phone still works fine , functional-wise , but the touchscreen has freezed and no longer works , so I ca n't do anything with the phone . This is the major problem as I think that they should have also put in some buttons so that you can still get in your menu . Now , I have to look for another phone to buy . I like LG products so I will stick with this brand , I will just make sure to buy a phone with menu , select and navigation buttons .
 many bubbles in casing ... phone keeps demanding i install a sim card that was not received ... best of all , the charger is european , not american ... co. rep has offered to work with these `` issues '' but i do not expect them to repay the time and $ 30.00 it cost to replace the charger , and i do not have the time to waste trading the phone for one that is not marred .
 THE BLACKBERRY CURVE WAS SMALLER AND LIGHTER THAN I THOUGHT IT WAS . THE KEYS WERE TOO SMALL AND HARD TO READ . I RETURNED IT ! ALSO , THE FIRST BILL FROM AT&T WAS AROUND $ 160 . GLAD I DID NOT HAVE TO PAY IT !!!
 Do n't buy Krussel cases.Krussel will not honor their guarantee.Emailed Krussel twice , got no response from them ; called their main office in Europe . Said claims were handled by people in Asia . = lots of non help.They are bums and do n't seem to care about customers after they have your $ $ . Stiching tears out with light use and they will not honor their warantee.Don ' t do business with Krussel . You will regret it .
 This case is beautifully crafted and very well made . But it does definitely have some serious design flaws . The opening to access the charging port is on the WRONG SIDE OF THE PHONE . So you have to remove the case to recharge the phone . Also , the flap that goes over the flip portion of the phone obsures the camera lens -LRB- But do n't they all ? -RRB- and is so tight that it holds the flip constantly open . Within an hour of receiving this item , I had cut off the flip cover with a pair of scissors . Hated doing that , but the last two complaints were then fully eliminated immediately . The strap that covers the key pad still holds the phone in the case securely . And , actually , I think it even looks better without the beauty of the phone being obscured by the case flap .
 This phone case did not work for the Motorola KRZR K1 Blue -LRB- Unlocked -RRB- . The case covers the battery charging area of the phone , thus rendering the case useless as the phone can not be charged with the case on!I do not recommend this item .
 When I opened the box and tried to pull the cable , it tangled right away . I tried to fix it , but to no avail .
 good product but no is what i expected , was my fault i need a case for xda ii and this product is for xda ii mini
 LOST MY BLACKJACK BECAUSE THIS STUPID CHEAP PLASTIC CLIP DOES NOT HOLD THE WEIGHT OF THE PHONE OR ANY PHONE !!!! I SHOULD SUE !
 I got this product and was a sheer waste of money . It did not come with an attachment to connect in the car . So I dont know what/how I can use it .
 Classic case -LRB- get it ? case ? har har -RRB- of ` you get what you pay for ' . Dint expect much from this guy for the price , but figured it better than no case at all . I was pretty much on the money with that prediction . Not much protection from this guy . If youre looking for something rough and tough that will keep your phone alive and well for years to come , this is not your case.The case is thin and flimsy . Kind of scary to put on , and my fears were rewarded when the case finally tore trying to put the thing on for the 20th or so time -LRB- doesnt fit in an iPod cradle with the case on -RRB- My advice is to skip this case entirely and get a real case if you want one . This thing is like wrapping tape around your phone -LRB- until it tears and becomes entirely useless -RRB-
 I think Burton is onto something excellent here ... . however , it 'll probably be another year or two before its technology is perfectedFirst off - the jacket is excellent ! Very flexible , warm , and waterproof -- so no complaints on the jacketIt is the technology that disappoints meThe jacket has a neat construction -- you keep your iPod on one side of your chest and your phone on the other side , with a remote on your wrist that pretty much controls both devicesThe phone functions are neat because calls come through immediately , with the speakers in the hoodie allowing you to hear the other person calling and a mic in the front part allowing you to talk -- the entire setup is pretty convenient and pretty solid , as people could hear me well and I could hear themHowever , the speaker could be better ... . calls and music come through clear , but I wish it were much louderThe iPod functions are what really upset me though -- the iPod is slow to respond to the wrist controls functions ... . in addition , sometimes the iPod functions wo n't work if you have the phone connected on bluetoothoverall -- the stability of the jacket 's system needs to be worked out -- I 'm pretty impressed with it , but wait another year for Burton to fix this onePEACE AND LOVE AND HAPPY BUYING !!!!!! Muhammad Ali Hasan
 I was disappointed to find that this was not a charger but a charging stand , requiring your plug-in charger to operate it . It also wo n't charge a phone in a case , so unless you want to dress and undress your phone every couple of days , you might want to give this one a bye .
 This `` Charging Stand '' requires a charger . Considering the price , it should come with one . I purchased this for use at the office , thinking I could then leave the charger that came with the phone at home . No such luck . Be prepared to spend another $ 30 for the charging unit if you are purchasing this as a replacement or additional unit .
 This in home charger is great . I like to keep a back-up battery charged and this charger is very handy . You can charge-up the your spare battery by it 's self , or the phone by it 's self , or you can put the phone and spare battery on the charger together and charger will charge them both -LRB- phone first then battery -RRB- .
 This item has few redeeming features , and lots of problems . First , it is extremely cheaply constructed with very thin plastic . It probably would not survive a fall from a table onto a hard floor . Second , you ca n't really use it as a spare charger , since it does not come with its own cord . You have to use the one that came with your phone or fork out the extra bucks for a spare cord . Third , the battery is held in place by a flimsy spring mechanism . It 's hard to get the battery seated properly , and if you bump the charger even slightly , it dislodges from the electrical contacts . Fourth , it was apparently only designed to charge standard-size batteries . It does not accomodate the auxilliary-size Motorola batteries . Fifth , the documentation is almost non-existent . For the cost , I expected something with better construction and design . Dont ' buy this one ; here are higher quality 3rd party chargers out there that are cheaper .
 Not much to say here . My experience with the device shows it 's tricky to use , easy to break , and does not do a great job of charging . Being able to charge two batteries at once -- a spare and the one on the phone -- nice . Maybe it would be more useful if it came with decent instructions .
 The charger I got from Amazon.com came without a single word of documentation . The manual for my phone helps a little . The charger comes with snap-in templates to fit different phones -LRB- I guess -RRB- , but not a word of explanation about which one to use , or what the others might be for . Maddening . I just played Garanimals -LRB- tm -RRB- until I had a good fit , but why was that up to me to figure out ? At these prices , write some instructions!The item that I received is different from both the one in the manual and the one pictured on Amazon.com even as I write this review , so any docs about what the lights mean would be useless anyway.Kudos to the guy who figured out that there 's a status light for data sync activity -- go to the head of the class ! : - -RRB- Oh , the charger seems to work fine . The `` drop in '' slot for the phone is more like `` pin the tail on the donkey '' , though , same as with my Nextel phone . All in all , I 'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola .
 I have returned my chager to Motorolla under warranty two times . Each time Motorolla customer service was very nice about replacing it however the rear pocket for charging batteries has never worked . I 've tested it with three batteries - 2 Li ION and 1 NiMH and it does n't work with any in the rear pocket . It acts like its charging the battery but does not . The front pocket does a fine job of holding the phone and I have n't had trouble with the back holding the battery . If it worked it would be worth owning .
 I bought the charger , along with 2 spare batteries . The charger is simple , and easy to understand , good since there was no instruction sheet . It can be used in a car with the standard charge cord . However it will not fit anything larger than the 900ma battery that comes with the startac phone . Not nearly what I expected .
 This Jabra unit , the one listed as compatible with the 8200 and 8800 series , did not work with my 8260 . A The phone did not detect a headset attached . A Jabra support person told me that there are known compatibility problems with some of the Jabra headsets designated for this series Nokia , however , according to Jabra these problems are now resolved . I will exchange my unit and try again . Note that many of the 8260 bundles come with a Nokia headset included .
 The cord on the Jabra is about two feet too long and no clip is provide for the cord , so it must be coiled up in a pocket if you carry your phone on your belt to keep it out of your way . None of the 6 ear buds included fit very well , the unit sticks out of my ear too far , and people on the other end of phone calls tell me the sound quality stinks .
 I had a Jabra EarSet for my old Nokia 5160 and it worked BEAUTIFULLY ! I upgraded my phone to the 8260 and purchased the `` compatible '' Jabra . The phone recognized that a headset was connected , but I could only hear extremely faint sound coming from the earpiece -LRB- yes , the volume was turned up all the way -RRB- . Went back to the store to try more of the same Jabra units with no luck . I 'm stuck with the Nokia factory headset which sounds fine , but nobody can hear me talk ...
 You can see why they have fancy colour earpieces for this thing - they have to find something to appeal to you about it.I turned it in every conceivable orientation and never found a good fit to my ear . -LRB- In case you ask , I would describe my ears as `` average '' or `` normal '' -RRB- . A diagram on the packaging would have saved much frustration on that score.But NOTHING will compensate for the fact that the built-in microphone function is utterly useless . I thought maybe it was just me - but two friends also got suckered into buying one of these , and their cellphone calls went from reasonable to completely unintelligible.Do not , repeat NOT , buy this product .
 Amazon shows this as an accessory for the Nokia 918 model phone . This is incorrect since the phone does not have a 2.5 mm plug for the earjack . Obviously , if you have a different model phone , that may not be the case .
 I 've been using the Jabra Universal EarSet for the last week with a Motorola Talkabout phone . The incoming call quality is very clear , but background noise will play a tremendous part in how well your voice is picked up . You 'll sound very clear in a quiet environment-your home , office , suburbs , etc. . With a television on , things can get muddled . Outdoors in a city during rush hour is terrible , requiring you to cup your ear to give your voice any kind of quality.Technology-wise , it 's impressive how well the EarSet works , but for urbanites on the go , there are better products out there .
 I have a Plantronics M175 handsfree unit and the sound quality on it was just incredible . It even has a mute function , which is handy when on conference calls . Still , it is an over the ear type device , thus at times , it just does n't feel comfortable , though it seems to stay on my ear just fine . The need for comfort prompted me to buy the Jabra . The comfort on the Jabra is outstanding . The comfort alone kept me happy for a couple of weeks , but eventually , I went back to my Plantronics M175 . The reason , ... . sound quality ! The Jabra tends to have a tunnel , echo like sound , especially when in the car during rush hour , -LRB- a time when you need the hands free unit most -RRB- . The inability to even listen to some of my voice mails with the Jabra device at times prompted me to try the Plantronics M175 once again . The Plantronics device is crystal clear . I wish it was as comfortable as the Jabra , but when I break it down , I need to hear and understand first on my phone , comfort is secondary .
 The earpiece may fit comfortably and even sound pretty good , however the microphone is not aceptable . I find that I have to speak way too loudly in order for the other person to hear what I am trying to say . Either I talk so loud that everyone around me hears my conversation or the person I 'm calling ca n't hear me well enough . This is not an item I would recommend to anyone unless you really want to annoy anyone within 10 feet of you .
 This earset worked fine in areas of good reception . In areas of low reception , the microphone did n't work well . People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone . I live in a rural area and this made the earset useless .
 First of all , it was a regular battery not at all the extra capacity as stated and second it stopped taking a charge after 4 months.The whole phone is now `` outdated '' after less than a year , soI 'm stuck with a piece of landfill . Why should I buy anotherbattery ... when I can get another phone for `` free '' .
 I bought the Jabra set to use with my Nokia 5160 phone . As far as I could tell , the sound quality was acceptable , but there are two things to keep in mind :1 -RRB- The plastic ear inserts not only would not fit comfortably in my ear -LRB- one hurt because it was too big , the next size down would n't stay in my ear -RRB- . Further , the plastic inserts kept falling off the speaker ! 2 -RRB- There are no helpful instructions to help you figure out which of the inserts are for the right and which for the left ear . You have to experiment . There is n't even instruction on how to insert them in your ear properly .
 I bought the Jabra Earset for my Nokia 5190 about a month ago . A friend of mine also bought the same earset and I was able to hear them talking on theirs -LRB- using Nokia 6190 -RRB- . The receiver sound quality -LRB- talking -RRB- is slightly worse than a normal cellphone . It sounds somewhat distant and echoey . Also , it picks up background noise , especially from a car and almost seems to amplify the noise , making it hard for people to hear you . The speaker -LRB- listening -RRB- for the user is very clear and I had no problems finding an earpiece adapter that fit me.PROBLEM
 I use the the JABRA everyday , and really hate it . I am shopping for a replacement . THe sound quality is fuzzy , both incoming and outbound . The earbud is very uncomfortable , and lastly , it looks plain ugly and I am embarrassed to have this strange thing sitting around in my car .
 This was the exact item I had been looking for and could not find in the stores where I was shopping . I read other people 's reviews that said how much they loved it . Only one said they did n't . I could n't wait to get it . Well the love quickly died . I had trouble with the ear pieces . One seem too big and the next size seem too small . I could hear people great , but they had trouble hearing me . They said I sounded far away . I let my wife use it and I listened to her and sure enough she did n't sound all that great . Major disappointment . Maybe it works for some people but not for me .
 CAVEAT EMPTOR - This thing buzzes like a bumblebee on steroids . Not even worth 10 bucks , let alone the 40 I paid at Radio Shed.I would only use this thing under the following 2 conditions :1 -RRB- it was given to me free ; and2 -RRB- it was the only earset available -LRB- i.e. , avoiding brain tumors -RRB- . Otherwise , AVOID THIS EARSET AT ALL COSTS !!!
 I ordered this particular headset because of the three sizes of earpieces . My ears are smallish and I was excited to think Jabra had solved my problem . On the contrary . The smallest earpiece is still uncomfortably large for my ear.Then there 's the background buzz . I do n't really care to spend my cell minutes listening to my friends complain about sound quality ! I 'll be trying something else .
 I could hear just fine with this device , but the other partycannot hear you . I fiddled with the little mike -LRB- which isattached to the earpiece -RRB- but could n't improve quality . Ileft myself voice mail at home and cell phone to check quality - the words are unintelligible on the message.Also , the little alligator clip that is I guess supposed tokeep the wire from getting tangled broke the first time I used it.The earpiece fit fine and did not give me a problem .
 The earpiece problems already noted are true . Definitely not worth the price . Worked for three months and then stopped . Just over the warranty period . Not recommended
 This product would be great if it were durable . Over time , it started to sound like I was talking into a can . I could barely hear what the other party was saying . Too bad - it was comfortable and worked well for three months .
 ` When I first bought this item , it worked great , but over time it became harder and harder to hear . Several others I have spoken to have had similar results which is sad because it would be a great product if it were more durable .
 Fiddle as I may , the other party can not seem to hear me clearly . I own other Jabra earsets , but this one just did n't work . ...
 It did not work . The different colored ear pieces were very hard to remove , and when they were on it was increadably hard to hear the other person . Not to mention , none of the ear pieces fit my ear properly , so they fell out easily or I was never able to get them inside my ear . This was a poor buy on my part .
 The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy ... it keeps falling out of my ear . Definitely try it on before buying it !
 This item was advertised as Extra Capacity but what I received was a standard battery and it will not hold a charge . DO NOT buy anything sold by sellcell110 .
 Very poor performance . Original lasted only 1 yr 4 mos . with light duty . Digital standby is OK , but talking and roaming suck down the battery fast . Gets very warm while talking . That 's probably the phone 's problem , not the battery though .
 the setup is nice and the on off button on the mic is perfect . the only problem i have is the earbud . it just does n't fit good .
 I purchased this product before reading the product reviews on this website , and it was a mistake . In order for the `` ear bud '' to remain in your ear , you must have truly large ears . If this is not bad enough , you practically have to eat the microphone in order for the person that you called to hear you clearly -LRB- and I am not known for talking softly -RRB- . Try another product .
 I purchased the Samsung Ear Bud for my Samsung 3500 and within a month the Ear Bud had a short in it . I have problems with people hearing me . With the changes in the laws regarding talking and driving , I 'm forced to repurchase another Ear Bud , but which one ?
 I should preface my review by saying I am new to Samsung phones and the only thing I care about is clarity of the incoming sound . I had been using the Nokia 5160 with the garden variety in-ear bud for 3 years with very happy results -- the incoming sound was comparable to having a landline phone receiver next to my ear . By contrast , the Samsung OEM bud used with ny new Samsung R225 phone is a disappointment . There is a huge difference in sound quality between holding the phone next to my ear versus listening through the earbud . The latter sounds as if I had water in my ears -- muffled , faint -- I can barely hear while I 'm driving , which is 75 % of the time that I use my phone , so this is a real problem . Will explore the -LRB- new ? -RRB- Plantonics M205 option and hope it 's better ...
 I have used this headset for about 4 months . It is adequate in the sense that you can hear on it , and people can hear you , but that 's about it . My specific problems with this unit are 1 -RRB- If the bud it not turned in your ear such that the speaker points directly down your ear canal , the volume of the caller is much reduced . I wound up driving around holding the unit pointed into my ear just to get sufficient volume , thus defeating the `` hands-free '' aspect of the device . 2 -RRB- Its hard exterior become painfully uncomfortable after 10 minutes or so of talking and I had to often switch ears mid-conversation . 3 -RRB- People I talked to often complained about being able to hear me while driving , even with all windows up and the radio off . 4 -RRB- after these four months , the speaker just died on me , and I 'll have to buy another one!I will be trying the over-the-ear-with-a-boom-mic or the all-in-ear models next . Avoid this one if you can .
 I have had no problems keeping the earpiece in my ear , but almost every person I have talked to says they can hardly hear me or I sound like I 'm in a box ! Sorry Samsung , this is a poor product -- look for it on the auction page !
 The ear bud is large and only fits people with large ears . I had a problem with the piece remaining in my ear during casual conversations . When I was driving it would drop out with the slightest head movement . They should offer several gel earpieces of various sizes so people who do n't look like the elephant man can also use them .
 Both my wife and I each have a 3500 . Both my wife and I can not keep the earpiece in our ears . It was a gift and is going back to the Sprint Store .
 Let 's start with the bad things :1
 HOrribledisappointingbig mistakeBig regrets
 This is an overpriced , under-engineered and generally inferior product . The sound quality on it is good , and it certainly is more discreet than other competing products -LRB- people have thought I was talking to myself while wearing it -RRB- , but there are better options out there.You will love this for the few months prior to it breaking . I have had mine for around 4 months and the prongs are destroyed . The ones for other phones do not do this because of their design . If you put a pad on the earpiece it is much more comfortable and wo n't slip from your ear as much . It does increase safety in the car . For thirty dollars Nokia could design something better.The Jabra one I own seems a little more sturdy , and costs less to replace -LRB- if it breaks -RRB- . My reccomendation , is that if you are n't concerned with looks too much , go for the Jabra . So far I have not had any trouble with it , besides the fact that it is huge . If you wo n't be using the Nokia headset much , try your luck with it , but do n't say I did n't warn you ...
 It 's a very convient head-set that works very well , WHEN it works . I agree with some of the posts that the design is not robust . It falls apart within a month of use . I 've had to replace mine several times now . The wire that connects to the microphone is poorly designed so that if you put enough strain on it , which is not much , you will start having static , noice , and complete cut-off of sound issues . If you choose to buy this product , buy several as a back up if you can affort it or just buy other aftermarket products that are cheaper .
 I bought three of these when they first came out for me and two associates . Within 2 weeks , mine stopped working and shortly thereafter so did the other two . I have since replaced 6 of them and my associates replaced them twice and gave up . The little prongs on the headset that insert into the phone keep breaking . For the limited time the product was functioning I loved it . True the foam earpiece fell off immediately , but even without it , I found it comfortable . I only wish the darn thing would work for more than a few days . I have since given up replacing them and I wish they would improve the design because they are very convenient . One last thing , because it is so small people who are not familiar with headsets are going to look at you like you 've gone nuts ... talking to yourself when actually the phone is being used .
 This handsfree set is not compatible with my NOkia 6100 phone . The jack is too small for the phone .
 Does not cut down on ambient noise , and makes my voice smaller on the phone . I found it clumsy to try and find earpiece and manage the wire . I think it would be better to have one of those boom-type microphones that gets closer to my mouth .
 I 've already been through 2 Nokia headsets and have just broken the another one . The design of the connection to the phone is n't very durable . It looks like I 'm stuck with it until I buy a different kind of phone .
 Earphone sets like these sell in Taiwan for $ 7 . Why would anyone pay $ 29.95 for one ?
 I 've had the earbud for several months now . The sound quality is excellent - better than my handset . However , the foam cover for the earpiece fell off the first day , and the design does n't have any mechanism to hold it in place in your ear . Because of this , it keeps falling out of my ear while I 'm driving , which makes it even more distracting than holding the handset !
 Within the past 5 months of having my cell phone , I have had to replace the hands-free earbud on the average of one every other week . The main reason
 The way that the headset connects to the nokia phone is poorly designed . The connector is so flimsy , that it breaks easily . I have had to to purchase 3 new headsets in one year . The Motorola Startac has a much better design for headsets .
 Damn thing wo n't stay in your ear . Makes it difficult to carry on a conversation when it keeps falling out of the ear . Maybe if I put a magnet or tape to my head it might be better . A complete waste of money !
 I recently upggraded from the 6120 to the 3360 . The best thing that they did was increase the ringer volume . Anyways I got the ear bud thing with it . I could barely understand what ppl were saying . It was horrible . It sounded as if you were in a can .
 does n't work with my kyocera.as for the rat thing above , yeah , if i was a rat I guess I 'd be using my headset alot , too .
 My wife and I recently upgraded phones to the Nokia 6555 . As usual the headsets from the old Nokia 's would n't operate in the new ones . After researching prices for the exact -LRB- supposedly -RRB- Nokia earbub headsets , we settled on two of these sets . Shipment was FAST , however neither worked in either of the phones . I think we paid $ 2.95 each , with shipping it was around $ 17.00 . I did ` nt even bother to return them -LRB- I should have -RRB- , but I just figured that we nearly got our money 's worth . Next time I will go for the higher priced set .
 I finally found an ear piece for my 2 year old Nokia phone . However , the ear insertion does n't stay in my ear and constantly falls out . So , I 'm using my hand to keep the ear piece in my ear . Also , hearing volume is not effective . Annoying , but ca n't do anything about it.However , I 've discovered you can find stuff on Amazon and that 's a good thing .
 I bought a new SCH8500 and it 's fallen out of this holster at least 4 times in the past 2 months ! Sure it seems to lock in quite nicely , but as soon as you nudge into something , the phone falls to the ground ! My phone is now broken because of this and I 'm waiting to recieve a replacement ; If they 'll even send me a replacement ! You can bet I 'll buy full leather phone protector when/if I get my new phone back . Do yourself a big fat favor and get a holser that protects the entire phone . All you need to do is drop the phone just once and it 's all over ... !
 I had mine 30 days before I heard the sound of plastic snapping as I sat down . The problem is that the belt clip pin is not locked in place and over a very short time it works itself free on one end . The next thing you know , the hard plastic is breaking . Glue fixes the problem , but within two weeks of use , the action repeats . Buy something else !
 I found this to be a good holster though the pictures made it seem thinner than it actualy was . The clip broke off of the holster that I got my girlfriend for her phone , and I first assumed that it was because of rough use . About a mounth later the clip broke off in the same place on mine when the seatbelt in my car pulled on it . This is probibly somthing that could be fixed by the manufacturor , the plastic seems week in that spot , and I 'd recommended getting one of the other availible cases for this phone .
 Works fine for 3 days then breaksIf you wear the phone all the time , go in and out of chairs and cars , or do anything physical this will break .
 Worked great for one month ... then clip snapped off when on my hip and I was getting into my car . Poor quality ... would not purchase again .
 this is the most disappointing item I have purchase from ... . I must say it is flimsy to say the least . The phone has a tendency to drop out of it so be very CAREFUL !! I recommend spending $ 5 - $ 10 more and get the leather case -LRB- which I have -RRB- it also allows you to rotate the phone for when you sit . This might seem odd , but the phone will not cut into your stomach while driving .
 I bought this holster on the recommendation of others , and nearly lost my phone twice . I often carry my children , and their feet easily dislodged the phone . The clipping mechanism is simply not strong enough to keep the phone secure . I found a leather holster with a locking strap that does the job much better .
 This leather case is not very durable . After about 2-3 months of casual use -LRB- put it on and off my belt once or twice a day -RRB- , the metal clip started to tear out of the back . Also , the clip is located too far down , so the phone protrudes more `` above '' the belt when it is worn -- this is very annoying because the antenna catches quite easily on a jacket or other clothing . Also , the clip 's grip is quite strong -LRB- good , because the phone wo n't fall off -RRB- , but it can be hard to put it on or off -LRB- especially when sitting down -RRB- if you clip it onto your belt . Also , the case does not provide any protection on the front part -LRB- the upper wing when unfolded -RRB- at all . On the plus side , the clear plastic cover does a nice job of protecting the keypad from dirt or moisture -LRB- when you talk -RRB- . Also , the case will fit the phone with either the slim or the extended battery attached . -LRB- But if you switch between the two often , the case will expand and will feel loose with the slim battery attached . -RRB- Unless you are an extremely casual user or tend to put the phone in a purse , bag or compartment , I do not recommend this case at all . The plastic belt clip is a much more durable alternative for men -LRB- but probably less aesthetic or useful for women who do n't wear the phone on their body or purse strap -RRB- .
 I 'm really dissapointed with the leather design . It looks like it fits the phone like a sock but it does n't . First of all , the hole for the microphone does not line up . Second , the phone is so bulky until it opens itself with just a slight bump . The phone does not shut itself easily when you close it after talking . Third , the phone does not open fully with the leather case on ... it feels weird talking through the case . The material used for the speakers feels really cheap . I do n't know what to do with it now ... sell it to someone cheap ? Or I may have to just give them to some family member as a gift and let them figure this out . In conclusion , I wasted my $ $ on this !!
 I purchased this case new with my phone and alternate it , using the holster sometimes and the case at other times . The case is somewhat durable , but not real tough . Recently the stitching started to come out and the plastic which covers the keypad of the phone broke at the bottom . I am not real rough on my stuff and am only a mild cell phone user so I found this item disappointing . By comparison , the Nokia cases hold up much better . If you have a StarTac , skip this case and try a 3rd party brand - you will sepnd less and probably will get a better case .
 DO NOT BUY MY PHONE LOOKS AND WORKS BETTER WITH OUT COVER
 I bought this case last year . I had it only six weeks before the zipper began to rip . When they cut out the opening for the charger on the bottom , they cut into the fabric of the zipper . This jeapardizes the integrity of the zipper . As you slip this very tight cover on and zip it up , it pulls on that fabric tape . Because the tape has been cut , it has nothing to keep it from fraying and unraveling - in time it is inevitable . When I contacted Nokia about this product , they would do nothing for me - it was not covered for poor workmanship .
 This case is very tight-fitting and awkward to use .
 I thought this phone case was a good idea . * At first * . The leather 's thick enough to be protective -LRB- I 've dropped it -RRB- and the clip is the best I 've seen . But my phone is only for emergencies . And even so , it 's really become a pain.The front flap closes with velcro over the face & has to be folded -LRB- & secured -RRB- back to talk , even while using it hands-free . I do n't think it 's worth even -LSB- price -RSB- .
 I `` had '' a Nakia phone with this case , but I found out the hard way it will slip off your belt . I lost my phone while riding my motorcycle , never did find it . I plan on buying another Nokia phone but will look for a case that ca n't slip off so easily or will have to be sure I take it off before I ride . Also , I did have this phone and case slip off in the car also .
 We had extreme difficuty trying to place the case on the phone . A portion of the cover ripped . Maybe mine was defective . I would suggest stretching the cover before placing .
 This is by far the worst fitting phone case I 've ever seen . It does n't even lookgood . The case makes it hard to use the buttons on the side and the bottom front of the case hangs out from the face making it dificult to turn the phone on and off . Unfortunately , I ca n't find another brand for this phone . Do n't waste your money on this . A scratched phone looks better than one with this case .
 I bought this case with the expectation of clipping it to my belt or bag , making my phone more accessable . It fit where I wanted it but it 's very hard to get it off quickly . I have missed several calls because I ca n't get it unhooked quick enough -LRB- but that could just be me . -RRB- I 'm passing it on to a family member who liked it.The velcro-secured cover also gets caught in my hair and gets in my way when I am in a hurry . It does n't prevent me from accidentally pushing buttons on the phone , but that may just be my fault . I wo n't buy another for me but I will probably buy one for my husband , if I do n't find one I like better .
 A carrying case should serve two functions
 I am not at all happy with the case . It has not been designed to make sure that the phone does not fall off . It can slip easily when you sit .
 I am not at all happy with the case . It has not been designed to make sure that the phone does not fall off . It can slip easily when you sit .
 I 'll admit , this is a tough phone to design a case for , which is why I gave it two stars instead of one . That said , I ca n't count the number of times my phone has dropped to the floor because the snap on the antenna strap has come undone . Since the mount for the belt clip is attached below the phone 's center of gravity , It constantly rotates upside down which contributes to this problem . Add the fact that it really does n't protect the phone to start with and you are better off keeping your phone in your pocket with your keys and change . That way , you 'll at least always know where it is !
 Long story short , I called Cingular for the first time today and spent nearly an hour trying to get someone there to port in my old number . What a frustrating and rotten experience , including being given the wrong number to call , and then being told that it was the wrong number -LRB- by a rather rude representative -RRB- after being put on hold for a long time . After some more bad customer service , I finally got to a supervisor and told him that this was perhaps the worst `` customer service '' I 'd ever experienced , and that this was my first and last day with Cingular . I can not imagine ever needing to call them down the road for something and going through this type of frustrating hassle again . I am going to send the phone back and order another one with ANOTHER CARRIER ! Too frustrating .
 this phone look good but don , t work when press number don , t work speakerphone dont workmake alot fuss drop call a lot this is a bad phone motorola have good phone don , t know what happen to this one if i could give back it would be gone
 I received this phone 10 days ago and I 'm still trying to activate it ... The phone looks cool , but what 's not cool is the service at Cingular . Cingular claims that porting a phone number from another company usually takes that long !! The long waiting time , even when you want to talk to a manager , is more than 15 minutes . . I have decided to go back to T-Mobile ... They 're more experienced and friendly ... I do n't want this phone because of Cingluar ...
 Push buttons on the rim are exposed and active even when the cover is closed . They can not be disabled . These buttons control ring profiles so that the phone will change to silent without warning .
 The V600 model was originally designed for AT&T . Due to the AT&T / Cingular merger , Cingular decided to take this model as well . However , Cingular could not get the phone to fully work on their 850Mhz network . That is why they started replacing the phones of their V600 customers for V400 models . All this corrective process -LRB- call it recall , if you wish -RRB- is carried out by Cingular exclusively . As per the phone itself , the V600 is not being recalled or discontinued by Motorola but is being recalled and discontinued by Cingular . It is just Cingular 's network that is not capable of supporting this model . An easy way to test this is to try and activate this phone through AT&T
 I purchased this phone in June and in Sep. . The volume no longer worked . I received a replacement phone and now the screen freezes and you cant see the time or caller id and it shuts off by itself ... I would not reccomend buying this phone
 H.J Spivack 's review -LRB- 12/17/04 -RRB- is dead-on ! I have experienced the same issues and frustration with Cingular & this phone . My advice , get a different phone & service . Received the first phone in June 2004 and now in May 2005 , I am on the fifth phone . Each time a problem has come up -LRB- buttons did n't work , display stops working , phone answered the call on its own -LRB- while sitting on the desktop -RRB- , etc. -RRB- , the service has been tremendously awful -LRB- 1 hr on the phone -RRB- and my only viable option is to receive another refurbished phone . The company tells me the replacements are `` reconditioned '' and suggested I contact Motorolla . Even after clearly articulating I was dissatified with the quality of the phone and service , my request for a refund and/or different phone at their cost was denied . This company is not customer friendly or interested in maintaining any level of customer service or satisfaction . Add to that poor phone performance and it is a lose-lose scenario .
 My review is on Cingular . I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used . THEY LIE . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY . THEY ARE CHARGING ME FOR ACTIVATION even though it never worked in my area . If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service , DO N'T BUY from Cingular . Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse .
 70 % of all calls to or from my phone are dropped . In one 50 minute call the signal dropped 5 times . Cingular just keeps trading my phone for a new one . None of them work . I would not recommend spending $ 250 + on this phone as it does not work .
 Bad signal and NOT happy at all with the phone
 Hey people i have a question for anyone that knows of any information on the Motorola v600 camer phone from cingular . Could anyone email me telling me why the v600 was discontinued and when it will be avaiable for purchase at cingular stores.Please email me back i really want to know . Email adress
 The fact that I am giving this phone a 2 star seems a bit unreasonable for the phone itself because I have n't really used it yet since I got it from Amazon . The phone is to ordered together with Cingular service and contract , which was what I did a month ago . The package arrived a week after I first ordered , without SIM card which is listed in the invoice . I went through the process of an exchange immediately by printing out the return label and dropping it off at a UPS store . A couple of days later , I got the bill from Cingular with first month service and activation fee , etc. . I called cingular -LRB- multiple times -RRB- and cancelled the whole service . Then when I was emailing Amazon to get instruction , I was told that a second package , with the PHONE ONLY , is sent out and I MUST go to a Cingular store to purchase a SIM card and seek refund from Amazon . So now , a month after I ordered the phone and service from Amazon and a good number of emails back and forth with Amazon -LRB- who respond to emails more and more slowly -RRB- , the status is that I have the phone , unusable -LRB- no SIM card -RRB- , debating whether or not I should return the whole thing -LRB- and wait for 4-6 weeks for them to refund the money to my credit card -RRB- or go to a Cingular store as they proposed . Conclusion
 Take the advice no one offered me . Do n't . This phone was recalled by Cingular -LRB- although they insist that it was recalled by Motorola , which Motorola denies -RRB- three weeks before I bought it . They sold me a recalled phone and required me to sign up for 2 years of service.Two months later , I was told it was recalled and they offered to send me another -LRB- refurbished -RRB- phone . I told them I wanted to be credited for the phone cost which they refused . So they sent me another cell phone -LRB- V600 -RRB- . The new one is missing part of its front cover casing.I called Cingular and they said the only choice was to to send another phone , cancel the service -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- or buy a new phone for whatever I pay out of pocket.This is unacceptable . If you buy this phone , do n't go with Cingular.The only reason that the phone is a 2 and not a 1 is that you can actually make telephone calls on it . It does work for that purpose .
 Hi , I have had this phone for less than a month . In very recent history , I have owned , Motorola v60G , Nokia 3650 , Nokia 3595 and a few others.Please read the last couple of paragraphs on Motorola 's support.I bought this phone for three major and one minor reasons ,1 - Flip2 - Speaker phone3 - Bluetooth4 - quad band -LRB- minor -RRB- I will compare the phone with the units I have owned.V60G was and is a solid phone and I intend to keep it as my backup for a while . I loved the sturdyness , the comfortable feel and the stability . I got this phone free as part of a deal -LRB- Thanks AMAZON , not sure why a lot of other people are having problems with rebates with Amazon , i never have had any problems -RRB- . Nokia phones are also very nice . The 3650 was very powerful , LOADED -LRB- and I mean loaded -RRB- with applications and functions . It was very easy to use , I was able to use th bluetooth function to use the phone as a modem to dial out and to sync with my laptop with less than minimal problems . the speaker phone was excellent , easy to use and loud . This phone cost me about the same as the V600.Now the V600 , the speaker phone is mediocre . Not very easy to use . I mean , I can not turn the speaker on while I am dialing a number or even after I press ok , i have to wait untill the call is connected and then wait a couple of seconds before I can turn the speakerphone on . Not a very useful feature.I have had problems with volume and I have verified service and reception . The volume seems to be very low MOST of the time even while I am talking to the same folks.The phone constantly hangs -LRB- you would think this was a Windows 95 based phone -RRB- . I would get a call and the keys would be all locked and can not answer the phone or turn the ringer off . The only way to shut it up is to remove the battery.I have not been able to use the bluetooth function to sync with my laptop even though I bought the additional software which by the way came free with the Nokia phone but here it is not free.All other features and functions are skimpy as well . For the price , I think this phone should have better set of apps included with it either pre loaded or as an option on a cd.Last and the most important , I am very disappointed with Motorola 's support . When I called , they told me to ship the phone back to them or take it to a motorola shop -LRB- which by the way is more than an hour drive from me -RRB- . No option for a replacement while I use my credit card as security deposit was given . They do not seem concerned about the fact that some people use their cell phones as their primary phone and/or business phone.I decided to call the local motorola shop and right away the gentleman said , `` is this about a V600 ? '' and then told me that Motorola should not be telling anyone to call them as they can not do anything for me . He gave me a different 800 number to call and said that he was instructed to forward all people to that mnumber.I think , There should be MUCH better support for a phone that is supposedly a top of the line and technology phone . Granted , the gentleman on the line from motorola was very polite and nice.Bottom line , unless I was buying something directly from motorola , I am not buying anything motorola in the future .
 Have had this model for over a year and I have had to exchange it 3times . Due to my screen disappearing . I called t-mobile and asked if there is a recall on this model , but they say there is not . Also I have noticed that the rescpection decreases after 3months .
 I ordered this phone and a V400 from Cingular ... the order was cancelled ... I was told by amazon.com that they ca n't tell why ... they gave me a Cingular number ... I called Cingular and was given the run-around ... eventually , they told me they ca n't tell me why it was denied and that I have to ask amazon.com ... this is amazing ... I have very , very good credit so I know it 's not a credit issue ... I 'm frustrated because I ordered it on the day the phone had a significant rebate and now the rebate is no longer valid .
 I hate this phone and this service !! Anytime I try to type a text message or type a name for a phonebook entry my cell freezes up ! It cuts out on me every 10 to 15 minutes while I am talking !!!! GRRR !!! and many other things the list goes on !
 I ordered the boxwave screen protector for my Motorola Q . When I opened it to put it on , there were 2 problems.One corner of the film was folded . Not big enough to stop me from putting it on , but there none the less.The bigger problem was the films -LRB- one on each side -RRB- covering the screen protector were labeled backwards . I put it on my phone and it did not stick , but all kinds of stuff stuck to the outside . It was ruined.It took weeks of arguing before Boxwave finally gave me my money back . I bought a cheap knockoff for $ 2 . It came in the exact same packaging ! But it was labeled correctly ! lol .
 The protector got scratched by the applicator just putting it on . NO reason to spend this kind of money on a product that should probably cost no more than a couple of bucks .
 Covers the charging port for your Razr phone . So when you decide to charge your cellphone , you are forced to take whole plastic cover off first . Very inconvenient .
 We purchased this case for our Samsung A640 phone with Sprint service and it is too tight for the pone . The directions say `` your case may seem snug when you first try to insert your phone , this is normal and it is important for you not to force the phone into the case but rather insert it gradually . The case will quickly stretch to conform to the phone 's shape . '' We followed these directions and it is still too tight . When the phone is inserted , the case depresses the photo button , turning on this function and disallowing the use of the phone for talking . Also , my wife liked this case because of the stylish stitching , well , it started to come undone immediately . We are sending this product back today .
 I bought this phone about fifteen months ago and was initially very pleased . Lots of features , really cool sounding stereo sound from the stereo speakers . But ... . I use my cell phone average 1500 minutes a month . The slide does not hold up . The phone sections separated on one side , I got a sim card failure message on the phone screen and the off button would not turn the phone off . Removed the battery and it is now dead on my desk , will not turn on with battery reinstalled . $ 300 for fifteen months is a little pricey .
 First off , it has no zipper , second , it does n't turn off the device automatically , so it just stays on in there until it times out .
 It advertises as 14 '' and it is completely false . 14 '' INCLUDES the CLEAR PLASTIC OUTSIDE THE FRAME !!! What a rip-off . Do not think this is the real 14 '' display for $ 200 ! It 's more like a Over-priced 7 '' display . Too bad it does not have 1/2-star on here !
 The picture for these screen covers make it seem as those they are cut to fit the phone , but they are not . You have to cut them and that 's more trouble then it 's worth . I was disappointed in the product .
 The item I receved was not the item I ordered . The covers shipped only cover the lower portion of the screen . The item pictured covers the whole screen.Very disappointing ... Chris
 I bought this charger for my Pantech PN-215 . I am most disappointed . It charged my phone twice andthen quit working . Just sparks in the electrical wall socket , the green light refuses to go on and nothing willcharge . Do n't buy this product . I am very disappointed because I paid the higher cost for this item thinking I was buying a good product . Now , I have to find another vender and in the meantime , I have no working cell phone ! This was a waste of $ 16 by the time I paid postage . Beware .
 First let me say the leather case is excellent quality and exactly what I was looking for . Unfortunately the belt clip does not function correctly which caused me to lose a brand new Evo within a week of purchase . The clip has a screw which is supposed to lock in place and be released with finger pressure on a button at the top of the clip . This is the part that was wholly non-functional . Most of the time when I push the button , I could not get the clip to release no matter how hard I pulled on it . Then it appearently just fell out of this same clip -LRB- the clip was still attached to my belt -RRB- with virtually no pressure while I was walking across a parking lot . If you buy this product make sure your phone is insured .
 Whenever you call 9-1-1 on this phone , it sounds a really loud alarm . This `` feature '' can not be disabled.If you are calling because someone is breaking into your house , the alarm will announce to the thief where in the house you are hiding.Aside from that the phone is great . But the 9-1-1 alarm is a deal breaker for me .
 I had this phone for about 3 days and the flash light froze . I had to take the battery off to fix this . Only for it to freeze again after trying the flashlight for yet a second time . It automatically deleted a couple of my contacts . I took it back & let Verizon replace it with the same model only for the second model to not recieve all of my text msges & text pics . When I used blue tooth or a regular headphone my callers were unable to hear me . The camera is aweful . I understand that this is a phone good for durability & the bells & whistles are n't suppose to be great but the basics should at least work . I exchanged it for the chocolate LG 8550 . So far so good .
 OK , another electronics manufacturer has managed to make another cellphone . This time it meets Mil-Spec standards for drop kick and water resistance . Wow . All cell phones should meet this standard . Oh , all cell phones should also be free . Yes , that 's right , they cost almost nothing to make and most importantly you are being charged astronomically by your cell company for the right to use the air you already own as a citizen . OK , I guess you are too young to remember walkie-talkies , but back to the product.A . All phones should meet this mil-spec . B . This phone is heavy . C . The camera is poor at best . D . If the other party talks quickly , you can not understand them . E . The phone is putting out too much radiation and your ear heats up and therefore who knows what damage will be inflicted . F . It is the usual , stupid flip-phone so encouraged by cell-service providers because it does what flip phones with buttons on the outside are designed to do
 Installation instructions needed exreme magnificatyion to read . Necesary tool not included with part . Need for installation by a technician not revealed until half way through the process .
 This seems not to work . It says the LED should light , but it does n't . My cell phone was not completely out of charge when I started , so I could n't tell . I tried emailing the manufacturer at the address on the directions , but the email bounced .
 I bought this product to replace a similar unit of different manufacture . The old unit started making noise through any radio I used , and I finally tossed it . I tried this Monster FM transmitter specifically because the reviews I read about it seemed to point to its quietness and low background noise . On the several radios I played my XM unit output on through this transmitter , all of them emitted a high pitched whine using it . I returned it for a refund . Maybe I just got the lemon out of the bunch ? Other than the whine , it was very simple to use and clear to read .
 I wish I had come across a review like what I am about to write before I purchased this . It is awful sound quality . It did not work at all and I tried every single station I could have used . This sucks .
 I do n't know if there 's something wrong with me or this product but I could n't get it to work properly . I had to crank my radio up all the way to hear anything at all . It did n't sound in stereo either . Maybe I got a lemon , but I would n't recommend this product .
 After three months of reading reviews about FM transmitters in general , I decided to give this item a try . I was n't expecting CD quality , but if it performed at cassette tape or maybe radio quality it would be adequate . Within an hour , I had reached the conclusion that FM transmitters are a dismal option to playing your mp3 player or phone 's music through the car speakers.Reasons :1 -RRB- You have to find a frequency that is clear of ANY broadcasting for it to work at all . The radio dial has a few stations that are listenable , but also has many stations which have static in the background of the programming . This wo n't work .2 -RRB- While driving , different stations come in or fade out making your presets useless unless you drive only within bicycle riding distance and stay there .3 -RRB- You have to keep rescanning , while you 're driving , because your preset signals deteriorate with the fade in/out of stations .4 -RRB- There can be alot of static while listening to your phone 's music . This could be because the transmitter is too weak to reach from your cigarette lighter to the car 's antenna . I had to hang the wire on the turn signal switch to get a better line-of-sight from the FM transmitter to the car antenna which was about 4 feet away.It 's a nice idea but the implementation just is n't there , for FM transmitters in general.Since then , I 've found a more elegant solution that is also affordable . It 's a wire that you plug into the back of your car stereo . You then run the other end of that wire out of the dashboard to wherever you 'd like . This end has a 3.5 mm jack that will serve as the auxilliary input found in all modern car stereo units.There are videos on the net that can show you how to get behind your car stereo . Then , just plug this cable into the back and done . You have an auxilliary input which will let you plug in your music player or phone and play cd quality sound over the car speakers .
 It was dead on arrival , default channel could not be changed and it came with instructions from a completely different model . I downloaded the correct model instructions just to ensure I was selecting the proper sequence of button presses , still nothing . I hoped a Monster product was of better quality since they charge premium prices , even online . If it had worked it still reminded me of a blackmarket knock-off version .
 I bought this to be able to play my Ipod shuffle through my car radio speakers . It works , but the sound quality was not good at all in my KIA Sorrento . In my husband 's newer VW Jetta , the sound was not perfect but much better .
 I live in san diego , and I meticulously searched every station and could n't find one on the entire dial that would work without static .
 I purchased the product a year ago . Eleven months into it , the strange static began . I thought that a radio frequency was the problem -LRB- the LA/OC area is quite crowded -RRB- . I was wrong ; it was the item about to choke/croak . The product does n't have the quality of a CD , so if you 're looking for that , play a CD . It should last more than a year and the warranty , unlike their cabling , is just one year limited.I wo n't purchase this again.For the person who was getting sound from just one speaker , one thing to check for any MP3 player is the cabling . One sure sign that one side of the cabling is n't in the jack all the way is that sound comes from one speaker only . It was possible that your unit was having the problem , but next round , check that first .
 This unit worked well for 3 days , then only powered up intermittently . Even when the power was on , the unit did n't transmit . When it worked , it worked fine -- fairly clear signal with minimal static . But I was very disappointed and returned it after 1 week . Maybe I got a lemon .
 Biggest waste of money I have ever spent , this product didnt work from the moment I took it out of the package , DO NOT BUY !!!!!!
 Received unit a couple of hours ago ... tuned my FM to several unused FM channels . The audio quality on this device is atrocious . Static is the dominant sound on the radio ... on all channels ... and after the cord -LSB- antenna lead -RSB- was tried in several locations.I ca n't believe that anyone rated this unit acceptable . I have lost faith in ALL and I do mean ALL customer ratings.Unless I can see it and try it from now on , I refuse to ever spend good money on this type of junk .
 Right out of the box . . It never worked once . !! . . I sent it back immediately . . !! . . The moral . . Buy a brand name transmitter . . !!
 Bought this to give as a gift . Was a little surprised to find just the unit in a ziplock bag . No instructions , no quick guide , no packing material or warranty card.Just and FYI that from this seller it looks far from `` new `` Since it was already open I tried it to see if it was DOAIt does work just about as well as any other FM transmitter . Static between songs but while playing it sounds fine .
 While this may be one of the better ones , it still did n't work with my Treo 750 . The sound comes out only out of one car speaker . I had to buy an additional plug to convert the 3.5 mm jack into 2.5 mm .
 piece of crap i should have never even tried an fm transmitter but i did and i wish i could have thrown it against the wall
 It was n't absolutely special and a need to have at all . All these things work pretty much the same and basically they really all suck . Radio stations , sound quality coming out of your speakers , it just sucks pretty much . Just go for the gusto and spend the money to have your car -LRB- pre 2007 -RRB- wired for a direct IPOD connection from your local radio/alarm/car electronics installation ladies . How yewww doinn ?
 Hello All , do n't buy this item ... i bought it before two weeks and using it but never got good voice qulaity and even catching signal strength is also no good.i tried it in 5 diffrent state but it 's not working.Ther are may options or better product then this.and same quality product you can ger for $ 3 - $ 4 from other sites.I am truly sugggesting you to not to buy this item.Thanks
 Initially , this was the best FM transmitter I ever owned . My first one lasted 5 years before it stopped working -LRB- though it consumed two AAA batteries every month -RRB- . The other worked fine , but the signal strength was relatively weak , and so there was a lot of background static . This one worked wonderfully . The audio was as clear as you can get with an FM transmitter , and I never had to worry about static.And then , after 3 months of owning it , the connection between the car plug and the transmitter itself basically stopped functioning . If I wiggled the wire around a bit , the transmitter would power up , but only for a few seconds . The only way I could get it to stay on was by putting constant pressure on the part of the wire that touched the transmitter . Even then , it eventually stopped responding even to that . Now it does not function at all.If you are willing to take the risk that the transmitter will work properly for as long as you want it , then this is a great product . But if durability is important , you might want to find a different FM transmitter .
 the review said it woould work with my ipod shuffle . but it DID NOT.got in my truck to use it and was VERY BUMMED OUT !!!
 Does n't really work in a major city . The radio installation company in my neighborhood said if you have a hidden antenna in your car that this device can cause damage to your radio too . Not worth the $ $ play more CD 's ...
 I occasionally used and it worked for 6 months , now it gives sudden statics , tried different channels , but same problem , when I switch channels , sound quality gets better for few moments then same annoying static sound comes back . I bought this item for around 40 bucks and I think its not worth the money .
 This device worked for less than a week , then the power began phasing inexplicably and the device no longer functions .
 did not work at all . do n't buy . i returned and got a discount . would not work with any station . junk
 my music can never play in my car . The radio stations always take over . And its hard to get the monster to change stations .
 everytime the Bass on the music went up the reception got very static . tried almost every station possible but had same result . i bought a $ 12 transmitter from amazon long time ago , it worked alot better than this item .
 Came in 100 % static all the time on every station . Could barely tell what song I was trying to listen to . Needless to say I sent it back the day after I received it . It 's too bad because I 've had one of these before and it worked great for years . This one may have been a dud .
 I bought this because I have a friend that has a similar unit that works well , but this one does n't impress me at all . I very rarely use it because there 's always at least a some static . I have tried numerous stations and even when I find one that seems to be working I have never made it through a whole song without a lot of interference.I will be buying a different transmitter !
 I was very unhappy with this unit . I had considerable problems programming the memory to accept 3 different stations . The sound that did come through was scratchy and distorted . I also had to run the volume on my sony and the car at almost 100 % just to hear it.I contacted the Factory Depot who sent me this product and they allowed me to return it for a refund . They were very courtious and helpfull . With them I give a 5 STAR rating and would buy different products from them .
 2010 - When it worked , it was great . On a hot August day it melted and no longer works . At least it did not start any fires . I would not leave it plugged in if I were you ... I use this with a Sansa Fuze -LRB- and later an IPOD -RRB- . Turns out that the normal channel I set this to is a radio station somewhere South . When plugged in , the RadioPlay over powers the distant station . This thing works and works well . Since it overpowers the station , I leave it where it works and do n't worry about it . I did have to change it that time we drove to Chicago though.Three buttons to assign a station to and any channel . No restrictions on what channel you choose to set the transmitter to.The only thing I can pick about is that the other buttons on the transmitter get pushed when I set something on the control or the wife sits on it .
 It cuts off High frequency range almost completely . I had iRiver FM transmitter for a couple of years until it broke , so i tried this Monster and must say that the transmitting signal is a lot stronger than iRiver and the bass is nice , but ALL , not kidding - all of the treble is gone ! the sound is flat ! I thought i can live with it at first but then it 's so annoying - it is going back where I bought it . And I am placing an order for the iRiver Transmitter . Whoof .
 I was disappointed with the sound when using this device with my Zune 8GB . I only needed to listen for about 10 minutes before deciding it was not for me -LRB- I gave it two different chances -RRB- . The music I played sounded a bit `` muffled '' to me -- a little like I was listening to AM radio . I am not an audiophile , but I am an amateur musician -- and I do listen carefully . I want to listen carefully . I found the music frustrating to listen to . Maybe I am a little spoiled by the better sound results produced using my old cassette adapter . I definitely prefer the sound produced using my cassette adapter . My next car stereo will no doubt have a stereo jack . If the cassette module in my car stereo were to break tomorrow , I would rather pay $ 250 to have a new stereo installed in my car than use this device . Perhaps it 's just a fact that all FM transmitters are `` limited '' . I noticed that MonsterCable did not make any guarantees about sound quality on their packaging . I suppose the device does produce `` stereo sound '' -- but it 's not nearly as nice a sound as FM radio . If you are satisfied with the sound of AM radio -LRB- I enjoy listening to AM radio on occasion -RRB- , then you may be completely satisfied using this device . I hope that someone finds this review helpful .
 I ordered the Monster RadioPlay 300 from CrazyOnDigital . They shipped to me a Monster RadioPlay 250 . When I attempted to contact CrazyOnDigital , they failed to answer my inquiries . This product requires you to constantly change the station to play your IPOD anywhere while driving . This creates a driving hazard and is very inconvenient . Stated simply it does not work . Save yourself some money and a great deal of frustration . Do not purchase this inferior product and do not buyany merchandise from CrazyOnDigital ! They do not provide any customer service and they do not fulfill their orders with the correct merchandise originally ordered .
 Had one of these for a little over a year before the male 3.5 mm plug started showing signs of a loose connection ... and that was pretty much the end of that . After a few trips getting distracted jiggling the confounded wire to get the connection reestablished I gave up and threw the thing out . Not really the value for money I had hoped for , but unless you end up with a lemon like mine , it 's a very decent product that does what it claims to do .
 It 's ok . It works , but not to my liking . It does work better than another much more expensive one I tried , but still to much static . Probably not going to use it .
 Reception in the car radio from this Monster cable was horrible . One station presets were better the others , but it was not worth the $ 20 . Had to keep it still -LRB- kinda hard while driving -RRB- so there would be * less static than usual . Would n't buy again .
 I saw this product thinking it would work pretty well , but it does not . I just got this item in the mail today and took it straight out to my car to try it with my ipod and it does not work . You press play and it does not give out the full sound of the song . The only way you can get the full sound is if you mess with the connection to the ipod , but even then you only get it for a few seconds . I suggest going with any fm transmitter that connects to your ipod via the bottom usb connector , rather than the headphone port , it works much better
 This product sucks hands down ! I 'm trying to sell mine on craigslist as we speak . I 've only had it for almost 3 weeks now and its pretty much garbage . This product makes a hissing sound in the background of most if not all radio stations . I reside in Chicago and it sucked here . Took it on a trip to Boston and New York as well , yup you guessed it , GARBAGE ! Even tried it on a rental car and two other cars . Do n't waste your time people !
 I bought this transmitter so that I could play audio from any device I 'd like to while in my car , mostly music off of my Droid Razr . In buying the Monster brand I was expecting a solid product , but I have n't been fully satisfied . I am able to get decent , though often static laced sound most of the time I use it . Other times I have trouble finding an unobstructed radio station to transmit through and the device is useless . I would try other options before settling on this product .
 piece of junk would not work . second monster product purchased for ipod touch and nano that would not receive a signal or scan up or down very disappointed .
 not recommended , expensive , works same as other cheap ones , and stopped working early dont buy a a a a a
 I figured this product would be good considering monster is a solid company , however , every station that I was able to hear my music -LRB- Zune -RRB- , there was static , even subtle static was enough to make it not worth the money . I got a cheaper Belkin product and it was much better , I found at least one station that gives basically no static . So just get that instead of this for 1/3rd the price . I live near a major city and that may have caused some of the static , but the Belkin gets me almost none so it must be the product .
 I bought this product about 4 months ago . It died . I do n't know what happened . I just went to plug it in one day a couple weeks ago and it would n't even light up . I also feel that the other comments were a little misleading ... it only has 3 stations that it can use and if you live near the city it 's not a great idea . I live in Charlotte and it 's a pain . It 's easy to use but I would n't recommend it . I usually had to try all the stations every time I would travel an hour to three hours away .
 Product did not work as described . It turned on but the sign was so weak that you can barely here any sound . I tried multiple frequencies but no luck . You have to max the volume to hear and the sound quality is very poor .
 I did n't have a nice time using this product . Noisy and cable may get loose over time . Not worth it for the price .
 See my review of the Coby CA-745 transmitter for some background.I purchased this Monster RadioPlay 300 based on the price and overall rating . It arrived broken and used . The wire near the socket connector was positional , meaning that it was broken inside and only worked when the wire was at a specific angle ; the wire dangles and swings when driving , so the transmitter was unusable . Plus , the display and body were both scratched up a lot , so I concluded that the company sent me one that had been returned because it was broken . I assume that the Quality Control program in their shipping/receiving department needs better management . When I contacted the seller , they apologized , refunded my money AND sent me a new one at no cost , so I 'd say their PR department is great!The replacement works , and is adequate , but when I received the Coby transmitter -LRB- which I had ordered right after receiving the first Monster -RRB- , I was blown away at how much better the latter one is , and at a comparable price.So the bottom line is , the company has a QC problem which they can fix , and I wish them the best of luck . Their quick and unsolicited response of refunding my purchase price and sending me a workable replacement is a good sign that they are trying , so kudos to them for their effort . As for the transmitter itself , it 's okay but just not as good as the Coby .
 I should have paid heed to the reviewers who complained about the `` static '' in their evaluations . I found only one station preset with minimal static . I tried programming in other stations with little luck . Also it takes less than a mile or so of travel to get out of range of a station with decent reception which means you now have to fiddle again to find a station setting which works . Ca n't , of course , do this while driving yourself and even as a passenger , I found it frustrating and eventually gave up . So , it 's in my car , unused , and will probably stay that way .
 Unfortunately this item does n't provide flawless quality through the radio . I ca n't seem to find a station that does n't have any static . Not to mention , it 's awkward to use . Unfortunately I stopped using this product after a week , and went back to burning CD 's . Save up your money and buy a head-unit that has an auxillary input jack .
 This worthless piece of flyweight plastic failed to perform at all . It was dead right out of the box . Unfortunately 0 stars is not an option . Do n't waste your money .
 First of all , I got this product 2 weeks later than supposed to , and it is definetly nt what i expected . it doesnt work well , the sound is never clear . I would not recommend this product .
 As my own car radio has an AUX input , I bought this item for the times when I might want mp3 sound in a different car . So far , I have used the item only once , but it was a disappointment . We were driving an older Audi Quattro with a respectable sound system . We were out in a rural area away from big cities so there were some gaps in the frequency band . We tried many different frequencies but were unable to find a setting that would work without distortion . Luckily we had some decent CDs with us . My purchase was motivated mainly by the lower price . I regret I made a poor choice .
 this monster product and most - if you like to listen to your ipod with a little or alot of static in back ground then you will like .
 Based on the many positive reviews , I think I got a bad unit . I could only get sound -LRB- and poor quality sound at that -RRB- out of the left channel . I got a refund and replaced it with an Accurian from Radio Shack , which sounds much better . On the positive side it 's a good-looking product . I 'd recommend purchasing in a store that allows no-hassle returns just in case you get a lemon like I did .
 I was on pins and needles waiting for this to arrive . I upgraded my mp3 player to one that handles FLAC files and was chomping at the bit to listen to my music colletion in the car on my niffty device . After much searching I found that there is no compatible FM transmitter for the player other than the ones with the 3.5 mm headphone jack . Not wanting to shell out $ 50 + for a transmitter I was excited to try this one . As soon as I got it I tested it w / my player and the sounds that came out were horrible . Like everyone else 's experience the volume out put is so low you have to crank the player and the car stereo volumes . On top of that , once I COULD get a decent sound -LRB- after fussing with all the volumes -RRB- it would itermitently cut out and get so staticky that I could n't hear . The best way I can describe it is when a digial signal is completely distorted or is `` clipping '' . Immediately I checked my FLAC files on different sources-all without the funky sound I had with this transmitter just to be sure . Needless to say this is going back . Search is on for something better ... any suggestions ?
 This item is awful . First of all , you can only tune it to one of three stations you have preprogrammed into it . If those three stations are n't giving you a clear signal right then , you have to reprogram one of the stations to the new station you want to use . And there 's no way to know if a a new station will work until you go through all the trouble of reprogramming one of the buttons . Secondly , the audio plug does n't fit into the headphone jack on my phone unless I take off my phone case . The whole reason I bought a transmitter with an audio plug instead of a regular iPhone plug was so that I would n't have to take off my special battery case every time I wanted to play music in my car . Thirdly , the sound comes out of my car speakers REALLY quietly , so I have to turn it way up to hear . This means that I have to remember to turn it down every time I switch to the radio/CD player or even just turn off my car , because otherwise the radio will be blaring . And fourth , every station I tried tuning it to had a ton of static . And it does n't go low enough to tune to the station I always used with my old transmitter . The first station available on this one is like three stations up from the good one that actually worked . I was n't happy with my old transmitter because it frequently popped out of the cigarette lighter while I was driving due to the fact that it is also a holder , but at least the sound was good and it also charged my phone/iPod , which this one does n't do -LRB- I know the product description does n't say it will ; I was just hoping it was an extra unlisted feature since I have n't been able to find a good transmitter/charger that I like that suits my needs . -RRB- Basically , this is a piece of junk for the amount of money you 're paying for it .
 Bought this product to replace an existing one that was eight years old . Previous one died as its cords failed.New one worked great for a while , but started becoming staticky all the time . Is now worthless . After reading reviews on all other brands , I will not bother to waste more of my money . Would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 Ordered this to replace a Griffin transmitter that I have had for years . This one pales in comparison . While I understand that all transmitters have some static when listening through them , this one is worse than I expected . Not only do you have to deal with the poor signal , the volume level of this one is also very poor . There are several songs on my ipod that I literally have to turn up the volume on both the ipod and the radio to even hear . Would not recommend . My Griffin transmitter is falling apart and I still have better sound using it . I guess I 'll use it until it quits completely and then try again .
 I purchased this hoping to get the music downloaded on my iphone to be played in my car . I guess I did not understand that you need to tune your fm radio to a station with minimal noise in order for it to work well . Unfortunately , there were few stations that I could tune to with minimal noise and when I play the music I just hear a lot of static.I definitely do not recommend this product .
 Save your money , this product is n't worth the clamshell packaging it comes in . Hard to navigate stations , AWFUL static audio quality , and the bezel covering the digital display on the front broke off within 7 days . I threw it away and bought a different brand , yes , IT 'S THAT BAD .
 You can barely hear the music over the static . Thought it might just be our car so we tried a couple friends ' cars and it was the same . Total waste of money .
 There is really nothing very good about this product.First of all , the construction is pretty cheap , which is to be expected for under $ 20 , I guess . It 's all plastic and not very well engineered.Second , and by far more important , the sound quality is TERRIBLE ! I 've tried every open FM station on my dial , and while I get better sound quality in the lower range -LRB- 88.1 or so -RRB- , I would still describe the sound quality as `` something you might expect on an old transistor radio during a thunderstorm '' . The bass notes are distorted and buzzy , the treble notes are n't clear , and the vocals sound very screechy most of the time . I 've got an XM receiver that I play through the FM radio on the same car stereo , and the sound quality from that is so much better it 's not even comparable to what I get from this product , so it 's not a problem with the concept in general , or even with my radio . It 's this product.Honestly , I regret buying this , even for the $ 15 that I spent , since the sound quality is so bad I ca n't enjoy the music it plays at all . I 'm going to keep my eyes open for another option , but for now I guess I 'll just stick to burning my music to CDs like the old days ... Oh , for a digital port in my car stereo ...
 I wanted to listen to podcasts on ipod classic . I read reviews before ordering and was hoping to be one of those that found it worked well . Did n't happen for me . There was too much interference once I neared the city and audio became bad -- too much static , like a weak radio station . Since that is my regular commute and the reason for the purchase , using this product just does n't perform well for me . I 've reverted to making cd 's if there 's something I want to listen to on the drive . It 's a pain but the audio is clear , which is important when listening to spoken word .
 It worked for about an hour as adversited . Now it does not I am trying to find out if I can get a refund . Maybe some of you are lucky ... I was not . It was a present for my wife ... About FM transmitters ... I also have on my Tom-Tom GPS -LRB- that one works -RRB- they do no have the fidelity of a direct connection . Or the Best FM stations . If you have a tape player in your car , purchace a sound out through a cassette player the fidelty will be 10 times better off an MP-3 player . Those can be bought for less than ten bucks ... . And it still leaves your power jack free for reharging your phone or MP-3 player ...
 The transmitter has worked well for me , and the quality has been fine , but recently -LRB- after owning it for maybe half a year -RRB- the audio connector became very finicky . It had to be twisted to a certain angle to receive my mp3 player 's audio , and would cut in and out -LRB- or not play at all -RRB- if jiggled or rotated . -LRB- I tried an adapter to see if it was my mp3 player being stubborn , but I can confirm it is the Monster cable that is not working -RRB- . It is now so unusable I decided to throw it away.Otherwise , for when it worked , I had no complaints about it !
 I purchased this item based on the generally positive reviews off Amazon , but found that it did n't work very well at all in my 2003 Carolla . I tried quite a few different station settings - including ones well away from real FM stations to get away from any possible interference . I could never get a setting that produced a decent sound quality.I also tried this in our 2005 Sienna thinking the results might be different - no luck.I tried different devices , including my smartphone -LRB- Droid Eris -RRB- and an iPod Shuffle.Amazon processed the return perfectly , even though I no longer had the original packaging .
 This product is great - gets hold of a station and keeps it . However after a few months , it has started to heat up and quits . After cooling off it starts again and sometimes last for an hour and quits again . Consequently , it is not usable .
 This transmitter worked better than it 's Belkin predecessor but failed were the cord goes into the selector after only a year use . Needs better strain relief at that point .
 Used this with my 80gb Zune . broke within first month of use . Would turn on and off randomly . Sound quality is terrible .
 The first time I plugged it into my car the digital screen already did not work . It would only show some of the lines that make up the numbers so I had no idea what station it was transmitting through . The sound quality was awful . Constant static even on stations that had nothing else coming through to them . This was a waste of $ 27 that I spent on this . I will not buy anything from this manufacture again .
 Horrible product !! Waste of money , do not even waste ur time ! I live in an area with numerous dead channels with other older transmitters working perfectly well ... This one is all static and a complete failure .
 I bought this fm transmitter about 6 months ago and was fairly satisfied . It was a little more expensive than I thought it should be for the basic features it has , but I decided to give it a chance . The sound quality was n't excellent but was well above what you would get from a cheap device , and the signal strength was really good . From what I 've written one would think it would be a 4 star device , and it would be have been had it not shorted out 6 months after I bought it.I take care of my electronics so I know it was n't excessive force or abuse that did it in . Now whenever I try to use it if the move the cable even the slightest bit the left speaker cuts out , very frustrating .
 I bought this pretty much because of the Monster name . It had static everywhere on every station . I live in an area with plenty of free stations . Refund !
 I bought this really cheap a year or so ago , and I guess I got what I paid for . The little part where you press the buttons to choose the station is super sensitive . Barely touch it and it switches to another station . It frequently slides down between my seat and the center console , where I have to fish it out and the station gets changed again . Sometimes there seems to be static on several stations that I go through . The display also gets super hot , even if you have the light turned down . When I can afford to buy a better transmitter -LRB- hopefully one that also charges -RRB- , this one is going in the garbage .
 For some odd reason , the sound quality for the first two times I used it was comparable with the old Belkin device , but since then it has constant static and sounds terrible . Very disappointed and back to my old transmitter I guess .
 In all fairness , I read other reviews before ordering this product and I had my doubts that it would work well in a big city with a crowded FM radio dial.Nonetheless , I thought I 'd give this model a try because , unlike other similar units , it can be tuned to any FM frequency . As promised , it was also easy to tune and set up the three preset channels.I tried , unsuccessfully , to find a frequency that was far enough away from another station to get a quiet signal . Then I tried again . And again . I had no luck so I sent it back .
 It was OK but not what I expected . It picked up interference and sound was not clear . I did n't send it back because cost more to do that so I 'm out of money . It may have been the one I received but I did n't want to go through trying to return .
 Purchased this unit on the 22nd of June . Apparently shipped out on the 23rd . And today it finally arrived on July 6th . Basically taking about 14 days to go from California to New York . They provided no tracking info . And when questioned they informed me it had either not shipped or that I should give it another week . I went to Amazon and got credited . I posted a less than favorable revue which the vendor deleted . Today my product arrived . Upon testing it provides three different fm frequencies from which to choose . Signal and sound quality is much what you might expect . And it does n't require batteries since you can plug it in to the cigarettes lighter . So I 'm happy thus far with my purchase . And have canceled my refund through Amazon . My experience with this vendor have been less than exemplary where since my original complaints have they reduced the pricing of this product by two dollars - plus have posted a notice stating it may take several days longer than anticipated for your product to arrive . This vendor has also demonstrated a lacking of character by re positioning my approval of anyone having complained about their product . All in all this product performs as it should . Regarding this vendor I would highly suggest that Amazon conduct a thorough investigation on determining whether or not this particular vendor can be trusted or is perhaps just one of many fraudulent operators waiting to prey upon the unsuspecting . And should this vendor once more find it necessary in preventing my opinions from being posted through Amazon - I have others sources for which to make my opinions known regarding your behaviors . Customer satisfaction and being treated with respect should always be first and foremost . Screwing people and then covering your mistakes is unacceptable .
 This did not work at all . Could not program it . Return the product for a refund . Not pleased at all .
 This device only worked for about 20 minutes , after which I could not get a sound from it on any frequency . Would NOT reccomend .
 Purchased locally . I figured if any issues I would return.I had my player with me . -LRB- Creative Zen Vision : M -RRB- Plugged in , found an empty frequency , tried to set the unit . Unit would not set ! - / + buttons did n't work.Also , if you have a somewhat large hand , you wo n't find this an easy unit to set.Returned within 20 minutes to the store where purchased . Did n't bother with trying another . Monster need better quality control .
 I received a model , not as pictured . The vendor offered me a refund , but after shipping both ways , it 's not the wisest decision . I was better off just keeping it.The sound over the FM was heavy in bass and not enough treble . The model I received was not the Full Spectrum , but instead , the model that offers just a few frequencies . I am not happy with this product , but in all fairness , the Monster RaidoPlay I received was a different model than the one I ordered . I will attempt to purchase and try from a local retailer soon .
 First of all , they sent me the wrong model . Second , while it sounded great , it only produced sound out of ONE speaker . I know it was n't my car stereo or MP3 player , because they work fine with everything else . I asked to exchange the item . I had to pay to ship it back even though it was obviously defective and then , though I sent it to `` EXCHANGES '' and was told it would be exchanged , it was n't . It was refunded and they told me to reorder another one . Thanks ... but , I 'll try a different brand . What a bunch of morons ! Ca n't even get the right item in the package , charge $ 10 to ship something that weight about 2 ounces , and they do n't understand what `` exchange '' means . Sad .
 The order did not arrive and no refund was returned . Please be careful when ordering .
 Disapointed that this product does n't charge I-Pod . As a result I have had to return this product to exchange for another one . I still have n't heard from them for my refund it has been over two weeks !
 I bought this locally because I 've always been a Monster fan . Put it in the car , tuned it -LRB- the full band tuning was nice -RRB- and the buttons felt totally cheap . They were loose feeling . With the cheap FM Transmitter I had I got clear stereo sound , picked up no engine or transmission whine or static unless in a large city . With the Monster , I heard transmassion whine no matter where in the car I placed it . The sound was muffled as if I had the treble all the way down although the bass was very good . It did not work with the headphone jack on my Cingular 8125 Pocket PC for MP3s . With that device it only played out of one side of the stereo speakers . THEN , for some reason , the internal fuse would keep tripping even when I had the volume on the CD player all the way down . The display would flash `` 8888 '' and I had to unplug it and plug it back in to reset it.The good thing is it looked slick and was unobtrusive . I took it back to Radio Shack the next day.If you want a GOOD FM Transmitter , check out the Accurian FM Transmitter . It 's the same price , will seek out the clearest frequency for you and is as unobtrusive as the Monster . I 'm wondering if Monster made it for Radio Shack and put MUCH MUCH better quality/components in it . It 's the same price and works GREAT !! My opinion ? Stick with Monster for audio/video cables , but go with someone else for wireless transmitters .
 After going through a cheap Coby FM transmitter that did n't last long enough , I decided to go with this one after reading its reviews . I purchased this one in December , and it 's already broken . Here are the pros and cons : Pros :1 . You can save preset radio stations on it . You get three presets , which is kind of nice .2 . You can set it to almost any frequency . It does n't have only certain stations that you can use.But here , folks , are the outweighing cons :1 . You ca n't set the frequency below 88.7 FM . I live in Charlotte , NC , so that does not leave many options above that frequency for use . I used to set my old one at 87.7 and got good reception almost everywhere .2 . The first time I used it for 11 hours , it started to overheat and get static-y . At first I could use it short bits of time , but now it 's static-y all the time . It cuts in and out of broadcasting now .3 . My Coby was the half the price and lasted almost two years . This one did n't even last six months .4 . If the station you had it on was n't on a preset station , the lightest touches to any of the buttons changed the station to a preset and you had to hold down a button then adjust the frequency up and down to get back to it . This is a little challenging while you 're driving .5 . Not durable for temperature changes.So , if I had to do it again , I 'd pick the Coby again . At least the Coby was cheaper and I was n't surprised when it stopped working .
 I just got done playing with this in my car for the last hour . I do n't know if it 's my location -LRB- about 90 minutes north of NYC -RRB- or what , but , I just could not find a station that provided sound that satisfied me.The best sound I could get was equivelent to a average to poor radio station . Sound was distant and hollow . Not anywhere near a quality radio station sound.Let 's put it this way , if I were to tune to a radio station that had the sound I was getting , it might hold my attention for a little while , but , certainly not a station I 'd be willing to preset on my radio.This is being returned .
 for as much as it costs , its a piece of junk . Most FM transmitters are , i heard some good things about this one , so i thought it would be better , and it wasnt =-LRB- , and i dont even live in the city , it has alot of static , and garbled , underwater
 I have a 1999 Toyota Tacoma pickup . I bought the Monster FM transmitter to work with my iPod . But I could not tune the device to any station so that my stereo and antenna could pick it up . I got a faint signal at 88.9 , but then that disappeared . It could be that the Los Angeles area airwaves are just too crowded . I am getting a cassette tape to MP3 converter next . Hopefully , the hard line will work better .
 The 3.5 mm cable broke after about 3 weeks of use . I had to cut open the cable and re-splice it , that worked for another few weeks until it stopped working completely.I am very disappointed in this product .
 This unit at first pleased me with adequate audio quality and the ability to bypass those unreliable tape cassette adapters which only work in some cassette players . However , after about 30-40 minutes of playback , this unit fails and displays a flashing `` J '' in the display . If I let it sit for a while , it works again for another 30-40 minutes and then fails again . This failure is both repeatable and seen with a couple of different audio sources . I contacted Monster support via their website 's email form , but there was no response . I guess most people use it less than 30-40 minutes and therefore do not see this issue .
 Dont purchase this product as the sound is not good . Slightest movement of power cord creates severe static .
 I am not happy with this item . It will not hold the station and has a lot of static . Therefore , music does not play correctly.Very disappointed .
 Had a terrible experience with this item . Very flimsy buttons , poor build quality and make . Stopped working in a few days . There are better choices out there .
 I 've now used this on two long car trips up and down the East Coast , and my recommendation is that you only buy this if you are absolutely desperate to use your iPod in your car , and there are literally no alternative ways to use your car 's audio equipment to accomplish that . The sound -LRB- whether in an urban area or way out in the sticks -RRB- is noisy , distorted , and compressed , even when there are no local interfering stations . Loud music is crackly , quiet music is inaudible .
 I was hoping to use this to play my ipod in the car on road trips . The sound quality is terrible , and there is static on just about every channel . I live directly between Milwaukee and Chicago , so there are very few stations that have dead air . This transmitter is not strong enough to block all of the interference from local radio stations . This product may work well when traveling through rural areas , but that has yet to be tested . Do not purchase this unit if you live in an area with tons of radio stations .
 I got this transmitter today in the mail ahead of time and thats about the only positive thing ive got to say about it . One of the digital numbers were out and didnt work so i didnt know what station it was on exactly . The other complaint i have is that it is junk . No stations worked at all . It is a poorly made product . I will be sending it back . .
 Does not perform well , weak signal does not allow quality sound from ipod to radio . FCC is responsible for weak signal .
 Pros
 I could not get a single station to play acceptably . Returned this item after trying to go through every station without any positive results .
 Does not work correctly . The static is louder than the music . I 've tried it in three cars and have even asked others to try with the same results .
 I was not very pleased with this product . It does offer a large list of stations to choose from , but none of them were clear at all . I 'm not talking a little static -LRB- that 's to be expected -RRB- I mean , you could n't hear the music over the static noise .
 This product is so inferior I almost ca n't believe I paid money for it . Even the slightest amount of volume in a song makes the sound dissolve into static . Trust me , I 've tried every frequency , they are all garbage . The last Monster FM transmitter I had was marginally better but alas , it died . The only reason I use this is because my nearly inaudible iPod playlist is better than anything the Clear Channel has to offer and it 's illegal in Massachusetts to listen to your headphones while driving .
 Ordered it for my Droid Razr in December , 2011 . Worked fine for six months , then gave in . The cable/wire has problems and it wo n't transmit the music to the speakers , I have to constantly tinker with the wire to transmit the sound , which is impossible -LRB- and unsafe -RRB- to do while driving and kind of defeats the whole purpose . For a $ 25 transmitter , this was disappointing . I had a $ 5 FM transmitter before -LRB- when I had an iPhone -RRB- and it worked fine without any trouble for ages.Not recommended !
 The Monster RadioPlay 300 FM Transmitter -LRB- MBL-FM XMTR300 -RRB- is hardly useable . It works but with intermittent noise in the raidio . very annoying .
 I bought this product before a long road trip . I connected it to my iPod to play MP3 's along the way . The sound quality is horrible ! The static was either hissing in the background or overpowering . I never found a frequency that did not have static . Also , the music sounded like it was being played in a cavern through the wall . It was muted and echoing . I returned it as soon as I got back from my trip . Not worth the money .
 This transmitter is the worse I have ever use . But I have a feeling of living in the mountains -LRB- CO -RRB- also might have an effect on it too . The sound quality has static in every station I turn to . and it does n't have a synchronizing button where u can hit for the thing to search your area for a better reception dial . The transmitter makers have no vision ... I an very disappointed and wasting almost 40 dollars for something like this in this economy .
 I did give this contraption 1 star basically out of pity . I could barely wait for this gadget to arrive , and was really looking forward to hearing music on my long ride to work , instead of yapping disc jockeys . I plugged the thing in and nothing . I twisted and adjusted the power plug thingy in and out until finally the light flickered on briefly , only to need further readjusting before it would stay put . I turned on my music , which was barely audible under all the static , did n't matter where I set the volume or which station I tuned to . Still hopeful , I tried the thing out on my way to work , thinking local interference could be to blame , and it might clear up as I drove . Instead , the situation only became worse , as an ear shattering feedback noise erupted from my speakers at random intervals . At this point , I was greatly concerned whether or not my speakers were still intact . Was lucky there , but realized I 'd wasted my money , and packed the thing up for return that day . Guess I 'm better off putting a new belt on my old cassette player ...
 It seems easy enough to use at first , but you have to play around and find the best frequency for optimal playback , which can be difficult . Then you have to find the right balance between mediums , meaning sometimes you have to increase the sound volume on your MP3 player and decrease the volume on the radio , or vice versa . You never know exactly what to do , and it is very dangerous while driving.It never acts the same way twice ... sometimes it works great , other times it 's completely useless . The static feedback is quite noticeable . The buttons are super-sensitive so if the transmitter part just gently bumps something , it can easily switch to a different radio station by mistake , and throw off your music.I would highly recommend you pay the extra money for a better model . This one just does n't do the job .
 I bought this transmitter and it does n't work . I contacted the company that sent it and they told me I had 30 days to send it back from the time I ordered it . It took the company 14 days to send it and it was a gift for my husbands birthday so my time is up . I am very unhappy . I am trying to get them to make an acception in my case . We shall see .
 I bought to charge and sync my HTC HD2 , but just work for charge . It does n't synchronize my notebook with my phone.So , it 's the same that you buy a wall charger for 5 bucks!DONT BUY IT !!!
 This is a very nice case , except that it does not fit the Treo 300 I purchased it for . Since all the Treos to date are the same size ... I admit it could have been the particular one I purchased , but I could not put the phone/PDA into the case ; the top opening was too small . Try something else . Maybe Coach will make one or Amazon will stock one of the other ones available for the Treo .
 I got this item and it 's very tight which makes it very hard to answer a call quickly . Taking my Treo out of the case takes quite a bit of effort . My Treo 270 seems to turn on automatically either from the top of the case hitting the power button or the side hitting the jog dial . I ca n't believe that the top of the case was designed with such a flaw . When closed , it does n't clear the power button at all . This is junk . I ca n't use it at all .
 I found this case via a search for a Tungsten E2 case . Do n't buy it for an E2 . The E2 is too big for the case.It 's a nice case . Maybe I 'll keep it in case I get a Blackberry someday . ; - -RRB- P.S. I ordered another size , ` SMALL ' , and the Tungsten E2 seems to fit just fine . Go with that size .
 It states that this item is for all motorola phones ... well it 's not for the IC 502 . . It does not work with windows Vista either ... Disappointed
 VERIZON USERS BEWARE ! Due to no fault of this seller -LRB- product did not come in retail box , but came in tact -RRB- , Verizon users will only be able to back up their address book -LRB- inadequately at that -RRB- , not transfer photos or ringtones . After many calls -LRB- the seller , verizon and motorola -RRB- I found out that Verizon puts a block on the phones so that you have to use THEIR services and motorola software will NOT work completely .
 I could never get this to work correctly with either of my Windows Vista computers . I ended up getting a copy of 5.0 from some where else and it worked fine . Could n't up grade w / this software to the new version , so a total waste of money .
 Product description says `` for all Motorola Phones '' . Neither cable fits my Motorola V9m so product received is unusable.Product description says '' -LSB- Retail Packaged -RSB- '' . The 3 items were stuffed into zip lock sandwich bag.I 've never seen any Retail product packaged like this.I have placed the seller `` BargainCell '' on my list that begins with the letter `` S '' .
 I missed the reviews that said it did n't work on Verizon with the Motorola V3M phone . I did verify the advertising that said it does work on the V3M and that it supports ringtones and images . The product is totally worthless to me .
 I ordered this item for the purpose of transferring pics to the comp . After ordering I found out that Verizon -LRB- who I have -RRB- makes it impossible to transfer pics using phone tools . -LRB- Not sellers fault -RRB- I refused delivery when it came . I 've been trying since May 9 to get refund from BargainCell . After SEVERAL emails , them saying they do n't have the item , tracked the item myself for them , saying my address is unreliable , -LRB- all I did was refuse delivery , not move -RRB- finally was notified May 28 that I 'd get refund . Never again with this seller .
 The item received was Counterfeit . I ordered two phones and got them verified at the apple store . The representative at APPLE confirmed that both the IPHONES -LRB- So Claimed -RRB- are fake.HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT
 I bought a factory unlocked Iphone 3g from Matchbox INC and have never received it.The seller did n`t reply to my messages and I filed a claim and about to get my money back , but I worn those people who actualy want to buy a `` cheap '' factory unlocked iphone . The real cost should be around 500 for an unused one and around 300 for used.So beware of the ` free ' cheese in the mouse trap .
 I bought a new iphone 3G international version on march 3 2011from amazon -LRB- fulfilled by iabebay llc -RRB- when I turned it on I saw the phone book is full with hundreds of phone numberseven an e-mail account and addressI took it to an official apple store here in Turkeythey said the phone is used and back casing is not originaland side buttons are not working smoothly .
 I received the iphone without accesories and it does not work at all , I would like to return it . Even Itunes did not recognaze it
 I purchased an Apple I Phone 3 from Amazon warehouse for my sons Christmas gift . After opening on Christmas day we discovered the phone would not do anything . We brought it the next day to the Apple store to find out that only the outside was a real I phone everything inside of the phone was fake . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this iPhone 3G as a `` New iPhone '' from a company called SellPhoneStop - just a month ago . When it did n't sync in my detail , and began losing content that I tried to store , I took it to the Apple Store . They indicated that this iPhone is over three years old and was faulty , In fact all information was eventually lost and unable to restore.I will never buy a `` New Phone '' on-line again because no one can be sure of what they are getting . This iPhone was n't cheap but I thought it was a good price ... Bottom line is , you do get what you pay for.Jan
 La peor compra que pude haber realizado , me enviaron en lugar de el tan esperado Iphoneun Blackberry y de menor precio.Cuidado con la tienda donde compran
 compre el iphone por este medio y llego en perfectas condicionesla unica lata que lo conecte al itunes y quedo en modo de recuperacion y no puedo hacer nadayo no se que solucion me dan pero necesito que el iphone funcione o que me devuelvan la platayo soy de chile estoy bastante lejos pero por favor les pido que tengan ojo al comprar ...
 I had the product for 1 week and it 's broken already . I would rather purchase something more sturdy with my money and shipping charges credited toward the purchase.Spencer
 I bought this thinking that the cord on my existing power adaptor had developed a flex-break after two years of service.Unfortunately , it seems I was wrong . It 's the craptastic design of the interface on the Sony/Ericsson that 's at fault.And so , I 'm unable to write a review of this product for it 's intended purpose.However , as a review of a means of determining yet another way that the Sony/Ericsson 905A is a truly horrible phone , it worked well.At least it was cheap .
 product worked for about a week then not anymore , sometimes intermittent . Had to order one from the sony co. direct .
 It does n't charge my phone . I had to buy another one in a sony ericsson shop .
 item is okay , except you can not sync the Treo with computer , even tho its description in Amazon and the box both state that you can . Device will recharge Treo , but will not sync .
 I love the concept
 This thing crashed my palm treo ! and of course as it is not original or palm approved , the warranty does not cover for this .
 keep in mind this costs 49 cents . it does protect my iPhone , and it does have a non-slip grip . however , it does n't fit well . the parts immediately above and below the screen are permanently lifted about a centimeter away from the screen . also - and this amazed me - there 's no hole for your headphones ! you have to manually cut it out yourself . I recommend nail clippers.if you want something really cheap , go for it . but it 'll probably annoy you because it does n't fit .
 I bought this phone through a supplier via an online travel site . This phone is an absolute nightmare to navigate . Now that most of us nowadays text instead of talking , the A70 makes it absolutely near impossible to do so . The phone feels cheap . What is worse is that depending on your provider , a phone call costs 2.00 USD or 80 per text ! If you are considering using a phone abroad , do not get this . A piece of junk .
 This cell phone comes with a European connection for 220 current . It is poorly made and feels very cheap .
 Having such long standby and talk times are nice , but it does n't make up for the low comfort . Thank goodness it comes with two ear pieces as one broke when I tried to put it on the device . Perhaps the company knew this and put two in for that very reason . The device is so large that the poorly designed ear piece does not hold it to your ear well .
 This did not work at all . The company refuses to refund my money . Buyer beware . Do n't buy this junk from this shady company .
 The software refused to install on my system . It 's not worth sending it back for a refund . I can only give it one star because the battery charger function does work.BE WARNED
 Compare to the original BP-5L battery I have , the build quality for this battery is obviouslylower in many aspects . I can not say for sure it 's a counterfeit , but there are manydifferences between this and the original battery : - The circles around '' + '' and '' - '' are thinner . - The font of `` NOKIA '' is thinner . - The paint of words and symbols are much less clear . - The seam between the plastics are not well-glued . - In English it reads `` MADE IN HUNGARY '' , but in French is reads `` MADE IN CHINA ''
 The end that is supposed to plug into the player to charge is not the correct type . It actually fits into the port on my iPod but not my vission m. Of course my iPod wo n't take a charge from it though.I am really frustrated .
 This space is not sufficient . I ordered a product from Bargain Cell on 5/3/07 , received the wrong product , immediately notified Bargain Cell 's `` customer -LRB- no -RRB- service '' , was told the item would be resent immediately . During the passing weeks , I sent multiple emails requesting the location of my correct item . Only yesterday , weeks later , did I again receive correspondence from `` customer -LRB- no -RRB- service '' stating that there had been some kind of error and that now the items is really being sent . By the way , the wrong item that I originally received was packaged with the correct invoice of what was ordered . No apology , refund , overnight shipping , etc. has been offered even though they have had my money now for 5 weeks , the item was a birthday present that is more than a little belated , and I still have no idea if I will ever see the item that I ordered .
 It does not match my sony cellphone very well . I just use one time and throw it to corner . so I advise you not buy this items even it is very cheaper . Please buy the original charger if possible .
 I ordered a wall charger and got a car charger that someone else ordered . How do I know that someone else ordered it ? Because his picking slip was in my package ! What a disappointment !
 the charger i recieved was missing a lot of prongs therefore it would n't charge . it was a waste of my money and time . DO NOT BY THIS CHARGER you wo n't regret it
 The charger was purchased to charge my W300i cell phone . It 's cord did not seat well with the phone , therefore , could not charge it .
 I really have no idea what 's going on with mine but I received it at the amazing price but unfortunately it is not getting charged at all -LRB- the Sony Ericsson -RRB- phone and I am 100 % sure there is nothing wrong with the phone . I just lost my phone charger so I ordered a new one . It fits and all but it does n't charge , I do n't know why :-LRB- I guess I was just lucky enough to get a defective one : -LRB-
 Brighthand website did a review of screen protectors and this product came in dead last .
 `` Wrong product sent - not the same as in the photo which image and page I copied by the way . Please refund me the money or send the same type speaker as in the ad . `` Ripped off .
 At first I was in love with this phone . The text messaging system is awesome , the screen is nice and big with a good picture quality , and the size is an advantage . It also can be very loud if need be , although that wears the battery down rather quickly . It also has the advantage of having a USB port for a charger , which makes the likelihood of having a friend with the same charger higher . HOWEVER , it 's small sliding size makes it a little bit fragile . After having this seemingly perfect phone for two and a half months , it is doing some weird things . First , it loses service extremely easily , which it did not do at first . That would n't be so bad if the screen did n't also go white whenever this happened . Whenever it whites out like that , I ca n't do anything ; I ca n't look at pictures , or my numbers , and if I 'm working on a textmessage , it gets lost and not saved to drafts . It happens all the time . Obviously this is extremely annoying , and it would seem that the phone is either badly designed , or broken . I have not been unusually rough on this phone , so I do n't believe that it should be broken so early on in it 's lifespan . My best guess is that the rizer is a problem prone phone , and I would think twice about buying one if I were you .
 I had this phone for three days before rushing to return it . I LOVE the look and feel of the phone as well as the keypad . All wonderful . Do n't get me started on the 2mp camera with `` flash . '' GREAT ! I also love that you can not overcharge the battery as well as the feature where if you ca n't get to the phone right away , a message will tell the caller to hold on a sec . One of the reasons I returned it is the alarm . You have to set it EVERY NIGHT ! I have friends with Motorola phones and their phones had the multi-alarm feature where you can set it by day , etc. . Why does n't THIS phone have that ? Another thing that got on my nerves was the UI . Samsung has spoilt me with their numbered menus . Pressin ' the down key nine times to get to the 9th menu option when I can just press the no. 9 key just does n't make sense to me in this day and age . The speaker phone is n't loud enough either . Hey , if I did n't take enough time to get to know the phone and I 'm wrong about any of this , please lem me know . I opted for a Samsung Blast . Looooove it ! Got my numbered menus and the `` flash '' on the Motorola Rizr z3 is nothing compared to all the frames , clip art and other fun stuff you can do with Samsung 's camera options . Still I ca n't stop thinkin ' about the Rizr z3 . However , when I get past its looks , the romance is done .
 My two sons have this phone . The size and camera are great , durability is NOT . On one phone the back button stopped working . On the other phone the center button fell off -LRB- just like another review -RRB- . The T-mobile store says buttons that fall off are not covered under warrantee . We are already buying a different phone at full price to replace the one with the buttons that fell off .
 Please take time to read this review , and if you want to save yourself a lot of frustration , take into account this review before you even THINK about buying this phone.The phone texts so slowly that if you type in a word with more than two letters you have to wait for it to catch up with you . If you try to just type everything in all at once without seeing what you wrote the phone will jumble letters and get confused.The only way to see which are incoming calls and which are outgoing calls is to look closely to see if there is a blue or orange arrow next to the person . It took me a month to figure this out , the symbols are very small and there are no separate sections for outgoing/incoming/missed calls.There is no way to turn off repeated vibrate when you get a text . It will continue to vibrate , over and over and over , -LRB- spaced about a two minutes apart -RRB- until you 've read the text.The phone itself is slow . When you push a button , it does n't instantly take you where you want to go , there is about a three second lag , which does n't sound bad but if you are doing more than just calling someone it gets annoying pretty quickly . It reminds me of dial-up internet , waiting for pages to load.Last but not least , if you are buying it for the 2.0 megapixel camera , you wo n't be disappointed , the image quality is great , but unfortunately the three second lag applies here too . So unless you 're taking pictures of still objects you will be frustrated with what you get .
 probably the worst part of this phone is the texting . not only do i not like the style of the SMS program , but the texting is so slow on this phone that i 'll have a full sentence typed but it will still be one the first couple words . then you have to wait until it catches up to you and see if you 've made a mistake . this gets really annoying if you 're writing more than two word messages.the lag in texting applies to everything else . this is by far the slowest phone i have ever owned.the one positive thing i will say about this phone is that i like the option of having a normal ringtone -LRB- one that actually sounds like a phone -RRB- ; that , however , is a feature of all motorola phones.as far as the 2MP camera , do not buy this phone for the camera , as you will be disappointed . the quality is horrible . i thought that a 2mp camera would take better pictures than the 1.3 that i had on my previous phone . i was sadly mistaken . pictures from this phone look good neither on the phone or on a computer.if i could afford it , i would trash this phone and just buy a new one , but i 'll have to wait until i can renew my contract and go back to nokia .
 I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE !!! THE ALARM SUCKS , ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO GET SERVICE ANYWHERE !! BUT WHAT SUCKS MOST OF ALL IS THAT THE BUTTONS FALL OF AND OF COURSE WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER THIS . . PART OF THE REASON I PURCHASED THIS PHONE WAS DUE TO HOW SEXY AND STREAMLINED I THOUGHT IT LOOKED COMPARED TO OTHER PHONES AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE . . BUT NOW THAT THE BUTTONS FEEL OFF , IM STUCK WITH A PHONE THAT LOOKS LIKE A LIKE CRAP AND FUNCTIONS HORRIBLY . DO NOT INVEST MONEY IN THIS PHONE . .
 Hi , I upgraded to this phone last fall and I have been disappointed ever since . You have to set the alarm every night and the commands are extremely slow . Ending a call is slow . Typing in a phone number to call is slow . Texting is slow . If you patient then this phone is for you . I paid for this phone and the phone I had previously was free and much better . I suggest going into the Tmobile store and scroll through the features to make sure everything you want is there.I also had to get a replacement phone because the circle which navigates through the menu fell off . The clerk stated that this problem in not uncommon .
 I have had this phone for about 8 months now . And I am on my 3rd phone!I center round keys have fallen off every single phone I have had . The keys are held on by glue and they do not remain sticky enough . I have avoided leaving the phone in heat , or in my pockets , but it still somehow falls apart . TMobile has been good enough to replace the phone , but I have had enough , but I signed a two year contract , so there is nothing I can do now but wait.I have a friend who has the blue rizr , and hers is still in great condition . Maybe it is something about the pink one.Other than that I love this phone .
 This phone was released before it was ready . Every week or so , the phone screen goes white and resets itself . It happens randomly and as far as I can tell is not linked to a specific action . I have exchanged this phone 2 times . So I have had 3 of these phones , and all 3 have had this problem . Unfortunately I did not first see it until the 15th day , 1 day after I could have returned the phone in the state I reside . No one at T-Mobile knows what the problem is , and they pretend not to know the problem exists even though I have read reviews in many places complaining of this problem -LRB- after I had the problem and looked for soln , which I have not found -RRB- . Motorola quality control has obviously gone downhill . In summary , do n't buy this phone .
 I 've had this phone for about 3 months now . It will NOT charge ! I have tried many different outlets , but for the past few weeks , the phone wo n't charge . When it does charge , it does n't hold a charge . I 've heard of others having this problem as well . The phone is also slow . It does n't go where you want it to go right away . The phone is awesome for a while , but then all of these problems start happening . I would n't buy this phone . I am going to pay the price to get a different one . I hate it .
 I biught this phone only to realize that right out of the box it had white screen problems , I exchanged it and the same thing happened again . I sent the second phone back for a tmobile shadow and I could n't be happier . If the white screen is fixed then it could be a decent phone , but it is annoying and frustrating .
 Quality Construction , but to stiff . Hard to get phone in and out . I have purchased a previous Cell Case from Amazon that was a Nicole Miller . It was soft leather and approximately same size . I love it . Have never used this one , sits in a drawer . I use Cell cases daily for work as a property manager . On the go constantly and must keep hands free . Cell phone a tool not a fashion statement .
 I bought this headset for my Nokia 6102i . It was cheap -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- so I decided to give it a try . I had a hard time fitting the connector into the phone , but I did manage to get it in . The first time I tried it , I could n't hear anything from the headset . The second time , I made sure to press the headset connector into the phone fairly hard , and then it started working . I found that just touching the connector will disconnect it from the phoneThe sound quality is just ok . I 've tried another headset using a Nokia pop-port to 2.5 mm universal adapter , and that headset sounds much better.Also , when using the pop-port to 2.5 mm universal adapter , my 6102i phone recognizes the headset and displays a headset icon in the middle of the phone . The 2.5 mm adapter also stays connected to the phone much better than the headset . I think this head just has cheap materials and construction . -LRB- How else could they sell it for $ 10 -RRB- I decided to return the headset and use the 2.5 mm adapter instead.Summary : Pros :1 -RRB- Cheap -LRB- Only $ 10 -RRB- Cons :1 -RRB- Poor or just ok sound quality2 -RRB- The headset does n't stay connected to the phone very well .
 Only charges the usb part . The headset part is only to hold the headset . It does not charge the headset . Worthless .
 I ordered a charger for my Bluetooth head set . i got this thing which does n't charge my blue tooth . it 's just a dongle . i 'd send it back but i do n't want to waste the postage . i 'm very disappointed .
 Nice , but after approximately 6 months of everyday use , the metal that is beneath the black material on the part that hooks over your belt/waistband cuts through the material and pokes you in the side .
 I ordered this and received it in January . About 3.5 weeks ago . It has stopped working . I emailed the customer service at Scala with no response . Amazon apparently will not take it back as it is 30 days from shipping . Do not buy this item as it is very defective . I did not drop it or misuse it in any way . It worked fine for about 3 weeks . We have followed all the directions and it simply is broken .
 in fact i bought it in september for friend as a gift , so the phone deliver to friends address directly , i did not see it till 2 -3 month later , it was such a shame to give such a bad gift to friend ! it can not work at all , and its looking like the refresh old phone , so i try to connect the seller for return , but they told that we already expire the warranty , we only could send back the phone for repair ! but who want the refresh old phone ? i paid 288 usd for the new phone price , but they sent me trash ...
 This screen protector feels good and goes on easy ... BUT it changes the quality of the picture to the point of headache ! It becomes blurry due to the matte texture and feels like I was dizzy looking at the screen . I took it off after a week ...
 The one I ordered lasted maybe a week before one of the straps broke . It really is a useless product .
 I never received this product . I was sent a hard plastic clip . i e-mailed you and was told you could do nothing about it .
 The case is a very inexpensive case which goes along with the quality of the case . In other words , cheap to buy and cheaply made . I had problems with the stitching coming loose and also where the belt clip connects to the case it was starting to rip at that point . All of this with less than 2 months of use .
 I was dissatisfied with this product because it would not stay closed when used with my Moto Q phone . It does work for my son 's blackberry . He loves it !
 I purchased this for my wife and she did not like it . She said that it was cheap looking and that the pouch would not stay on her pants unless she was wearing a belt .
 This case is unbelievably poorly designed . The leather covering the belt clip started coming apart almost immediately , and the rivets connecting it to the case ripped out within weeks.If you 're looking for a `` disposable '' case that you plan to replace every month or two , this is n't necessarily a bad value for the price . The phone does fit it nicely , even with the extended battery installed . But if you want something that will last , this is definitely NOT the product to buy .
 I dropped my Motorola into this pouch , and it was clearly too big for it . I 'm guessing this is a generic pouch with an `` M '' on it .
 I didnt like it from the moment i put it on . Poor fit , horrible belt buckle with an impossible to find clip . The color was a bit ` loud ' for me too.Interestingly enough i ordered a similar case in black from another maker -LRB- same style though -RRB- and like it much better . It actually stays on my phone and the belt clip is easy to find .
 I 've actually never written a negative response before , and I 've bought hundreds of products from Amazon . The first earpiece broke within a day , and the second one broke within a week or so . There does n't seem to be a headset made that is made well , but this one was the worst I 've had .
 It came as a lovely leather case form my phone - I thought I had made a great purchase . Over the last couple of weeks the leather started coming out of the attachment for the clip and then yesterday the clip part fell apart all together . I think it is related to a rather poor design of the clip and the way that is held on .
 The phone holster does n't fit the phone right , so I have to be careful my phone does n't fall out .
 After putting it on , it was so tight on the phone the buttens were n't working ! Do n't bother with this .
 I liked this case when I first got it . It fit the phone perfectly , did not add any extra bulk and provided some protection . Quickly ran into problems . It presses on something b/c the phone lost all function to the keyboard and camera section of the phone . I could still use the top section hence the phone still worked . It required a reboot and that seemed to correct the problem but it required it up to 5 times in one day . Another office mate ran into the same problem . I would send it back but lost the receipt now it sits in a basket of other worthless junk .
 I liked mine at first but it did n't hold up . I 've had mine about a month and it 's falling apart . It 's too bad because I really liked it.As far as the comments from others regarding the phone freezing on when it 's open it 's the 2 bottons -LRB- contacts and message -RRB- . I found that if you trim the plastic around those bottons that fixes that issue .
 The headset is cheap . The kind you will find at a dollar store . The cell carrying case is also cheap and too tight , I could not use it . Basically you are getting a car charger .
 This case was dirty 10 minutes after I started using it . I bought it for the crisp white contrast - but it picks up every bit of dirt and marks up very easily . too bad - doubt I can return it .
 The sound quality is fine ... as long as you keep your phone no further from the earpiece than your shirt pocket . This thing has NO range to it . It 's unfortunate because it has an otherwise solid design . The single rocker switch is slick and intuitive . All the design in the world does n't mean a lick if it just does n't work .
 The title says it all . I do n't have weird ears , a big or small head or anything , it 's just hard plastic that causes ear irritation if worn for more than a half hour or so . I ca n't recommend this product.When it is in use , the quality of the sound is a little chunky and digital sounding compared to my Motorola Bluetooth headset . I do n't think a headset should EVER introduce noise to a conversation , but this one does.I gave it two stars instead of one because it does function as advertised , but beyond that it 's painful and annoying .
 I bought this a week ago -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- , hoping to replace an inexpensive , yet very functional , Samsung which I had lost the earpiece for.I 'll get right to it . It charged and paired quickly and without incident . I 'll also say that the piece that fits into your ear was excellent , as was the ear clip that was on a turning hinge that made it simple to get onto/into your ear . That 's the good part . The problems were
 Even after a full charge this headset continues to have static in its reception . I would not recommend this and will be seeking to return or exchange it .
 This is the second Bluetooth headset I have owned , to replace a Motorola H700 that was awful . I am not happy with this headset . The range is TERRIBLE . I have to have the phone sitting on my shoulder to be able to hear properly . Even then , the person I am talking to has trouble hearing me . However , it does look nice and feel comfortable in my ear . Those are the only positive things about it .
 I could not use and had to return item because it comes with a European plug , now Amazon was good about returning my money but it was a lot of time and hassle for nothing , the website should be updated , and I do not see that , that has happened as of yet .
 It works ! I had a Motorola headset and I liked the performance , but it always felt like it was going to fall off my ear . I tried the Plantronics because it looked like it would fit more secure . The Plantronics fits very nice , I played soccer and forgot it was there . However , performanc wise , it tends to be staticky and tends to mute you as a noise reduction feature :-RRB- . Next time , I 'm spending more money to get performance and fit .
 I am totally disappointed in the bluetooth earpiece by Plantronics . The range is horrible . If I step outside of my office , it disengages immediately . I continuously have to reconnect . If I had not had it in my ear for over a day , I would have returned it for a full refund . Do not buy this product .
 I was disappointed that when I would dial digits on my phone I could always hear static in the blue tooth . Then the unit would not hold a charge . I sent an e-mail to the address listed for the company on the Amazon website and it has been over a week and no one has responded . I finally ended up calling the manufacturer and they said that if I filled out some paperwork , they would replace it . I assume this will happen this week .
 This bluetooth headset is almost unusable because it picks up and amplifies all the surrounding sounds of the person you are talking to . I bought one for my wife and one for me and I do not even use mine anymore and I am trying to convince my wife not to use hers . When I talk to my wife while she is using the headset , if there are any noises in the surrounding area , the noise level is so loud and annoying that I ca n't wait to end the call . This purchase was a complete waste -- do NOT make the same mistake !!
 Sounds like I 'm underwater when I use it . Too much of a pain to return it so I 'm simply eating the cost .
 This was the 1st bluetooth I purchased and I did n't want to spend over $ 40 . It is easy to use , as advertised but the sound quality is n't great . It picks up alot of background noise and my own voice was not loud enough to the people I was calling . I returned this and purchased a better , but more expensive bluetooth .
 The ear-piece constantly dropped the connection while I was driving . It had a lot of static when I used it at home , even if my phone was right next to me . I did return it and purchased the 510 . I am happy with that one .
 I got it as a present . It worked great while driving car , but to my disappointment it was very noisy when I tried to use it while walking . I gave it a try couple of days on different times but finally gave up .
 I tried this for one week and had to return it . The hard ear piece hurt our ears and we found that afte a few hours we could n't take it any more . The system worked ok but it hurt . We ended up buying the 510 and have been really please ! Spend a few extra bucks and buy the 510 you will be much happier .
 Nice compact headset , but will not stay coneected to my Treo 700P . Connects easily , but drops connection every 10 minutes or so . I called Plantronics and was told NONE of theie headsets are working with Treo phones.I had to return the headset in less than 24 hours
 This product should not be moved at all while talk in progress . Sound is accompanied with lot of disturbing backround noise .
 This is my second Bluetooth Headset ; I had a Motorola HS820 before . It turns out they have complementary problems : The Motorola sounded good but would n't stay on my ear . It feel off once too often and stopped working after less than a year.This Plantronics 330 sticks to my ear like gravy . But the call quality is indifferent-to-bad . Using it with a Cingular 2125 it is hard for people to understand me ; `` Quiet '' and `` echoey '' are the two most common complaints . I can understand them quite well but only provided that I hold the phone within 3 feet of the receiver . The range is appalling.I used to wear my Motorola headset and wander around the room with no impact on signal quality ; with the Plantronics 330 if I wear the headset on my right ear and put the phone in my left jacket pocket it causes the quality to deteriorate sharply . If I 've been on a call for 20 or 30 minutes , I have to hold the phone within inches of the headset to maintain a tolerable signal.I do find it very comfortable and stable . It has a little rubber bud that one inserts inside one 's ear and it never falls off , but based on its limitations I would not recommend this device .
 When I talk to people using this headset they always complain about the background noise . Even if I am outside and there is n't any noise other than the wind , they can hear the crackling wind noise.I wanted to return the item , but I decided to keep it ... just to use at home and in complete silence . But I was definitely dissapointed with the inability of this gadget to filter the background noise .
 I personally think Plantronics Voyager 510 is still the best choice to go.I love my Plantronics Voyager 510 , too bad I lost it.I bought this one because it seems like it is a new product.I dang made a wrong choice ... Plantronics Voyager 510 felt so comfortable when put it on the ear , but this one just hurts my ear like hell !
 This Headset is HORRIBLE or maybe it 's just the one i got but either way it sucks and i thought Plantronic 's had a good name !
 i bought this headset based on cnet reviews and the reviews here . sadly i was wildly misled . i bought this to replace a logitech mobile traveller that my dog chewed to pieces . got `` decent '' reviews , not too expensive , and supposedly good voice quality . too bad none of the above was true in ANY sense of the word.don ' t get me wrong , it 's a FABULOUS headset IF you do n't get any calls . or make any . but there is where it falls down rather badly.pro 's
 Very disappointed with the product . You have to keep in within arms length for it to work good.I had a less expensive Plantronics headset that worked really great.I have a Blackberry 8310 , Motorola works better with this phone .
 Good news = The Bluetooth works , had not problem synching to my blackberry.Bad news = Horrible clarity , if there is any sort of road noise the person on the other end can not hear you ! -LRB- whats the point of hands free ?!?! -RRB- You never know when the Bluetooth is low on battery , and you cant turn it off . . if you turn it on it runs for a long time . Sometimes when you already have it on your year and you want to end a call it will not end the call . When you want to make a call it goes to `` voice command '' instead of just regular dial which can be annoying because your phone cant hear you on the Bluetooth . The sound gets very garbled if you are more than a foot away from your phone -LRB- again whats the point -RRB- I have heard bad things about all Bluetooth headsets so this is just like all the others , but its a good price so if you really NEED one get it anyway -LRB- rather pay less then more for a crapy product in general -RRB-
 I am replacing this headset -LRB- It replaced an Explorer 320 -RRB- with a 510 because I am sick and tired of swivel earhooks getting loose and falling off-which is apparently NOT a warranty issue according to Plantronics . Their recommendation ? Replace the headset . I ordered my 510 tonight-can ' t wait to replace this one . Note-it drops calls frequently , which I know is a cell-phone company issue because it happens with the phone too . But the swivel earpieces are ridiculous . I could have bought a 520 for $ 2 more but chose not to because of the SWIVEL !
 I thought this product was great at first . It fits nicely and lasts a long time without needing to charge it . However , everyone I talk to say that they hear tons of background noise . The microphone picks up on everything around you and the person listening can not hear you very well . I have to buy another .
 i recently bougth 2 of this headset bluethoot , but i have to say that when one worked ok , the other does n't work at all , i think that the batery is the one that does n't charge , but the fact is that i paid for two and i just get one in good conditions , so it 's like if i paid for a expensive one ... I would ask for a refund , but the problem is that i 'm on Guatemala , so i did n't just paid for the headset , i had to pay to bring it to Guatemala ... and it does n't work ... i would have prefer to buy one here in Guatemala .
 My experience with the Explorer 330 has been mixed . On the positive side , under the best conditions the 330 has worked very well -- incoming and outgoing sound are far more clear than what I have been accustomed to with my BlackBerry 8830 cell phone.I have found , however , that the 330 performs poorly in several fairly common situations . First , background noise is a real problem . I have several times had callers hear nearby conversations more clearly than my voice , and car engine noise has sometimes drowned out speech . As another reviewer has already noted , the 330 is unusable in windy conditions.Second , battery life has been much worse than expected . As the battery level falls , the 330 needs to be closer and closer to the phone ; otherwise , the person on the other end of the line will hear an unacceptable level of static , although the Bluetooth connection will remain intact . In general , I 've found that after about two to four hours of talking time , the cell phone needs to be within an inch or two of the headset to function.Third , the 330 has a small effective range from the phone to which it is paired . In general , to have acceptable sound quality , I have had to keep my cell phone in a shirt pocket rather than a pants pocket or on a table in the same room . Again , this is closely linked to battery life ; the 330 's range is better if it is within its first thirty minutes after charging.All in all , this has been an adequate headset , but I have been frustrated by the number of situations in which it can not be effectively used . In hindsight , I probably would not have made this purchase .
 A lot of static noise in the background . Very limited range for signal - I pretty much have to have my cell phone on me , in my pocket or purse , in order to have a decent signal through my Bluetooth device . I would n't recommend buying this product .
 I 've used a similar product from Plantronics before , so I am familiar with its operation . This unit however has not performed as expected because it seems to transmit any and all background noise -LRB- interior vehicle road noise , wind , etc -RRB- which makes it uncomfortable for the people I 'm trying to converse with to understand me . Very disappointed .
 This Bluetooth lets in a lot of outside noise . If there is anything going on in the background , the other person is going to hear it . TV 's or radio 's , road noise . Almost anything . I would suggest a different unit .
 product came on time and in condition described however i ghot mixed responses as far as audio quality.i could hear ppl fairly well , but usually got complaints about ppl not hearing me.and the range to walk away from phone is not great.product did however fit nicely nad comfortably.i loved the in ear over ear design .
 I bought this Explorer 330 , because I was so happy with the Plantronics Voyager 510 . No two products could be more different in quality . True , this headset is much more sleek and modern-looking -LRB- the 510 does look a little like a hearing-aid -RRB- , but it had a great range of at least 15 to 20 feet . This is not AT ALL the case with the 330 . You will need to wear it on the same side of your body as your phone if you do not want to deal with unbearable voice distrotion and static . It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset . I will be returning mine and sticking with the 510 .
 The bluetooth will not pair . It does not work at all it was useless . If there is any way to send it back i would . i have it new as they sent it but it was useless . the sender was bad .
 Pros
 Plantronics makes excellent Bluetooth products but the explorer 330 is n't one of them . I do n't know if I just happened to get the ` bad apple ' out of the bunch because I 've had several problems with it . For starters , I can barely hear the person on the other end without static ringing in my ear . Also , when I 'm on the phone I get consistent complaints that they ca n't hear me on the other end . Aside from that it 's big & bulky , someone actually asked me ` why is your Bluetooth so big ? ' : / I have an iPhone 3G & Blackberry Curve , I got the same problems on both .
 This is a great product and it was a great price , however it does not work with MP3 player on the Samsung Blast phone . Otherwise it seems to be ok . Too bad the product description does not mention it will not work with MP3 players . I think thats poor technical writting .
 I bought this on sale at Circuit City - wait a minute , technically I bought a slightly older and uglier version for half price around Xmas but I will never buy ANY Plantronics product again , here 's why :1 . Look at the thing that goes around your ear , it 's too big and with the sheer weight of this ginormous -LRB- yes , that 's a word -RRB- headset , your ear will hurt after only about half an hour of use . Oh but it gets worse -LRB- see # 2 -RRB- ! 2 . What is the point of owning a headset that only works properly when you 're holding the cellphone no farther than arms length from it ? I wear my cell on my left hip and the bluetooth on my right ear - guess what ? Ca n't do it because there 's nothing but static at that distance ! That renders the unit worthless . Ca n't return it , because technically that 's how it 's designed and you ca n't get a refund from the manufacturer on something that suposedly `` works '' , you can only get a new one of the SAME THING!Any company that has the nerve to sell technology this poor and not offer a refund on something that in my opinion should have been RECALLED , is not worthy of doing business with me . Below I have quoted VERBATIM from the ` support ' section of their OWN website about the very problem I discussed in # 2 . Get this , they 're aware of the problem and still have the nerve to sell the damn thing ! Read on and pick up your jaw later ... `` Question
 Not only did it not come with any adapter tips for any cell phone but no where does it tell you how to get an adapter tip for your cell phone !!! All it is is a silver tube and a battery , THATS IT !!! Dont go through the hassle , just buy a different brand that comes with tips for your phone . : -LRB-
 My new phone does n't have a headphone port so I had to finally go bluetooth . I bought this because it was rated so high but so far it has been a big disappointment . When I 'm in the car I constantly had people telling me they could n't hear me or I was cutting out . I have pretty much junked it which is sad because now I 'm using the handset .
 This is third different Plantronics bluetooth ear piece and they all were very thinty . However , this one died very quickly . I am not satisfied with this product nor Amazon . All the ear pieces that I purchased online seem to be defective units . I would recommend purchasing at a store .
 I returned the headset . The casing is cheaply put together . With the headset on and the phone -LRB- Samsung SGH-a707 -RRB- stationary I can not walk more than 5 feet away without hearing much objectionable static . Talk time is ok . I purchased the Plantronics Voyager 510 . This one is so much better , it 's a difference between day and night . I can walk approximately 25 feet away , down the hall and into another room and still hear very well . I hear only a slight amount of static after I reach the far side of the room near a window.Don ' t buy the BT350 , it 's worth the extra cash to purchase the Voyager 510 . I like the Voyager 510 better than the Motorola H500 too . I 'll try and review the 510 soon .
 I ordered two of these , twice from two different sellers . None of the four identical headsets would power up . I would stay away from this particular model , as it appears there may be some defective versions still out there .
 Did not work , or turn on . Shows recharging but that all it does . Sent back and received a refund .
 The item arrived broken . Had to returned it for a refund . The item came with a mounting bracket , car charger , and a USB charging unit . The charging port on the headset looks to be a proprietary connection ; at least , I 've never seen a charging port like it on any device other than Plantronics devices . I would recommend getting a device with a standardized charging port -LRB- like microUSB -RRB- instead .
 Maybe this is a great unit however , I 'll never know . Charged it up and it would never power on . Returning and am just going with a Motorola
 I bought this model because of the in-ear bud . I had tried others that just sat on top of the ear . The on-ear never felt comfortable or locked-in . This model is adequate , but nothing special . Regardless how far I am away from the phone or laptop , I hear steady static . I 've paired it to my phone -LRB- Palm Treo 650 -RRB- , my laptop -LRB- Dell Latitude D620 -RRB- and my fiance 's phone -LRB- Samsung SGH-D807 -RRB- . All are about the same in terms of the static . Listening to music from the laptop is really bad and low quality , but that 's not the main usage model for this device . As a cellphone headset , it 's just OK.My fiance has the Plantronics Discovery 655 . That 's a much better device and well worth the extra money .
 The Plantronics Bluetooth adapter is a comfortable bluetooth headset that allows handsfree talking - especially useful for driving ! Unfortunately , this is also where it is at it 's weakest.Good
 I received this product and thought that I was doing something wrong in trying to get it to work properly . It had been recommended by a friend who purchased the same thing and uses it frequently on a daily basis . Even she looked at it all to no avail . Numerous calls to the number resulted in either a long wait -LSB- I gave up many times and never spoke to someone -RSB- , people who were unable to assist me , even after a long wait , and ultimately a person who informed me that nothing could be done to replace the product which was not working . I should n't have to pay more to get a product that should have been working properly in the first place .
 This look like a pretty good deal but I 'm not impressed . My device has not yet charged after being on the charger for some 8-10 hours , although the light on my car charger is red . But I guess you get what you pay for . Overall , this thing would 've been great had it actually worked .
 This is the second one I have bought in 30 days from Amazon ... . and the second one that doesnt work on arrival . I would think that I was maybe doing something wrong ... . except for the fact that I had both of them on a wall charger for overnight and they were still indicating they were charging in the morning . VERY disappointed , as I find the plantronics to be the most comfortable fit for me . Well , time to return this one and try for number 3 .
 I bought 2 of these , one for my wife and myself . I did a few tests and it seemed to work well ... until I called my wife while she used her headset . The sound would continually cut out , and a conversation was possible . At first I thought it must be interference because we were in the same room . So we tried it again on the road when we were over 10 miles apart , but could only get the same results . Customer support was no help at all .
 I tried to save my wife 's Samsung cellular as here charger stopped working after several years.This Charger arrived very late and when I plugged it in , I saw a faint red light on the charger , and , afer several hours the phone would not charge . I am throwing it away and have to purchase a new phone for my wife . End of story !
 So I have a SGH-D807 that I bought over ebay . And I had to actually get new parts for it . I had to get a new battery for it.And I tried hooking up the charger and it does n't work at all while the phone is on . Hopefully it just charges while the phone is off . But who knows.This product sucks . Really . They sent me a defect charger and I ca n't return it now because it 's past 30 days .
 the first time i hooked it up i though is was not going to work . I have the samsung sghd807 . sync . and when i plugged it in the phone was acting like it was trying to turn on over and over again . I left if for like 3 hours and the phone was still acting like it was trying to turn itself on . and when i unhooked the charger ... the battery was still low . it took me awhile of messing with this to figure out that the phone has to be turned off to charge . this is a inconvenience to me . so that is why i gave it one star . if you dont mind not being able to make or get calls with your samsung sync while it is charging than this would be a good on for you . . it charges like a mo fo . . otherwise i would look for a OEM Samsung Charger for a little more money . and be able to use your phone while you are charging.Hope this helps anyone looking for one of these .
 It looks nice and the color of the phone looks better but it scrachted and broke easily . The shipping was fast and the price was right .
 I bought this item to protect my new Motorola L6.First of all , it 's a cheap piece of plastic ... would break if dropped.Second , and more important , MY PHONE DOES N'T WORK WITH IT ON ! The plastic tabs on the side are were the side buttons are on the phone , preventing any usage of the entire phone.BEWARE ... DO N'T BUY !
 The plastic is too thin . Too fragile and not sturdy . Left the phone in the bag and the case was cracked without being crushed or thrown around .
 I tried to cancel the order , but they said it has been shipped . I was cancelling on October 13 , 2006 , but the package labeled that it was shipped on October 17 , 2006 . How can it be shipped 4 days after it was shipped ?
 I was surprised by all the problems I had with this headset . I talked to several people who said they can barely make out what I am saying . I was not even in a noisey environment . SO I decided to call and leave messages on my home and my work phones using the headset . The messages were barely audible . Not good.While I like the LED display , this headset often does not connect with the phone when I turn it on . Also I would be in the middle of a call with the cell phone cliped to my belt and the headset would read `` Out of Range '' and just drop the call.The fit on the Hbm500 is very poor - it fell off several times . The only thing I liked was that it can be put on either ear .
 The case is fine , but the belt clip is terrible ! When pressing the clip to put it on -LRB- or take it off -RRB- your belt , its extremely hard to open more than a tiny bit . Their old style had a metal spring design that worked well . This new design is only a piece of plastic that must be flexed . I went to the Verizon store and found a one that worked perfect for less money .
 Thes just didnt hold up well enough to be worth buying . Seemed to get caught on anything near my belt & thrown off to the ground , often breaking a chunk off the holster .
 I would love to give this product a glorious review but I am unable to . It wo n't run on Windows Pro 64-bit . Wish the manufacturer indicated that in the specs .
 This is a vehicle power charger FOR a Motorola V170 , V171 phone , but it 's not a Motorola product . More importantly , the charging tip is different from the real thing . This charger has one charging zone of 6.3 volts whereas the Motorola charger has a two zone tip that delivers 2.6 volts in one zone and 6.3 volts in the other . The socket in the V170 is made for two seperate circuits which seem to need different voltages . This charger fits into the socket , but delivers the same voltage to both circuits in the phone . Does it work ? I 'm not going to risk trying it .
 I have a Blackberry Pearl 8110 . According to the manufacturer 's box , this holster will fit by Blackberry ~ NOT ! It is such a tight squeeze , I have to lock my keyboard before cramming it in . Also , it is difficult to get my phone out of the holster . I totally DO NOT recommend this product .
 Still waiting on this product since I ordered it on January 1 2010 -LRB- 3-5 days shipping -RRB-
 The holster looks nice , seems to be well made and has a strong clip but it 's so tight that when I put the phone in it presses all the buttons on the way in causing all sorts of unwanted things to happen . I have to put the phone in upside down to keep that from happening . When I do it that way it works just fine . Weird .
 i loved the holster for three weeks then the rivets snapped off of it getting into a friends car . other than the fact it lasted three weeks i liked it
 The holster is supposed to demagnetize the keyboard so the phone stays off . Does not happen.Instead , if the phone is on before inserted , it stays on and if it is off , it is turned on by the holster , and stays on inside . It might be a design problem with Pearl as well , since the power key is very sensitive . ATT sells a similar holster -LRB- no Blackberry logo -RRB- that works great , but costs about $ 30 !!!
 This is a great price on a cheap holster . I got this same holster from my wireless dealer when I got my Blackberry . I paid $ 24 for it . The clip broke in about 6 weeks . I saw this same holster on Amazon for just a few dollars -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- , so I gave it another try . Clip broke after just 3 days of use.Lesson learned
 I gave this a 1 since I could n't give a 0 rating . First of all this phone is `` ok . '' But beware that Amazon can say one thing and the cell phone carrier -LRB- cingular in my case -RRB- can say something else . When I bought the phone I added the MEdia Basic with Unlimited Mobile to Mobile -LRB- 400 Messages
 Bought for Nokia phone . Everything plugs in perfectly . No charge whatsoever after several hours . Packaging written in terribly broken english . Costs twice as much as price of charger to return to Hong Kong for refund . I threw it away and feel bad for contributing more waste to our bulging landfill . Dont waste your time or money .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas . It would n't charge or turn on . I sent it back two weeks ago for an exchange ... yeah ... I still have n't seen it back . I 'm definitely not impressed at all .
 product arrived on time and in good shape , unfortunetly it would not accept a charge so I returned the item for a refund . the return process was very easy .
 I really regret that I bought this product . I could n't charge and sent back . Then I received another defective one . I still can not use Bluetooth . This is waste of time and money .
 When I received this product it would not accept a charge . It did not work . The company was great and returned my money immediately upon receipt of the returned product . The only bad part was the cost of shipping that you do not get reimbursed for . I would not suggest this product but if you take your chances I think the company is reputable . Good Luck . .
 Well , so far I ca n't tell you how it works , because the one that arrived does n't work . It would n't take a charge . That brings me to the charger . My previous Motorola phone and headset charger were interchangeable , that is , you could use the charger for both the phone and the headset . I assumed this would be the case in ordering another Motorola headset for my new phone . Sadly , it is not . The charger adapter plug is not a micro-USB , and only works for the headset.This is also similar to other Motorola headsets that do n't have an ear plug built into the receiver , so it sits outside the ear , instead of in the ear . This may affect your purchase.It does come with two other ear hooks , which I thought was nice .
 This was purchased and then sent back as defective at my expense . The replacement was also defective . I am now working with Motorola 's warranty department and going on a month without . To their credit , Amazon assisted in the replacement .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . Today she wanted to use it . But It would n't charge or turn on . I received it at 7 JAN 2009 . Next how can i do . I very trust Amazon before.so I will buy something on wedsite carefully in the furter !!!!!!!!
 I had a very similar clip to this one , but the seller I got it from previously no longer sold it so I ordered this one . I do n't know what genius designed this product , but it clips over the sliding portion of the phone , so you ca n't open the phone with the holster attached , basically rendering the clip useless to me because I keep my phone locked so I do n't accidentally hit any buttons when it 's clipped to my pocket . Dumb .
 Bought it in Dec 06 at the mall . Unfortunately paid like ten bucks.I used to carry it on my belt . Recently the swivel joint popped off when I was getting out of my car , and I do n't even have a pot belly.If you can afford $ 4 per two months of usage , get it . If not , pouch is probably better .
 DO NOT BUY ! This case breaks very easily . There really isnt much more to say . It is very hard to get to anything on the sides and the belt clip broke off on mine within 2 days of purchase .
 I purchased two of these items from eforcity . One was clear and one was smoke for our new LG VX8500 phones . The smoke case was slightly warped and would not even fit on the phone . The clear case was attached to my wifes phone and severely interfered with the slide action of the phone . It broke after one day and came off of the phone . The product is made from very thin , cheap plastic .
 I needed a car charger and was thrilled to find one for such a cheap price but of course , `` if it looks too good to be true , it probably is '' and in this case it unfortunately was . This charger feel apart in my hands LITERALLY the first time I connected it to my blackberry pearl . The piece that connects to the phone dissembled right away before I was ever able to use it . I definitely do not recommend this product .
 Bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective . This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . Consider yourself warned .
 This product does not charge my treo 650 . I own a votage meter and checked the output and it does , in fact , produce an electric current . However , that current is underpowered . So much so , that it will not even trigger the `` Charging '' signal on my treo 650 . This charger is worthless . I would send it back , but shipping cost more than what I was billed for the actual unit , so I guess I ca n't complain . Do not buy this product . Buy one from a reputable 3rd party . Too bad the replacement charger that Sprint sells is overpriced and falls apart .
 Got one of these for my wifes Treo 700w and the plug does not fit .
 I was looking for iGo tips for my Motorola Droid . Both the iGo and Amazon sites led me to believe that the A53 would work . Not so . This tip definitely does not work with Motorola Droid . If you are looking for a Droid Eris -LRB- HTC -RRB- compatible tip , use the recommendation for the HTC Hero - that one does work .
 this product dont work with verizon phone as advertised makes no sense to return the item it cost more to return than to purchase so you can call this one a domation of your hard earn cash .
 Wo n't work with Verizon phone-poorly listed as to what it accurately will work with-had to basically through it away as useless
 F. I wish there was another review dealing with my blackberry . In fact , why the heck did blackberry/RIM change the shape of the tip !? I have useless tips and plugs everywhere , but only one adapter that I can actually use with this Bold . Actually , it 's my company 's fault for not allowing us to use our iphones and solving my final multi-gadget problem !
 I was extremely dissapointed with this seller . It took almost 2 wks for my item to ship . Then I never got it ! It stated it was delivered on Sept 17 . I never received it . I also couldnt track down who had signed for it . I had the worse time and then when I tried to contact seller I kept getting automated emails . I paid for a product I never received . I will never do business with this seller again .
 This charger seems to work when it wants to . It does n't like to stay hooked up in the Zune and before I know it , my battery is almost dead . Other than that , it works great when it works .
 Item worked once for less than a minute and never worked again . I guess I got what I paid for . Hopefully you wont make that same mistake buying this junk . It should be taken out of circulation .
 I have gotten two of these . One after the first broke . Well , the second broke and not even from abusive activity . It just only had life of so many uses untl the wire weakened and failed . Shame . A little better quality would have everyone using these because of their good price and quick shipment .
 This charger came packaged nicely , and i figured i would give it a try . The cord is super short and within 5 uses the zune connector part literally fell apart in my hands ! There were pieces everywhere . I barely kept it working without the covering for the connector for about 2 more uses then the exposed wires snapped . :-LRB- VERY disappointed with this product . Will not buy from this company again .
 The setup is nice . Clips on to your collar , or on your shirt , the earbuds isolate sound very well , and sound quality is good . The problem is , the reception is AWFUL . If you turn your body 1/4 turn away from the transmitter , the signal drops out . I bought this for watching tv/video/dvds , along with the matching transmitter . I linked it to my cell phone , and it works well for that , but listening around the house this stinks . Drops out constantly , even if you are near the transmitter sometimes . I have used the Motorola headphones , which are a traditional form factor , over the ear type . Those are amazing , strong reception , nary a dropout , but this Sony earbud-style receiver is not very good . It just does n't deliver as promised .
 it really looks stylish and users friendly but it always fall becoz the wire is short and heavy and thick .
 Not worth the $ 8 . The stylus works great , but the plug that attaches to the earphone port broke in less than a week and then the pocket clip came off . For $ 8 it should be a lot harder to break than just normal usage for a week . I get the feeling that the rubber tip may come off in the near future , but that has n't happened yet .
 cheap quality for the price . Only lasted one month.what else can u say ? its a stylus . Overpriced product . Not worththe time ordering .
 my daughter used it for couple days and the rubber ripped off . now , we cant used these stylus anymore . I paid for nothing ! I would not recommend your product .
 I have all 4 of the channels this device is suppose to work with . It only worked on one channel 107.9 , it was very faint with static . My car stereo volume was turned completely up , and my MP3 players volume turned completely up . Not sure what the problem , but I suppose you get the value of the price you pay .
 I was not satisfied with this product at all . I paid $ 5 and I got what I paid for . The very first time I plugged in my mp3 player the sound quality was awful . My music sounded like it was coming through a walkie-talkie . there was no bass and very little treble , even after turning both up . Also , I had to crank up the sound on my car and my mp3 player . After about 2 minutes of playing around I knew I bought junk . This product did not let me enjoy the music . It 's in the trash .
 This looked like the prefect solution being so small and light weight but it turns out it does not hold the phone securely and it has fallen out and I have almost lost it . Stopped using it after the first day I got it .
 PLEASE DO NOTTTTTT BUY THISSSSS !!!!!! The phone does n't slide open with this cover on . If you still try real hard . . the cover comes off with it . . it almost spoilt my display . . pleaseeee do not buy this . . unless u hate ur phone
 I received this case less than a week ago . Because my phone is new , I 've been using it a lot , setting up all of the different features . Today , the case seemed to be getting sticky , and I discovered that the coating was disintegrating/melting and was scraping off , leaving it in a matt , tacky state . The paint has also already begun to chip off and I have n't treated it badly at all.I also have the Jet Black FlexSkin Case which I also would n't recommend - the sliding element was coming unglued from the case when it arrived and unless you know the phone button arrangement really well , you ca n't be sure you 're pressing the right buttons as you ca n't see through the black skin . Perhaps the Frosted Clear version would be better for that at least.I love the phone but I ca n't seem to find a case that will protect it and keep it easily useable . I 've yet to try the Fosmon Crystal Clear hard case - perhaps that 'll be next !
 After using it for 6 months would n't even last a day & terrible service working with Samsung to get replacement even though it was under warranty so be prepared buying because that was my solution to keep phone working.Otherwise Samsung wanted me to wait till they test old defective battery before they send replacement ever hear of anything so stupid ???
 I was so excited when i got it it looked great but with in a couple of days the coating started coming off . Then the two plastic peices that hold the top cover on broke . I was very disstaisfied with this product .
 Kyocera make the worst phone in the world . Do n't touch it , otherwise I am sure you will regret as I did . I really admire those Kyocera people who can make phones so bad .
 This phone is truly ancient and huge and NOT AT ALL THIN by todays standards . . But it is at least 3 , possibly 4 years old ! It used to be a great phone when it was introduced , but it 's huge and terrible now and not worth $ 50 , and probably worth very very little if you 're looking for a modern phone .
 this phone crashes all the time . it has trouble charging -LRB- it wo n't recognize the charge plug , even sometimes during a charge , so it wo n't actualy cahrge at all -RRB- . i have a hard time making calls taht are not in my area code -LRB- t-mobile recognized this problem ... and did nothing ... go t-mobile -RRB- . do n't waste your money . buy motorola -LRB- sometimes those work -RRB- or nokia . sony makes the worst products , be it stereos , headphones , cd players or cell phones .
 Horrible reception . Most of the time my SE T610 displays `` No Network '' or `` No Access '' inside my house . I live in the New York City Metropolitan area , not in the middle of nowhere . My partner has a Samsung R225 with T-Mobile and he usually has 1 to 3 bars . T-Mobile refuses to give me another phone model . They will only replace my phone with the same model -LRB- which they have and I still get no reception inside my house -RRB- . Poor customer service . Will go with another carrier when my contract is up in a few months -LRB- and get different phone , as well -RRB- .
 I 've had my phone for just about a year . When I initally bought it , I was excited at having a smaller phone , but realized this comes at a price . Let 's just say it 's the perfect size for the 18 month old I nanny . Everything on the phone is compact so if you are over 5 feet tall , you may find you need to adjust the phone when you are speaking and listening . The buttons are rather small and difficult to manuever if you do n't have small fingers . The sound quality is so-so . It is lightweight -LRB- this is a plus -RRB- . If you are looking to take pictures with the phone , the quality is grainy -LRB- typical of the first camera phones -RRB- . After this phone , I 've decided to go back to a flip phone because unless you remember to lock the keys you may find your phone dialing your contacts while it 's in your purse or bag . After my year with my T610 phone , I 'm looking forward to trading it in .
 I got this phone a year back , i had a Nokia earlier.I never had a problem with my Nokia.But with this one even after a year i never hear it.Mainly in crowded places etc , its never heard.The menu is difficult to Navigate and also everything needs lot of steps.Im just waiting for the year to get over so i can rid of it.I dont recomend it to anyone
 If you want a phone that looks good , then this one is for you . But if you 're looking for a good phone , this is not the one . The phone locks up every now and then . When it does , I have to turn it off , then on again to use . Also , the joystick is too sensitive , hard to click 1 and get it do what you want it to do.Volume is also too low , ca n't hardly hear it ring .2 stars for the look only .
 Phone hungs and key pad locks some times ... . Phone has more functionality but Sony ericson should invest some more money in Testing the phones.Signal strength is also poor when compared to other phones .
 the phone 's camera is not that great , dust gets on the camera lens and it is very hard to clean . the text messaging is pretty easy , it spells out the word if you want it to . although , the signal sucks , i dont get great signal unless im in the middle of no where .
 I pretty much agree with all the reviews . The phone is a great looking piece of rubbish ! My aim was to find a small , sleek , simple/contemporary looking phone . I found the look but sacrificed everything else I needed in a cell phone . As with the other reviews , I found that the phone would OFTEN lock up when ending a call or even when simply navigating the functions . The only remedy for this was to remove the battery and re start . It would also constantly ask for a time confirmation while sending messages or when activating the unlock keypad feature . Despite the locked keypad , I could also switch on the key pad , switch off the ring tone , call friends and activate the web browser , all without me knowing . The scroll device could also be so sensitive that I would end up in functions I did n't want . The camera is a gimmick . Probably added at the last minute to keep up with a camera phone market , it was only just ok to take a picture in good light , when perfectly still and reasonably close , otherwise a hand drawn sketch would be better . Other issues included a weird , high pitch squeal in my ear from time to time , too many steps needed to navigate ANY function , a poorly visable display when in sunny conditions , and the occasional call dropping . With all that said , the old fashioned ring tone option did seem to impress both friends and strangers alike .
 I 'm in Sunnyvale , CA ; where this phone -LRB- T-Mobile -RRB- has zero reception and my Sprint PCS phone has 3 of 5 bars when in the same location side-by-side . the keys are extremely difficult to use . the calendar/organizer feature is useless ; the camera is a disgrace . I returned mine . I hope you avoid the hassle .
 I 've had this phone since February 2004 , and have had nothing but problems with it . Dropped calls , spotty network , and VERY poor customer service . I have called T-Mobile on numerous occasions and it would seem that the only job of the reps is to pacify you and tell you that the service will get better . I will not , however , resubscribe with T-Mobile next year , if they do not clean up their act . I was told that I would get reception at my house . I have to walk 4 blocks away for one bar of signal . Little things like that add up . The camera , games , etc. are useless without good solid signal service , and this is where T-Mobile fails miserably .
 I owned it for 2 months now . The first time I got the phone , it jammed on me . The key pads on the phone was not to responding . When I get an incoming call , I tried to accept the call by pressing the `` yes '' button , it did n't take it . I exchanged a new phone with T-mobile , the second phone worked for 1 week . After that , it jammed on me again . Sony Ericsson T610 is definitely not a reliable phone . If one has a emergency , that would be a disaster because the phone key locks all the time . I ca n't wait till my contract ends so I can get out of this horrible phone and service . Also , signal is terrible . It does n't work in buildings at all .
 I bought the T610 predominantly due to the ` free ' deal on amazon , and secondly hoping Sony 's quality would speak for itself . -LRB- I am a Nokia person , and had to put in a lot of thought to choose a phone that wasnt a Nokia -RRB- . The phone finally arrived , quite decent to use , though i 'd still rate Nokia 's software to be more user friendly than Sony 's . There were certain functions which i had to hit quiet a few keys to get to , when simple thoughtful additions in the software would have made using the phone a little more pleasurable . Talking about software , the reason i call this phone unreliable is ` coz , the darn thing freezes !!! U dont want ur communication device to crash on u.The display is great -LRB- one of the best -RRB- , got great bluetooth capability , -LRB- especially with the Jabra Headset , which is useful , and looks cool -RRB- , and a camera -LRB- which i 've no need for -RRB- . Great features , but dependability ?? Its something akin to ` The surgery was successful , but the patient died ' kindof a thing.and as luck would have it , the crashes became more frequent after i crossed the 30 day period of purchase from amazon . so i cant return it , and the only option i have , is to either repair it , or get a refurbished one from T-Mobile . but i 've asked a few friends of mine who have purchased this very model , and who dont have a problem with it.if you dont mind the risk of gettin a faulty phone and if you dont mind the odd crashing of your phone , either while dialling a number , or while accessing the menu , and you dont mind slipping the cover out , removing the battery , and sometimes removing the SIM card , and putting 'em all back on , then you might find the phone great , else dont even touch it with a barge pole .
 It is too late for me to anything . but I hope this will benefit future buyers . BAD signal is the biggest problem . I use to have Siemens A30 phone and the signal was great . But I have to say that I do n't know whether this is because of the phone or the server . But I guess it is safe to say Sony Ericsson T610 + T-mobile is a no no .
 I switched to this phone from Sprint in an attempt to save a little money . Aside from very poor coverage this phone is just terrible . The buttons are too small and I can barely dial correctly without holding the phone 2 inches from my face . The phone works poorly in crowded or noisy situations and and those I call have difficulty understanding me when I take a call while in a car . This coupled with unintuitive menus and seeming lack of shortcuts to any basic functions . I ca n't read the screen in direct sunlight . When I put the phone in my pocket it always dials someone unless I remember to `` lock '' the phone . The camera takes poor pictures , and stores very few . Bluetooth , 90 % of people do n't need it and if you turn it on it shortens your battery life . I just want to place calls quickly and easily and put the phone back in my pocket . This phone has a tiny joystick for navigating the impossible menus . That joystick is operated by your thumb and doubles as a button . More often than not I end up pressing the joystick too hard and selecting some unwanted menu while trying to navigate at a snails pace to the contacts menu . The entire phone 's design is basically dismal . I 'm almost at the end of my contract , I 've been using this phone for nearly 10 months and I 'm going STRAIGHT back to some sort of sprint flip phone . Then I 'll be albe to 1 . open phone 2 . place call 3 . close phone . Sounds almost too good to be true .
 HiI have used this cell phone for about 10 months now - I highly recommend you guys DO N'T BUY THIS.it has cool looks and cool blue tooth technology . Its a cool toy , but a very bad cell phone . Its reception is very very poor . I had heard that T68I was bad , but I realized t610 still has the same problems.I am stuck in a contract for the rest of this year - no sure what I gon na do , but I would never buy a Sony Eric phone for a very very long time .
 I ordered two of these phones last week -LRB- for me and my wife -RRB- and i activated it yesterday and when i tried to use it , turned out both the phones were defective and would n't work . After spending hours on the phone with the customer care and tech support and going to the store in person , i 'm still not able to get it working and i 'm returning the phones to amazon .
 My husband and I purchased a Sony Ericsson T610 and a Samsung E 105 in July 2004 . We had cell phone service from Sprint PCS on a family plan and wanted to keep our existing phone numbers . We checked all the instructions on amazon.com and with T-Mobile on how to purchase individual phones , switch to a family plan , and port our numbers over . When we got the phones we were successful in porting our numbers over and were very happy with both phones . Then we got two bills - one for our phone numbers from Sprint PCS , and one from phone numbers we did n't recognize and never heard of . Apparently the phone numbers assigned to the phones from amazon.com were never cancelled when we ported the Sprint PCS phone numbers over . Repeated calls to T-Mobile customer service were not helpful - they told us stock answers like disregarding the bill , or that the billing cycle had n't caught up with the customer service computers , etc. etc. etc. . At about the 6th phone call to the company , a customer service rep was able to cancel the account and credit it so we did n't owe them any money for these phantom phone numbers . We were very excited that this was finally resolved and gave this rep 's supervisor a glowing report . Case closed ... or so we thought . We received a final bill for this account that had all sorts of adjustments but still said we owed $ 41.06 . Two more phone calls to the company came up with nothing but assurances that this would be taken care of . One rep even scheduled a follow-up call to tell me that it went through , but never actually called . Today on the answering machine was the standard recording for code 100 -LRB- which means I did n't pay the bill -RRB- . One more call this evening -LRB- October 15 , 2004 , 3 months after we purchased the phones initially -RRB- with me masquerading as SuperBitch got me assurances that this would be rectified in 2 hours . Well , I 'm not holding my breath . We like the phones and have no problem with the account that we 're supposed to be paying on . It 's the account that never should have existed that 's the issue . If you 're in a situation like we were , make absolutely sure that whatever phantom phone numbers that existed are cancelled as soon as you port your phone numbers over . Better yet , use a different phone service .
 According to a survey , more customers are ordering their cell phone and service from AMAZON.COMBut if you are one of the customers contributing to this , its a big mistake . I have ordered 2 `` cell phone + service `` s from Amazon . The first shipment took such a long time , I had to cancel it . The second one is on hold for almost 2 weeks with a message that `` Can be delayed further '' . So if you order one of the top 10 bestselling phones from Amazon now , it will take at least 3 weeks for your shipment to be delivered ... guess Amazon is waiting for seconds to re-package , huh ?
 T610 phone is useless . I took T-Mobile connection , the phone does n't pickup signal in my office , my friends has other types of phones from T-Mobile , those phones works just fine.It 's a great looking little phone with camera etc. . Unfortunately Ericsson forgot the fact that people who misled by reviews , may use this device as a phone as well . It works well were the signal is strong . Since it 's a cell phone we expect to use it as a mobile phone and will ended up by using in places where the signal is strong.Just to make it clear , we tried this phone side by side with Nokia 3595 and Motorola V66 phones . T610 simply does n't work and 3595 and V66 phones worked well . T610 not just showing zero ` bars ' , T610 DOES N'T WORK.Not sure Why Sony Ericsson is making our life difficult by selling this useless product . I have one-year contract with T-Mobile and I have to live with this scarp phone or buy a new phone . Previously I had Nokia and Samsung phones they were simply excellent . Ericsson is telling `` We have no issues that we are aware of . '' I feel like they are lying to the people who are the tragic evidence of T610 reception . We have seen other phones working with T-Mobil Service next to our cube.One thing you must understand is T610 phones have serious problems in reception . Not sure Ericsson ever tested this product or any one in Ericsson uses T610.This product is designed to make your life much difficult.Lat week I bought a Samsung R225m -LRB- which was the cheapest phone available in the T-Mobile store -RRB- . It works pretty well ! I 'm so happy that I can receive and make calls : -RRB-
 Before you buy anything from Sony Erisscon , try their `` support '' site . The Contect Us pages have been broken for months , they have extremely poor after sale processes.I would not buy another , you can choose for yourself .
 Bought a T-610 through T-Mobile with T-Mobile 's promise that it would do at least as good a job as my old Nokia at basic phone functions , plus it had a camera and could connect wit the ` net . In actuality , the T-610 is far inferior to the Nokia . It drops calls all the time . It often does n't record incoming phone numbers . It freezes up about once a day . It ca n't send or receive calls from places the Nokia could , like my office . I sent the first one back and got a replacement under warranty , but the second was worse than the first . Shoot me if I ever buy another product from this company . What an embarrassment for the grand old Sony name !
 I got this phone because it brought back -LRB- ... -RRB- net in rebates into my pocket ! `` How bad can a phone get '' , I thought.Big big mistake !!! This phone hangs all the time , the java processor is slow as hell -LRB- so basically EVERYTHING on this phone has a long lag -RRB- , the camera images are terrible , the menus are extremely non-intuitive and basically , nothing 's easy!I 've sworn off sony ericssons for life ... Motorolas it will always be !
 Well , unfortunately , I have had this service for quite a while , so I have a lot to say about it.I must accept , that when I lived in San Diego the signal was good . I moved to SanFrancisco Bay Area around 6 months ago , and got this phone . Since then , all I have from my cell service is problems . Not sure if this is more due to the new phone -LRB- Sony Ericson T610 -RRB- or to the service.First of all , it looks like T-Mobile likes to make money on you every time it can , both when you expect it and when you do not . -LRB- Well , it was like that in San Diego too -RRB- . Second thing , the signal in SFBA is not just bad , it is horrible . The service is bad too . -LRB- ... -RRB- Now about the phone . The soft that comes with it -LRB- the one that is supposed to send messages -RRB- crashes all the time on my WinXP . All the service packs are installed , so I have all reasons to believe , that it is their soft and not my system . Besides , everythign else works pretty well on my new laptop.The phone has no front cover , so if you accidentally forget to lock the keys , it will call anybody from your phone book . The worst case is when it connects to some T-Mobile internet service , because there is nobody on the other side to hang up , so you will have to pay for all the time it was online.It could be hours before you notice that . Cool phone , huh?Me personally , two months ago I got a monthly billfor -LRB- are you sitting ? -RRB- $ 426 . I was not . No warning , no anything.Just the bill . When I called them , do you think they went down a penny ? If you think `` no '' you are right . I had to pay the whole amount.Another story
 I originally liked the looks of the phone just because it looked cool . It arrived this week and I was still impressed . It is small ... light ... attractive . Then I took it outside and as soon as sunlight hits it , you ca n't see the screen . The features are clunky ... difficult to figure out basic things which i was used to with Sprint . The reception was also terrible . I was able to get 4 bars signal strength at my house , then I took it to work and got no signal . Granted I work in of all places ... a building . I then took it to the mall here in Charlottesville to check the signal there and all I received was 1-2 bars ... but the mall is an outdoor mall . I am just going to return it and hope I get better service from something other than T-Mobile .
 To call it crap is to dignify its existence . This phone gets horrible reception , misses calls ALL the time -LRB- and does n't notify you that you missed a call , even sometimes does n't log a missed call -RRB- . Now after almost a year and a half I ca n't hear anything over the static that it generates . There are phone recycling programs , but that would be cruel for me to pass on this junk . The only thing unique and useful about this phone is the infrared receiver so that I can beam my Palm contacts to the phone .
 My kids have these phones -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- . We have had to return them for replacements 5 times -LRB- total -RRB- . Two are not working cosistently - one not at all !!!
 The only two good things about this phone is that it is a tiny , beautiful machine , and the joystick is an absolute `` joy '' -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- to use . Other than that though , do not get this phone , even though you can get it for free . You can also get a refurbished Motorola V600 from ATT , and it 's been giving me less problems than this piece of junk.First off , this phone has terrible reception problems . I can barely get a signal at my home , whereas my other phones have at least two bars all the time . I could n't get a signal at the mall , which was really ridiculous . It 's not T-Mobile 's service , it 's this phone . I get better reception on my refurbished V600.Secondly , this phone crashes a lot . Granted , the V600 was problematic at first , but that has been remedied . I do n't see a recall of this lousy piece of crap , they just keep selling it like nothing is wrong with it . There is something wrong with it , which is why they 're giving it away for free . Every time I 'm chatting through Powerchat , the phone locks up in couple of minutes . I do n't know if it 's just my phone , but it 's really annoying . Also , I can not access Yahoo Messenger from the E-mail & IM menu in t-zones ; I have to go onto the Yahoo site and access Messenger from there . Really time consuming . I just wish this phone did n't have the software problems that it has . For a person who bought this phone to use all it 's features , I 'm pretty annoyed and disappointed.Lastly , I know that camera phones do n't really have good picture quality , but come on . The picture quality on this phone is absolutely terrible . It does n't even have 640x480 resolution on this camera . The highest setting is 288x352 , which is kind of disappointing , because it does n't capture the kind of detail you wish it had when sending picture messages . There 's no point in picture messaging with this phone . I sent a picture to a friend , and he could n't even see me . Can you see me now ? No.I know that some people will say that this phone is a hand-out and I should n't complain about it , but I PAID for this phone . I got it before all the discounts being offered , and it was just a waste of money . I should have stuck to Samsung . I 've never had any problems with their products . I just wished they stopped selling phones that had so many problems like this . A dissatisfied consumer.Edit - Feb. 2005After six months of use , I 'll ease a little off the animosity that I have towards this phone . A couple of issues that have popped up since then : - Am not able to download games . What ?!? You mean to tell me that `` Although your phone is capable of downloading games , your phone is not currently supported . '' Well actually , I am able to download games , just not from T-Mobile . Oh well . Get over it . - Volume is not as loud as I would like it to be . Of course , I have to give this phone credit , it 's louder than my old Samsung phone . - It can take a long time for the phone to catch up to you when you 're text messaging at times -LRB- at least when using multi-tap -RCB- I love the form factor of this phone . The menu , with the exception of the call log and saving voice messages , is very intuitive , made all the more so by the joystick . The camera is n't great , but it 's a phone , not a megapixel digital camera . But other than that , if you live in an area where T-Mobile coverage is only fair , I 'd suggest getting another phone , as this phone WILL HAVE TROUBLE PICKING UP A SIGNAL .
 I did not take the complaints about reception seriously since my house and office are both within a mile of major highways , and when my friends visited me with their t-mobile phones they got full strength signals in both places . Boy I was wrong.The signal meter was a joke - it jumps from 4 bars to 1 bar in a second while the phone sat still on a desk , then jumped back , etc. . -- and I thought it was just the meter ; but the reception is really that unreliable -- the voice quality keeps varying and while standing at a spot that I got 3 bars when the call started , it would all of sudden drop to 0 bar and actually drop the call -LRB- on one occasion I was talking to T-mobile customer service and the call dropped the moment I got through the waiting -- pretty ironic -RRB- . The phone has lots of features , but the navigation system design is very clumsy . Especially annoying is the lack of a shortcut back to the main/standby mode -LRB- the `` end '' button on most phones -RRB- . Since the buttons are so small , it is very easy to accidentally get deep in some unwanted menus ; to get out you 'll have to repeatedly press `` return '' . Such a pain.And yes , the screen is not bright enough to be viewed outdoors , and the body/lcd is always smeared with fingerprints or dusts due to the shiny , static-loving finish . -LRB- the lcd cover is also very easily scratched . -RRB- I 'd give 1 star , but the price is not too bad -LRB- of course , if either of the rebate fails to go thru , this would be a realy bad deal -RRB- .
 Well , I 've read everyone else 's reviews and I must agree that this little phone is really feature-packed . Great color screen , bluetooth , good reception , decent camera , user-friendly enough for me . BUT ... The reliability is absolutely HORRIBLE !! I 've owned the phone now for 4.5 months and I 'm TIRED of all the freezing up !! It is so frustrating ! I consider myself to be a very patient person , and if my phone had not locked up PERMANENTLY I would probably still be using it -LRB- and tolerating its freezing problems -RRB- today . Unfortunately it froze on me a few days ago and no matter what I try -- removing the battery , removing the battery and SIM card , praying , voodoo , etc -- nothing helps . I have n't tried the hard restart since it would wipe out my entire Contacts list . Instead I called T-Mobile and they will be replacing it with a phone `` of equal or greater value '' . Of course there 's no guarantee that the new phone will work with the $ 80 Jabra FreeSpeak that came -LRB- free -RRB- with the phone ! Get the Nokia 3650 instead -- it 's a very nice phone -LRB- though kinda big -RRB- and is recommended by Leo Laporte -LRB- the Tech Guy -RRB- .
 I have specific requirements and this phone fails for me . I 'm not interested in the camera or how pretty it is . When I specified what I needed I asked for a triband phone with voice activated dialing that did n't weigh half a ton.Well it 's light and it operates in most parts of the world but the voice operation has a complete mind of its own . The phone keeps operating under the voice password in the car whenever it hears any sounds with similar cadences but the actual dialing instruction commands are usually not recognised . The worst of both worlds ! Trying to make a call in hands free mode in the car could kill you if you persevered after the phone has refused to put the call through.Many of the functions connected with the `` In Car '' profile just switch themselves on and off without reference to you and while the keyboard lock does unlock in the handsfree modes it fails to re-lock itself when the phone is placed back in a bag or pocket . So the first person in my `` Phonebook '' gets frequent back pocket calls!If Nokia did a decent voice activated phone , I 'd be back with them like a shot . The Sony/Ericson partnership may yet bring forth a great phone but this is n't it and I 'm unlikely to risk buying from them again .
 Anyone new to this phone will not know that there are multiple firmware versions for the t610 . Well since I can not access that menu -LRB- the phone locks up -RRB- I can not say which version I have . However I am having LOTS of problems , poor reception quality -LRB- supposed to be impreoved with firmware -RRB- , calls are dropped when the screensaver kicks in -LRB- minute or so -RRB- , and after taking pictures the phone locks up for ... dunno I waited 30 mins before trying to turn it off and then it eventually reset .
 That summarize the whole problem . this phone freezes once a while . Poor connection . poor quality
 My T610 arrived and activated today . The handset looks cute but to my great disappointment there 's no signal in my home nor outside in the yard -LRB- well , to tell the truth , if you are lucky enough you will find a signal but blink away quickly . Believe it or not , in about 2 hours I only succeedde making one call , to my home phone ! -RRB- I did as T-mobile people told me , go out and reboot the phone . Problem was still here . As a matter of fact , my area is one of the large coverage region in my state . Can you believe this ? I do not know it is because of the phone or the T-mobile coverage . If it does not pick up signals , why do we buy it ? If you want to buy a toy that can do everything except making cell , go ahead . If not , please stay away this package.I bought a headache .
 I was in the market for a new cell phone , preferably with a new provider . After reading positive and negative reviews of this phone , I was finally swayed into purchasing this phone due to the hefty rebates offered at Amazon.After about 6 hours out of the box -LRB- four of those hours charging -RRB- , the phone 's operating system locked up , and the screen is now blacked out -LRB- probably permanently -RRB- . The phone only responds with a pleasant chime as it starts up , but sadly , nothing else.I sincerely thought that some of the negative reviews for this product were from purchasers with gripes against the manufacturer or service provider . At worst , maybe these bad reviews were isolated incidents , and I could beat the odds . However , in the end , I must sadly concede and admit that this is a terrible product and should be avoided at all costs . Hopefully , Amazon will allow me to exchange this for a different model and manufacturer .
 Got the phone last week . Found out that when I am not on the network , callers ca n't reach my voice mail ... tried it myself , and all I get is a busy signal.I had set the phone to automatic lock to avoid it turning on when in my pocket ... worked well for two days , but on the third day the top four keys along with the joystick stopped working.Called up t-mobile and they said they would send a refurbised model for exchange : -LRB- But some of my friends have this model and it works fine for them ... I am wondering if I was sent a refurbished model in the first place .
 I got a postcard from Amazon.com stating that they could not honor my mail-in rebate because my receipt date was after the promotion period -LRB- which was NOT true and my receipt was in the promotion period -RRB- . I emailed back using the Amazon.com rebate information page . All I got was the exact response stated in the postcard . No specific dates were even provided . I also faxed my receipts to a fax number provided in the email response but never got any response.I brought a cell phone from Amazon.com instead of some other websites that had lower prices because I thought Amazon.com is more reliable and will honor their rebates . I was very disappointed with Amazon.com after such experience .
 This phone has really bad reception . And it cuts in and out alot . One minute it 'll be at 4 bars , then the next minute you 'll have no service . I am getting rid of this phone .
 I sell t-mobile these phones have the highest return rate and the most terrible signal . I hate these phones !!! I will never buy another sony/ericsson phone ever again . ericsson shouldnt have merged with sony . ever since they did they are junk . Get a good camera phone like the motorola v300 or the samsung e715 . dont waste your time or money on this i swear trust me .
 I ordered this phone from Amazon on Dec 12 , and still havent received the phone -LRB- Jan 26 -RRB- . Amazon keeps delaying my order and their present shipping expectation is Feb 27 . thanks amazonadarsh adarsh
 I just called T-Mobile with complaints about my weak battery and told them talk time on the cell phone is 840min according to Amazon 's specs for the T610 phone . T-mobile told me the talk time is 5 hours -LRB- 300min -RRB- . Who do you believe ? I am tired of liars and money-gobbling b * st * rds !
 I am using this phone for the past one month . Though I read all the reviews about this phone I didnt think that Sony Ericsson could make such a bad phone . Agreed ... It has all the features compiled in it ... but what is the use of the phone if it doesnt have a good reception . -LRB- This is the worst of the phones in reception I have ever used -RRB- . People might comeback and say reception is because of the area am in , but I checked with other nokia and samsung phones -LRB- of same service provider -RRB- in the same spot.My guy was the worst.Not just that , this feature packed phone is not able to stand the load of all the features . It just hangs and the only way out is to turn off and turn on the phone . This would be the worst thing you would ever like to do when you are in the mid of a call or searching for a number.The features might look tempting . But I would seriously advise anyone to think twice before buying this piece . I was totally disappointed by the quality of the phone . -LRB- I am not writing this in a day or a week , I have used this phone for around a month -RRB- .
 The phone comes with many fancy features as documented , and it is sure deserved many many positive comments . I like to say something as a fundamental phone user.I bought the phone during the Amazon promotion and I was using Sprint-PCS and I switched to T-Mobile solely for the new phone . Before acquiring the phone/service , I read all the reviews about this phone , it seems that so many people gave 5-star positive reviews , and it was convinced that I wo n't be wrong . Truly , it comes all those cutting-edge features , but in term of its fundamental feature as a phone , I am not happy at all
 When I bought it the reception in my area and important streets in springfield were not covered , I thought it is T-mobile service.Then a friend who has an old Nokia 3310 , told me he has no problem and the coverage is very good and actually he had the erricson-sony phone but he got rid of it because it was not getting good reception ...
 The phone has all the fashion stuffs except the signal . I can not receive calls in my office building and at home . Even if I put it near the window , it also can not find network some time .
 This phone is beautiful . It 's light , it 's well designed -LRB- mostly -RRB- , it does everything I 'd like a mobile phone to do ... EXCEPT reliably make or receive calls ! Sure , it 's great if you want to play games or take pictures or listen to the many ringtones but when it comes time to actually make a call , the extraordinarily poor reception may be an issue . Yes I have actually completed a conversation on this phone but often I find that moving the phone 6 '' while talking will cause dropouts or completely lose the call . While sitting outside and completely stationary , I noticed the signal strength ranged from NO NETWORK to 5 bars -LRB- full service -RRB- . Inside _ any _ building -LRB- except the t-mobile store ... coincidence ? -RRB- the phone quickly becomes unusable . The guy in the tmobile store said , `` Yup , those do n't got good reception '' -LRB- sic -RRB- and recommended I buy an older `` reliable '' phone off of Ebay to slap my SIM into it for the remainder of my contact . . Now THAT is customer service for you!I 'm not a happy camper . I bought this piece of crap . I 'm stuck with a one year contract . Do n't you fall for it . Look elsewhere .
 I purchased this phone for its bluetooth connectivity and nice looks . It worked quite well in the beginning . There were some things I didnot like much but still it was usable.Things I like :1 -RRB- joystick . it is well thought and pretty useful to do things .2 -RRB- bluetooth , it is easy to transfer contacts , files from your cell phone to other cell phone or to your computer .3 -RRB- color screen shows pretty crisp images .4 -RRB- you can set a midi or mp3 file as ringtone . neat.things I didnot like about are :1 -RRB- ringer volume is low . I used to hear my old cell phone -LRB- nokia 3390 -RRB- ring from upstairs . You can not hear this one unless you are in the same room .2 -RRB- menu navigation could be better .3 -RRB- camera is not so good . Do n't think that you are getting a digital camera .4 -RRB- keys are small , I had hard time not the press multiple keys.finally the problems I had recently , note that none of them were present in the first 3-4 months of usage .1 -RRB- charging system is not durable , power adapter connection was made poorly . It disconnects while you are charging the phone , you came back 2-3 hours later to see your battery is still empty .2 -RRB- speaker/mic is broken after 5 months of usage . Neither you , nor the other party hear anything . I will see about the the warranty coverage .3 -RRB- pressing power button may not turn on the phone . I had to keep pressing it to get it to turn on.My final remark is to stay away from this one if you have comparable Nokia phone .
 i loved everything about this phone except for one minor detail ... nobody could hear a word i was saying ... most of my conversations consisted of '' WHAT , WHAT DID YOU SAY ... !!!! '' yikes that was awful ... I believe the internal atenna is a large design problem ... However , enough of a problem to return the pretty , picture taking masterpiece ...
 This phone is OK , but whatever you do , do n't get T-Mobile ! You can get this phone from At & t. ; I have had the worst service from them , and since they have me in a contract for 6 more months , I 'm stuck with them . As long as you have a contract with them , if you have a problem , they will basically tell you it 's your problem . As soon as the contract runs out they treat you well to get you to sign up again . Coverage in the Portland Oregon area can be poor too . Ive had three dropped calls in the past week.Be careful , they make their plans look good , but if you sign up with them you will regret it . I sure do .
 The problem with the t610 if you do the research is that it was made for europes networks . While any t-mobile rep will tell you this phone was made just for them -LRB- lie -RRB- . It is an international phone so it works on our network as well however the u.s. version works better here it 's the t616 available from at & t/Cingular . I would only recommend getting this phone if you travel to europe often , trust me it works great there !
 Contrary to what this site and T-Mobile lead me to believe , T-Mobile could not provide coverage at my home address . This did not stop Amazon.com from selling me the phone , nor T-Mobile from transferring my existing -LRB- working -RRB- AT&T number to their service -LRB- of course , this took two weeks and > 10 phone calls -RRB- . After receiving no reception , I called T-Mobile and was informed that they do not actually cover my area.I called AT&T back , and they happily attempted to restore my account , only to find that T-Mobile refused to release the numbers.After a month of essentially no coverage from anyone , my phones are happily back on AT&T where they belong.The bad news is that T-Mobile has sent me a bill for more than double the quoted monthly rate and Amazon.com has not refunded my purchase price.Even in areas where I could get coverage , the phone itself did not work well . After pressing more than a few keys , the screen would lock up and I needed to remove the battery to reset it.Last warning
 I have had enough problems to last a lifetime I guess . I moved from Sprint PCS to T mobile -LRB- thinking that their Service was good -RRB- . I think I was wrong in doing that.The Sprint service was working fine . My Sony Ericsson phone does not have any reception at all in my office & has a Lousy reception at home as well !!!!!!!!!! T Mobile sent me a replacement Phone & as well as the SIm card in the hope that their service would improve . Unfortunately -LRB- to my horror & utter dis-belief -RRB- the service is no better . The service is fine after I checked the SIm on my friend 's phone which is a NOKIA . T Mobile refuses to replace the phone with the same features ... I will have to shell a good amount of money as well ... All in all SOny Ericsson T610 is not a good one . At best I can say that it is a good one by itself . . but not for T Mobile I guess .
 The phone is ok . It 's nothing special . I have already accidently scratched the screen enough that it is hard to tell what is displayed . Especially in bright sun light . I think I need to buy a flip phone next time . As far as the service , T-Mobile is the worst . I had decent service up until about 3 weeks ago when the service dropped completely . I have permenantly lost reception and they told me it would be 6 months before my area is upgraded . Now the phone is worthless and the Customer Service department are trained to be absolutely no help . I have been told I need to contact Customer Relations to sort out the details of my contract so I am not charged the cancelation fees of $ 250 . Well Customer Relations does not have a phone number and the T-Mobile internet link I was given is worse than the Customer Service people on the phone . I am going to report them to the Better Business Bureau and probably end up eating my cancelation fee . I do n't recommend T-Mobile as a cell phone provider . I ca n't believe that any business can get away with treating their customers so badly . So , if you decide to go with T-Mobile good luck !
 This phone has bad software and also hardware . I have this phone and it reboots whenever there is less signal and I am on the call.Some time it hangs forever , you need to remove the battery to restart that . Beside this the conductors -LRB- charger and head phone -RRB- are bad after a while the phone stop charging . I complained about this to t-mobile and they have given a new phone -LRB- T610 again -RRB- and I am using this , do n't know how long I can use it . One of my friend also got this phone and his cell phone stop charging after 5 months . I am now desperate to get any Basic model of Nokia phone instead of this . T-mobile has condition where they ca n't exchange with any other model if it has crossed more than 2 weeks.This phone also does n't have good reception.The camera is not great.Ring tone is good.If you seriously looking for bluetooth , camera and infrared feature , I will suggest for Nokia 6600 . In my family plan the another phone is Nokia 6600 , it has very good reception . Beside this it has good speaker phone , ofcouse the camera is much better than T610 .
 Bluetooth is cool , but this phone freezes up , randomly shuts down , and the camera sucks . Too bad because the display is really terrific .
 Like the styling but can not stand the poor reception . I also have a Sony P900 GSM phone and it gets better reception in side by side tests . I do not recommend this phone .
 Maybe it 's just me , but this phone is the worst cell phone that I 've ever owned . The reception is poor and constantly cuts off during calls . Sometimes turning it on is an ordeal . For example , sometimes when the `` on '' button does not work I have to undo the leather case and open the battery compartment . Then I have to remove the battery and put it back in ... that is the only way it will work.The sad thing about this phone is that I bought it new from a reputable dealer -LRB- AT & T Wireless -RRB- ; what 's even sadder is that I am contracted to keep it for at least a year.The phone looks nice and all and takes decent photos I suppose for a phone , but I already have a digital camera . Why do I need one with my phone?I love Sony products to death , but when it comes to cell phones , stay away from them !
 The phone is ok - slightly poorer reception that other models but I believe that 's due to the internal antenna.The T-Mobile coverage is really abysmal , however . If you are looking at this phone , buy it but get your service from AT&T. ; At least in the 95129 zip code and surrounding areas you will get VASTLY better coverage .
 I gave this product 2 stars because of the following flaws : - -LRB- Very -RRB- short battery life - Lower than average reception - Very slow about trying to find signal after it lost it - Low res camera - Usability issues with menus - Screen scratches very easilyIt gets 2 stars and not 1 because of the following qualities : - Nice small size - Nice screenI owned the Sony Ericsson T300 and decided it was time to upgrade . I was excited about getting this phone but it 's half a year after and I wish I had n't . The battery life of this phone is very short . I have to charge it aproximately every 3 days -LRB- a friend has the same phone and has the same problem -RRB- . One of the reasons might be that it has very bad reception and may be wasting a lot of power trying to find service -LRB- I did n't have that problem with the T300 -RRB- . The camera of the T300 was able to take pictures at 640x480 -LRB- !! -RRB- , the camera of the T610 can only take a max of 320x240 . Quite disappointing.As for the menus , you can use the number keys to quickly jump to an option in the list . Unfortunately , the designers forgot to number the list ! You can either count the items and figure out the number of the item you want , at which point you may as well scroll .
 I just bought the T610 and have been disapointed so far . The charging circuit in the phone does n't work properly -LRB- never confirms that the battery is fully charged , even after 8 + hours of charging . -RRB- But more important , the phone 's reception is very poor ! I live in the Seattle area . Once in a brief while , I show all 5 bars on the display , but more often it 's only 2 or 3 , and a weak 2 or 3 at that . My wife bought the Samsung E105 at the same time . The side-by-side comparison is very interesting . Her phone shows 5 bars -LRB- and gets great reception -RRB- most of the time ; we 're both on T-Mobile . I bought the T610 primarily because I wanted Bluetooth , but it 's not worth it . My recommendation - steer clear of the T610 . If you buy it , I think you 'll be disappointed too .
 I just got this phone last week . it works fine at the first two days . but until the next week i recharge for the battery , problems appear . this phone automatically turn on and off itself . i had tried to reset the master setting and it wo n't work . finally i have to say . . this is a bad phone . . never ever try sony errisson t610 !!!
 THE PHONE IS QUITE GOOD - WHICH USES INTERNET.BUT THE DOWNSIDE IS THST THE CAMERA IS A BIT RUBBISH BECAUSE I HAVE GOT IT . THE RINGTONES ARE GOOD AND THE GAMES ARE BORNG .
 This telephone and T-Mobile 's reception in this area are the worst ever .
 Amazon sent an email stating that T-mobile denied me service . When I contacted T-Mobile they said that they had approved it . It took me a week to get this straightened out . Also , the cellphone division in Amazon was no good and at times people were downright rude.Just wanted to vent my frustration.Thanks
 The Service is very bad . They took my phone for service one more than a month back and they have not yet returned my phone . I 'm waiting for one month to receive my replacement phone.There customer support center is in Canada and the repair center is in North Carolina . And every time you call them , they say will get in touch with the North Carolina center through e-mail to know the status . This takes lot of time.I never expected this kind of a service from Sony-Ericsson . I will give -5 stars for the service
 My T610 stop responding to any key press in various scenerio like when I am done with the call or I want to press 1 for messages and so on . It does not respond to any thing ... !!!! You wait till it reboots or you manually remove Battries ... !! I have exchanged the instrument three times already with same result .
 The phone is cool , it has a ton of really neat features and it 's free with activation ... BUT ... The signal strength is so terrible here in Michigan that it is all but useless . Three of my friends have the same phone and they have the same problem . My old Samsung phone gets full signal both at home and in my office but this one bounces between 4/5 bars and 0/5 bars at both locations . It 's not that one day it will be 3/5 and 2/5 the next , within 1 second it can switch from 0 to 4 bars and back again . The signal strength bars look more like a spectrum analyzer than a strength indicator . Driving with the phone is impossible , I ca n't go more than a few miles in town before it drops the a call . Do yourself a favor and get a phone with less form and more function .
 Best alarm clock I have ever owned . Unless you live near by the tower you 'll have low signal problems . I am hating it and counting days till I can drop the service . Stick with Samsung .
 When I got this phone , it seemed to have everything I wanted
 Just like the other SE phone , the reception is bad . Also camera has delay , after you push a button , you will see a picture on the screen but that 's not the one you captured ; the one you captured will be one second delay .
 I bought 2 phones . These phones have lots of good features . UNFORTUNATELY ... Their reception is very bad . I also spoke to a friend who has inside info -- &#62; most of the returns at that dealer is because of bad reception of these phones . . Now , I am waiting to give up my phones after a year . I hope I knew this earlier .
 I was very enthusiastic about getting this phone because of the reviews , its look and the fact that it was , for all intents and purposes , free . It arrived and switching my number from Sprint was fairly easy , though required a few calls to T-Mobile to check on their progress.Navigating around the phone is fairly easy , and the display is great ... indoors . Outdoors is another story entirely . The bluetooth functionality is pretty good , too , though when used with the Jabra headset , I ca n't get more than 10-15 feet away without losing the quality.Now for the downside
 Real quickly as I 'm on hold with T Mobile right now . I 've owned this phone for 45 days and have n't used it much . Yesterday it began to freeze . I could n't use the keypad to input numbers during a call , I could n't turn it off , when I removed the battery to turn off the phone and then reinserted it , the screen asked for a password because it was locked . I never programmed that function , nor did I have a password but continually pushing buttons finally cured this problem.Now T-Mobile will send me out a refurbished phone on an exchange program . This will be interesting because I have a feeling they will just send me out a phone that someone else has returned for the same problem as mine.Not so happy with this phone because I do n't need the bells and whistles , I was just looking for a good phone with good reception and Amazon had this on their best sellers list ...
 this phone is very pretty , but it has many flaws - it crashes repeatedly , even during phone calls ... it smudges quite easily and is very prone to scratching -LRB- so make sure to buy a case too -RRB- the reception is allright -LRB- sometimes there 's an echo -RRB- - i use T-mobile , and if you look at the manual-you should get used to this phone in time . Bottom line
 As a whole I would not recommend this phone to buyers.Yes , the phone is small , `` cute '' and has nice accessibility to volume buttons and there is a cameraHowever : - the camera has poor resolution - t-mobile reception is awfulin places where other cell phones with tmobile received one or two lines , mine had no signal.after leaving some place where there was no reception and going out into open air , the phone takes upto 1.5 minutes to pick up the signal -LRB- sometimes it works if you turn it off and then on again -RRB- many times when i change time zones , the cell doesnt pick up the new time and date . - the SOFTWARE HANGS !! the software is awful - it hangs at least once every 24 hrs and often times more.that 's enough typing for now ... i would suggest you look for a better phone ...
 Under wholly normal use I 've consistently had problems with the ID card not being read by the phone , and now , at the 10 month mark , the charger contacts not consistently connecting with the phone - resulting in a phone that 's apparently been charged all night , and is still dead in the am.Taking it in for warrantee repair ... but generally , think these problems show how the phone is built to be disposable.Also having problems with the center multifunction key being not responsive ... which leaves you without alternatives for key functions .
 I have owned this T610 for almost 6 months now . Initially I was impressed by its sleek look and colorful features . But as I got acquainted with its functions , I was n't so glad anymore . This phone has serious technological flaws . It would change my time zone anytime even when I was n't traveling to a different time zone . At one time my battery would show almost half life and then within 20 mins it would give me a `` low battery alert '' - that too when I had hardly used the phone for 3 months . My voice messages would reach me after a few hours -LRB- at times next day ! -RRB- . There would be 3 signal bars and then too I would have problems listening to someone who was talking form a land line . At times the phone would just freeze -LRB- like Windows products !! -RRB- and I would have to restart the phone.I explained these problems to T-Mobile and they promptly replaced my old T610 with a new T610 . But the problems persist - esp . the battery and freezing problems.This is the first time I am using a Sony Ericsson and believe me it 's the last time too . I have used Nokia , Motorola , Samsung and LG phones earlier and I never ever had such technological problems with the phone instrument.As for T-Mobile service , its awesome . I would strongly recommend T-Mobile only if you were not to use this T610 instrument .
 When it works , it works about as well as other reviews suggest -LRB- I 've had similar experiences to the others with the `` candy '' features , small buttons , impressed with size , etc -RRB- . However , after having had this phone for around six months , I am throwing it away because it will not charge . The charger plugs into the phone as such
 This phone was unusable in most of San Francisco . For all those local to the city ... . I had no bars outside Forgein Cinema on Mission street and twenty-second street . After three weeks of poor reception missing calls from friends , family and my boss.The small store I bought my phone from gave me a stick on antenna that seemed to do nothing.I went to a T-mobile store and complained about T-mobile 's coverage area thinking it was the carrier . The sales person said the T610 was known to have poor reception . He allowed me to leave a credit card impression and check out a working floor model with my SIM chip . I have compared the reception in my apartment to the Nokia 3650 -LRB- ... -RRB- The T610 had zero to one near windows only.The Nokia had one to three bars and never dropped my call , even when I walked in my bathroom and closets.The Nokia 3650 has an ugly keypad and is much larger but it works as a phone , has speaker capabilities -LRB- Fun for making feedback noise when you are testing it ;p -RRB- AND has larger pics -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- I miss the nice effects from my T610 -LRB- negative and sepia were nice -RRB- but sometimes I forget when I can actualy use my Nokia as a phone.I have also had experiences with rude , unknowledgeable T-mobile phone support . For all those people who had the same I highly recommend talking to the sales guys at the T-mobile store . I bought my phone from a small local store and they still loaned me a phone to try and were very helpful.Thanks T-mobile ! Best of Luck !
 On the surface , this appears to be a good phone , and there 's nothing to tip you off about two major flaws in any of the reviews or documentation available .1 . You can not store multiple entries for the same 10-digit phone number ; for example , parents who live at the same house but carry different cell phones , or business contacts with the same main number and different extensions . Nor is there any provision for dialing an extension automatically after a main number . Say you deal with Tom in Marketing at 111-555-6666 ext 222 and Mary in Legal at 111-555-6666 ext 333 . Most phones will allow you to insert a non-numerical character to indicate a pause before dialing the appropriate extension . Not so with the T610 , which only allows numerical characters . Both Tom 's and Mary 's numbers would both be stored under Mary 's entry in the phone book , and you will be , as I am , carrying an additional notepad with all their extensions on it.ADDENDUM
 I got this phone from Amazon with the expectation of crash free usage . However after about 3 months of using it the phone started to act funny . It would randomly drop calls , randomly turn itself off , and randomly freeze due to just regular everday use ! The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is I can download wall papers to this phone otherwise I hate this phone with all my heart !!! I am going back to Nokia , at least I know I my phone will NOT turn off or restart in the middle of my conversation . I had gotten a replacement for this phone and the same thing is happening . This has got to be among the worst fully color phones out there . I 'm calling them again to complain because it 's garbage !
 This phone is only good for cashback . Reception is very poor . Cumbersome menus , Slow camera , Low resolution , not too good ringtones . Waiting for contract to end , definately wont buy again
 I have had this phone for about a year now . And my happiness with it has gone downhill since day one.First of all , the reception seemed to get worse and worse . Now its to the point I can not wait for my contract to end so I can get a new one . And when I talked to the t-mobile guys in the mall , they said that this phone is known to have crappy reception . Coulda used that info a year ago.Second , its way way way too quiet . Even at full volume , it will not even come near comparing any moderately new phone out there -LRB- namely the motorola V300 and V600 that my girlfriend and roommate have , respectively -RRB- . This becomes very annoying if you are n't hiding by yourself in a box where it is very quiet . But you wo n't have to worry , because you wo n't get strong enough reception to make a call anyway , whew!Minor things . The phone is easily scratched . After 11 months , 60 % of the time when I press the 6 key , it punches in two 6s which is real nice . Battery life does n't really last more than 3 days under less than average use -LRB- I use like 200 or 300 of my min a month , tops -RRB- . Camera is blah , screen is too small . Did I mention the reception is really bad ? Cuz it is.This phone was great when I had free t-zones , but T-mobile took them away from me . :--LRB- It was the only thing I was enjoying on my phone.BTW , as far as my other friends have noticed , no one has issues with T-mobile service here in East Lansing , MI.So , if I can tell anyone reading these things one thing , spring the extra few bucks for a flip phone from anyone but Sony . Seems I have gotten what I paid for . Oh well , live and learn . Hopefully the V300 treats me better
 I have this phone from past 6 months from T-Mobile , first of all usability is cumbersome , you have to click lot of buttons even for small things . next reception is very poor , my wife has Samsung E105 from T-Mobile , thatworks every where in the house and T610 does not , it will drop calls if i move from one room to other and in some rooms it will have no signal . it only shows half the signal strength of what e 105 shows in most of the places.Dont fall for the looks , its a beauty with no brains .
 There is no doubt the phone is a nice looking phone , but the phone has such poor reception that I have to use my wife 's v60 when it is an important call.I have returned the phone 4 times and I know that T-Mobiles service is good in my area -LRB- Portland-Seattle -RRB- , because my V60 works just fine . Unless you live in a large flat city and do not talk while driving , I would strongly stay away from this phone .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The good
 This phone works fine but it does not allow you to block your number on all outgoing calls . You have to click through the options to hide your number every time you call someone . This phone is for work and protecting my personal number is necessary . If I had know I had to block my number every time I used it I would have selected a different one . The first rep at T-Mobile I spoke with said I could permanently hide my number myself -LRB- which you ca n't -RRB- and the second rep said it was n't an option on the T610 . The camera is cute , but I would prefer basic tools and not fancy , unnecessary crap .
 This seems like one of the best phones around . The looks are simply superb , the screen is cool , navigation too is easy . I got this phone with Tmobile and was hoping that will get better reception than the Motorola V60g that I have now . Surprisingly , the old phone is able to receive some signal even in places where T610 loses the network.The Bluetooth option is a cool one . With a good Head Set you do n't need to press any button to make or receive calls -LRB- provided the phone receives the call -RRB- . The camera could have been better . The resolution is pathetic.The phone does not give any error message when it fails to complete a call due to loss of Signal.Other than this weak reception , and few minor glithes the phone is great .
 THIS IS THE WORST PHONE EVER . DO N'T GET TEMPTED BY THE REBATE . . THIS PHONE HANGS , DROPS CALLS , VERY SLOW INTERFACE . IT KEEPS HANGING ... I AM GOING TO RETURN IT ASAP ! -LRB- I ALSO HAVE NOKIA 3650 WHICH IS THE GREATEST PHONE I EVER HAD -RRB-
 This phone is unnecessarily complicated . The screen resolution sucks . The camera is virtually useless . Menu navigation is very cumbersome.The only good thing about this phone is , it gets you cash back . In short , I would not buy this phone again . I 'm waiting for my contract to get over so that I can get better phone .
 It is sleek and stylish and has a large screen and long batt . life , so I thought seems like a nice phone . Then I started using it . There are so many problems with this phone which result from simply poor design . Here are a couple of the more critical . The screen is useless outdoors and in the sun , forget about trying to see it , you need a hood , literally -LRB- even using your hand to shade it barely works -RRB- . The exteral side buttons are not programable , dedicated to camera and internet fuctions ONLY and they are too sensitive , so while talking you inadvertently take pictures or put it in the camera mode -LRB- and camera is poor quality -RRB- The joystick and the menu are `` cute '' but poorly implemented , the joystick is a button inaddition to the pointing device and you end up pressing the button while trying to nav . thru the icon . The icon , again are cute , but no fast way-shortcut to get to a function , and the list goes on and on.DONT BUY IT .
 I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side , I really abhor it . It looks snazzy but its a big overpriced toy that I really regret buying . I 'm seeking to replace this phone ASAP.Just how bad is this phone?This phone is SO SO bad I 'm compelled to write about it because I am that furious . This is my first and most likely last review as I do n't usually like to waste my time writing these . HOWEVER , I really wish to warn people against this phone . It is THE WORST phone I have ever owned . The battery life is very short compared to any other phone I have ever owned . My second complaint is that I lose signal very suddenly , going from having a full spectrum of reception to zilch . My third complaint is that I get dropped from calls quite frequently , once was during a job interview inquiry . My friends all have reception in areas with the same T-mobile service but different phones . I HIGHLY discourage anyone from getting this phone.There are two redeeming features about this phone , both of which are trivial compared to its many many serious problems . One is that its screen is so bright it is a good flashlight at night . The platform game is pretty entertaining and itis the only reason I would give this phone one star.Oh I also forgot to mention that the phone ring tones ascend from low volume to a greater volume over time . A very annoying feature .
 I 'm not one for paying a lot for a cell phone , and ususally that works out fine for me . The free offer phones I 've had in the past have been decent phones with good reception . This phone I actually paid for and have had major , frustrating issues with it.The phone freezes a lot , has terrible reception , and picks up a lot of background noise making it hard for people on the other end to hear what you 're saying.I definitely do not recommend this phone !
 I did n't believe the reviews for this product , and was seduced by the price . Yes , it is unbelievable . However , there is a reason this product is so heavily discounted . The phone ca n't even perform the basic functions . I am now on my fourth phone , and each of them have had similar problems ... 1 . Phone freezes during a call , when answering a call . Which means you ca n't end the call without taking the battery out .2 . My latest phone has now stopped connecting to the network , and so is completely useless.Be advised , Amazon will not exchange this phone for another one . You will be stuck with a phone that does not work . I am being forced to purchase a new phone on ebay just to use my service with T-Mobile .
 This phone has terrible reception . Forget what you hear from these people that say Sony Ericsson has a different type of signal indicator and all that crap . The simple fact is that this phone does not get a signal , or gets a weak signal , where some other phones like the V300 get a good signal . In addition , even when this phone has a signal , it still cuts in and out during calls.The microphone picks up a ton of background noise making it very difficult for people to hear you when you are anywhere with any noise in the background at all.The camera on my phone has a horizontal line going across the middle of the phone . This may be my particular phone . Besides that , the quality of the camera is very poor compared to other phones.The phone freezes up at random , requiring you to turn the phone off or take the battery out to get it to restart . T-Mobile suggested a master reset , which incidentally wipes out everything you have saved on the phone , including settings , contacts , appointments , pictures , etc. . Not convenient . Anyway , it seems to have solved the problem for the most part , only hanging once since then.I would like to point out though that T-Mobile has very , very good customer service . I have called in several times , at different times of the day , and have never had to wait on hold for more than 30 seconds . With AT&T , waiting 30 minutes to an hour is normal ! And that 's assuming the system does n't hang up on you . Also , my girlfriend has the Motorola V300 which works very well on the network.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . Get the V300 . You will thank me for it .
 I just got this phone and the talking quality is good only when you are out of the door . It 's bad to use it in a building . The technical data is also misleading . I had expected this phone to stand for about 10 days -LRB- no need to say 12 days -RRB- but it stands only 2 days and I have to recharge it . I charged my previous 3390 once per week for my usage.I got cheated again by Sony for their `` technical data '' .
 Bought this cell phone as a replacement for my year old -LRB- and bulky -RRB- Nokia 3650 . I like its compact size . I can live with most of its feature -LRB- or lack of -RRB- . Yet its signal reception compared side by side with Nokia3650 and MotoroalV300 is * poor * . The SE_t610 signal indicator fluctuates between 1-3 bars when left on a table at home . Both Nokia3650 and MotorolaV300 show steady max signal strength at the same spot , same time . My major concern is SE t610 drops call in the stairwell/elevators as it looses signal completely . Whereas Nokia3650 's signal strength drops down to 2 bars , but never drops an ongoing call.Compared to Nokia 3650/MotV300 , the camera on SE t610 is a joke . The battery life -LRB- talk time & standby time -RRB- are overly exaggerated in the specs . Also the battery charging indicator needs some work . Does not go off after phone is connected to charger for more than 12 hrs . I miss the nearly unlimited memory of Nokia 3650 -LRB- via SD -RRB- . If size & price were not a concern , I would pick a Nokia6600 or another Nokia3650 over SE t610 . Would give it a 2.5 stars .
 the freaking power cable quit working w/in a few weeks and neither t-mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $ 20 . Sony took my address and said they would , but it never showed up.Well the phone is rugged ! It 's been 3-4 years and it still works . It went through the washing machine and half the dryer . It was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes - it keeeps working.The blue tooth syncs w / my pc and tells me where to go etc. . I buy a $ 25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes . It 's been a great little phone .
 I got my T-610 cell phone about month ago . The signal was very bad either in office or at home . It lost signal very often at home . I had to go out to place a call or recieve a call . Or I had to go second floor and open the window for a while before I make a call.It was very frustrated because you could not use it when you need it .
 ... I would n't have bought this phone . I get horrible reception pretty much everywhere go when others with the same carrier but different phones do just fine . The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today . I consistently `` call '' people from my pocket if I neglect to turn the key lock on . Next time I 'll get a flip phone with a decent antenna ...
 I 'm one of those people who do n't get caught up in bells and whistles , but am a stickler for good design and practical features.I 've had the T610 's predicessor , the T68i for over a year now , and by far my biggest problem with that phone is a reception that 's poorer than other people 's T-Mobile phones I 'd compared it to . Other than this , I had minor gripes with the User Interface being slow , weak Bluetooth support and other silly design choices . Still , it was enough to make me buy it over the others.I decided to get the T610 to see if it addressed any of my issues with the T68i . The User Interface is much faster , and the display more pleasing -LRB- albeit hard to see in light , a minus -RRB- . The phone-camera is an absolute joke - very poor quality - but most of these 1st generation phone-cameras are.HOWEVER , the big problem is -LRB- and this boggled my mind -RRB- , the reception is _ consistantly_and_significantly_worse _ than the t68i , when I would compare them side by side in different places around SF . Why they would design it this way when the T68i already suffers from poor reception is beyond me . Perhaps it was designed for Europe initially , where there is much stronger and consistant GSM coverage than in the US . At any rate , it was the deal breaker for me , and I returned the phone and cancelled the contract , which T-Mobile did quickly enough , after offering me a few carrots to keep the contract.Too bad . If the reception worked well , it would be the best phone out there . Selling a lot of these in the US can only hurt T-Mobile , as people will only blame the phone 's lousy performance on them and move to another carrier . Sony Ericsson really needs to address this .
 I 'm on my second T610 . On some incoming calls , it rings once and dies . Reboots , basically . When the power comes back on , I get a blue screen with an hourglass for 15-20 seconds . Sure hope THAT call was n't important ... The first phone had , forgive the hyperbole , wretchedly pathetic reception . At the time , this was compared to my wife 's Samsung e105 -LRB- which arrived at the same time -RRB- and some of the performance was chalked up to the internal `` antenna '' of the T610 . But when the replacement -LRB- above -RRB- came back from Sony Ericsson -LRB- hereafter , SE -RRB- , it performed better than its predecessor.SE sent me a replacement because the first unit was unrepairable -LRB- their words -RRB- . The `` replacement '' was actually someone else 's phone , complete with a full address book and customized lock codes . That 's right , I was locked out of my phone . More downtime . -LRB- Did I mention that they took FIVE WEEKS to send me someone else 's phone in the first place ? Could n't even reset the damn thing for me . Just threw it in a box , apparently . -RRB- Based on two experiences with a Nokia 3390 as a loaner , as well as the aforementioned Samsung , I urge prospective customers to consider either make before SE . That is , as long as decent reception and audio quality are things you 'd be interested in.The T610 does have several good points . Clean , elegant interface , both in hardware and onscreen . Small and light . Bright , crisp display . Many tasteful ringtones included by default . -LRB- Seemingly a minor point , but those on the e105 are downright offensive , and proof that most manufacturers are targeting children . -RRB- Bluetooth technology quite simply rocks , especially in the form of a wireless headset.If I had seen any of these demonstrated beforehand , I probably would have made the same mistake again anyway -- they 're that compelling . But knowing what I know now , I would probably pony up actual funds for a Nokia 3650 . Bigger , heavier , uglier , and a profoundly retarded interface ... I would live with these shortcomings in exchange for the brand 's better engineering and quality control.Now , to send my T610 back for a THIRD TIME ...
 I was very excited when I first received this phone . I loved the solid feel and construction , metal casing , small but evenly spaced keys , good keypad backlighting , large color display , and a host of fabulous features , such as voice dialing , integrated camera , and picture ID for messages as well as incoming calls . Small and compact , it fits very nicely in the pocket of close-fitting jeans without making an uncomfortable or unsightly bulge.I was heartbroken when I realized that it had such a weak antenna that it dropped calls in some areas of downtown DC , which is unacceptable . I had to trade the phone in for a much less sexy Nokia , which , while not my dream phone , at least works as a phone.If Sony Ericsson were to get the signal strength issues sorted out on this device , I would definitely go for it . As it is , it wo n't do.PROS : - Small , compact design - Solid construction , metal case - Internal antenna - Beautiful MMS and SMS interface - Easy access to T-Zones - Built-in camera - Photo ID for incoming MMS , SMS , and voice calls - Fabulous color displayCONS : - Extremely poor radio reception - Extremely poor radio reception -LRB- oops , I repeat myself -RRB- - Display somewhat hard to see in bright daylight - Headset jack exclusive to Sony-Ericsson , which makes it difficult to replace the hands-free unit if you happen to lose it.It would be the perfect phone if it had a mini -LRB- 2.5 mm -RRB- headset jack , and signal strength as good as my new Nokia .
 Horrible phone . I 'm surprised it 's not in the East River yet . The phone has some nifty features such as Bluetooth and a camera phone . Ofcourse , it 's all useless if you can not even make or receive a call .
 I have never been so irritated with any of my previous phone except this which is one piece of a crap . Please Please Please Please do not consider this as your next phone even if they give back $ 1000 .
 do n't know anything about the phone or service , but i ordered the package from amazon on dec. 2 and it has not yet shipped . it 's the 17th today . i elected to use super saver shipping . big mistake . pay the extra 10 dollars and hope you have better luck than me .
 DO NOT use T-Mobile . The $ 35.00 activation fee is a lie , they will ask for twice as much to activate your phone when you call them . Their customer service is famously bad . Avoid at all costs
 i really feel bad that i bought this phone , please do not buy this phone . the user interface is very poor .
 I used this phone for three weeks now , I am not very happyabout it.Pros :1 . A lot of features . -LRB- BLUETooth , IRDA and so on . -RRB- 2 . Cheap -LRB- got it for $ 50 before rebate . -RRB- Cons :1 . Very difficult to take SIM card out .2 . The key pad is badly designed , sometimes the keys stuck under the face plate and cause the pone to froze .3 . Menu is difficult to use .4 . standby time is about 1/3 -LRB- or less -RRB- what Sony Ericsson stated . Other phones I used before usually get 60 % -70 % of stand by time with light usage .5 . Ring volumn is low . Vibrating -LRB- Ring -RRB- is not strong enough .6 . The phone screen get dirty easily .7 . Only 1 mb of memory avaliable -LRB- T-mobile -RRB- . The reciption signal is ok for this phone . This phone looks cool , but the quality is poor . Spend a little more for a better phone . I will not recommand this phone .
 Signals reception is very bad . Where other phone works fine , this shows 0 signals and does not work at all .
 The phone was working fine initially but now a days , it is getting hung whenever I try the voice mail option . I have to take off the battery -LRB- switch off the cell -RRB- , take off the sim card and again put it in to make the voice mail working . . Its effecting my work a lot .
 Do n't waste your time with this phone ! I could never get decent reception on this phone , even though I was clearly in the coverage area . My wife also has T-mobile service , and gets great reception in the same locations . When I called T-Mobile , the representative confirmed -LRB- unofficially -RRB- that this phone has well-known reception problems . I 'm returning this one to Amazon ASAP .
 The reason I say you could do better is that both Sony as a manufacturer and you as a consumer could do better.The phone does n't get as good of reception as most Nokia or Motorola phones -LRB- on At & t ; or Tmobile -RRB- and protective cases are both needed to cover the easily scratched/smudged screen and virtually unavailable . Same with handsfree , other than the ill fitting piece that comes with it only a bluetooth set is available adding at least another $ 60 to your bill.Sony usually means superior quality , but my girlfriends Motorola V300 was free after rebate and I 'm jealous of it 's quality over mine .
 Since 5 years I was using sprint phones with very easy and cool features . Recently I took Sony Ericsson T610 Phone -LRB- T-Mobile -RRB- and my problems started . I do n't see one good feature . I do n't know how people are surviving with T-mobile . I am thinking first time I took very bad decision with T-mobile . I 'll strongly advise that do n't buy T-mobile phones . .
 I bought this phone because Sprint uses it as the only Bluetooth compatible phone in their line of choices . We have a new Toyota Prius and it is Bluetooth enabled for hands free use in the car . I returned this phone after several days . The reasons . It is VERY difficult to read in direct sunlight . What good is a phone that has a screen that is hard to read outdoors ? The screen type , even though you can adjust the size of it in some windows , is VERY small . It is hard to read for anyone that does n't have great near vision . Mine is n't perfect , I can read a newspaper etc. without glasses , but very small things require me to use a 1.00 reading glasses , -LRB- the weakest correction available -RRB- and with my sight some of the screens were literally unreadable . Not so with my Samsung or other phones that I have had . The manual is a waste of good trees . It does n't give you more than the most basic information on the operation and set up of the phone , and for a complete description , it is necessary to go to the web for instructions . The only reason to buy this phone in my opinion would be the Bluetooth feature , and that can be found on easier to use and read phones from other companies .
 T-Mobile is the worst carrier you could ever have . It can drop your call in the middle of the conversation , and the signal is very unstable . It could vary from strong to nothing while you are holding your phone up high . I even got not error messages saying `` no socket available '' when I was trying to check my voice messages at 2 a.m. on a Saturday night . The quality of the line is so poor that you have to scream on the phone all the time and it makes you repeat something simple numerous times ! It 's so frustrating ... . I will terminate it once the contract is up . I would not sign up with them again even if they offer many free minutes because it could turn your good day into a real bad day !!! You ca n't even carry a conversation over 3 mins without the call being dropped .
 I dont get even a single bar at home -LRB- North Brunswick , NJ -RRB- . Does not work in most places . I havent been able to place a single call . I am taking it back to the Store . I think Sony put everything into this Phone except a cell phone .
 This phone has died once I started to use the bluetooth and voice dialing
 This phone is slow . The picture images are not clear . It can not store much pictures in memories . It is a small and cute phone but it has bad reception/keep on loosing signal .
 in general , I like this phone , although the buttons are a little too small and awkward to press.however , the camera is absolutely terrible . you have to have really bright lighting to get anything to come out . and i 'm not talking just bright , mid day light . i 'm talking indoor , flourescent office lighting . outdoor shots look terrible . the worst part is the color . its washed out and everything has a murky brown quality . i took a photo of a white piece of paper and it came out brownish yellow . if you want a TMobile camera phone , wait for the samsung 205 . its bound to be better .
 This phone is fine but the joystick will break and you will not be able to use the phone .
 i had this phone and it made me so mad i smashed it on a wall . very un-user friendly . only good for the camera .
 The vendor who is shipping the phone waived off the receiving party 's signature , hence FEDEX left the phone outside my apt door and it was stolen . Not once , but twice . They do n't learn from their mistakes now do they ? Its been a harrowing experience , a month since I placed my order . Would n't recommend this vendor ` CellStar ' .
 Sony-Ericson has the WORST interface for simple users . If you just want the basics , drop this phone like a hot potato .
 this phone is horrible ! I have no idea what these people are talking about ! Do n't buy it it 's a death wish !
 I bought this phone less than a month ago and even though I have been taking good care of it about 10 days ago a number of white dots appeared on the screen -LRB- pixel dots -RRB- and it is quite annoying . I am not sure why or how that happened , and when I called Sony , they said that it is considered physical damage so they will not replace it or repair it . And they will not repair it even if I paid for it , so it is not just a warranty thing . So , here I am stuck with a phone that looks horrible . So in short , Sony customer service leaves a lot to be desired .
 I give this phone 2 stars because it has great features including bluetooth , and the Iinfared port among other cool things . I 've had this phone for 2 years . Reception Sucks ! My buddy has always had better reception when standing next to each other -LRB- nokia -RRB- . And i have had the experience of poor connection wen charging , u have to jiggle it . It is also very slow at times , and had ocassions when it totally bugged out on me . Whats the point in having a cool phone with a lot of features if the reception is god awefull . I expected better from Sony . Im switching to the Nokia 3220 .
 Smart looking phone but poor in performance . - bad reception - poor audio quality - camera resolution poor - very snall keypad -LRB- if you text message a lot -RRB-
 I was highly disappointed by this phone . My primary concerns are :1 . Extrememly poor receptiona and sound quality2 . Slow response3 . Very poor image qualityI advise not to buy this at all .
 it has the most horrible service in all the land and is an upset because it breaks easliy my phone that i didnt have for half a year it broken and i cant buy a new one.but not only that it has the stupidest features ever.You cant get a good service in a basement or in a car.it studers and cancels your calls.not only that but tapes your recording after the call if you didnt press the cancel button.it has some wierd features in wrong places i would rather have a home phone that my phone.it makes you wait more than a minute for some features and dosent work right ever .
 The phone had always had small problems . Sometimes the screen would freeze for several seconds . Recently , some calls would have heavy static and I have to call the other person back . Then last night , the screen just turned blank . It only shows a white screen with no graphics . I can still receive calls and dial numbers , but without the screen I ca n't access my phone book nor see who 's calling . T-Mobile refused to exchange the phone because they said the warranty has expired . Now I have to buy a new phone .
 This phone completely froze on me after exactly a month after the warranty expired -LRB- 1 year from purchase -RRB- and now reboots regularly at intervals of 10 minutes.I called customer support at t-mobile who coul n't help in anyway except making me do a master reset and and I lost all my data.The phone still freezes and regularly reboots on me - I guess I can use it as a paperweight now.The entire time the phone actually worked the T-Mobile service sucked BIG TIMEThe only reason I 'm giving it a one star is because thats the lowest I can get.Pleaaase do n't ever buy this phone and plase do n't use T-Mobile
 The main reason I will be replacing this phone as soon as my contract is up is simple
 I have had this phone with T-Mobile plan for 6 months now . As Amazon was offering a great deal on it , I and 2 of my friends bought it together.First friend 's experience : He is happy with phone . Works great . Reception is great . He gets great singals in his house and other confined palces.My experience : Very bad signal strength . In the same room where my above mentioned friend has a great singal strength , my phone is totally out of signals . And now , the display has developed a patch . Perhaps LCD has burnt out . I called Sony for repaire . They want me to mail it to some place and I will have to be without phone for 8-10 days . They are not willing to provide a replacement.Second friend 's experienceHis phone went dead just in two days . He got a replacement . That wend deat also . He got a third phone and he has OK signal strength -LRB- not really great , not bad either -RRB- . One common problem that we all have faced is that during some operations it freezes completely and we have to reboot the phone -LRB- I guess some bug in phone OS -RRB-
 This phone is *** extremely *** bad reception . Where other T-mobile phones work , mine will not . Other than that , it 's very cool , love the Bluetooth ... BUT , I ca n't use the phone !!! It drives me nutz . It also froze on me a few times , removed the battery , put it back together , it came back up ... New firmware might fix the freezing issues , but not the extremely poor reception : -LRB-
 Why I decide to buy it?Connectivity -LRB- blotooth , IR -RRB- , synchronization with outlook , built in camera ... What I get . There is connectivity , but I can not use it to synchronies outlook with phone calendar . I should go to Sony-Ericsson WAP site to synchronies my phone with my computer ??? There is not Local synchronization option in this phone . I got built in camera , but I can not see what picture I am making during the daylight . If I decide to take picture then I can not check what picture I did . Home I can see just very , very bad pictures I got with this camera.Additionally , sometimes the phone answers the calls I am getting . Sometimes the phone dials somebody from my phonebook . Look like computer viruses attack it . Finaly batery last 3-4 days . It is not sufficint if you travel and do n't like to take charger with you.Buying this phone I got just problems.Do not buy this phone or buy it if you need additional nervousness or problems .
 I have 3 phones : nokia 6610 , motorola v60g and sony ericsson T-610 . Even with a broken antenna the V60g gives me better reception than the T 610 . I have T-mobile on all three phones , so the T 610 's poor reception could n't be because of network problems.The camera quality is pretty poor and I sorely miss the loudspeaker option that is present in the 6610 . I feel that the next phone that I 'll buy is going to be a motorola ; their phones are very intuitive to use as compared to nokia/sony ericcson.Also , before opting for T-mobile - please please please - check the network connectivity in your locality . I have been hanging out of my apartment window for too long now to try to get a signal .
 This c610 I bought from Amazon , got a great rebate on it and thought the phones was a good deal at first . I could n't have been more wrong . The phone locks up nearly daily -LRB- as in you have to remove the battery to get it to boot up and respond again -RRB- , and drops calls constantly -LRB- tmobile coverage is horrid -RRB- . I have 2 friends that have this same phone ... we all bought it together , and their exps . have been the same . T-mobile is friendly enough when you call them , but they wo n't let you out of a contract , and the 3x 's I 've called them and complained about the HORRIBLE coverage at my house , they 've responded with we are working on our coverage of that area , our computer shows you should have good coverage , please let us know if it gets better over the next few months ! BAH , what a joke . I ca n't wait until my contract ends on the 15th of this month so I can get out of this nightmare . Yes the t610 has a lot of cool features , with midi ringtones , bluetooth , camera , games - - - But the phone capability is just sickening ... I can not get very loud , it drops calls , coverage is horrible anywhere but the center of a major city , and they just lead you around in circles when you call their tech support . I honestly could not be more disatisfied in any way . I 'll not be getting a sony-ericson phone nor a t-mobile plan anytime in the next few years .
 This phone does not deserve a star , and neither does the T-Mobile service . Just because it is affordable does not mean it works . This phone needs to be charged constantly , does not ring loud enough , and the internal antenna is so small you experience a change in call quality if you walk past a tall building . Horrible phone , terrible service , yuck . The only redeeming feature was the Bluetooth , and it still did not sync correctly with Macs without additional software . Garbage . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 Six months ago I bought 5 of these phones and took out a family plan for which I am paying $ 100 + / month . In my family we have found the T610 to be less than an ideal cell phone . The most serious problem is its poor reception . Put this phone side-by-side with a Nokia and the Nokia will pull in a signal when the T610 will not . The color screen is nice , until you try and use it in sunlight - simply put , you ca n't ! The screen appears totally black in sunlight and is completely unusable . I 'll stop complaining about the phone right here , because those are the two big issues.T-Mobile 's coverage is patchy at best . Even in a region with `` excellent coverage '' like mine , there are a significant number of pockets with low or no reception . Sadly , one of those pockets just happens to be my home . We have three phones here and ca n't use them . I rang T-Mobile and told them this . They assured me they would investigate and contact me again within 36 hours - they did n't . One week later I got a postcard in the mail telling me how great the reception in my area was ... just in case I thought otherwise . I have complained about this but I do n't expect a positive outcome.The T-Mobile plans are also troublesome . They give you a WAP-enabled -LRB- web browsing -RRB- phone , they tell you that your plan has WAP access , then they do n't allow you to use WAP . The only site you can access is the T-Mobile site telling you to pay more money for WAP access . This has upset a lot of customers but T-Mobile 's attitude has been `` OK , then sue us ! '' . Some customers are doing just that.So the bottom line is that there are better cell phones out there , and T-Mobile as a service has issues that need to be weighed in any buying decision . My advice is to be very careful before jumping on this , or indeed any other cell phone deal . Ask you friends and colleagues how happy they are with their cell phone plans .
 Tried it after being VERY displeased with the T68I 's RF performance ... Figured I would give SE a second chance . . Same Issues with reception !!! TERRIBLE compared to Nokia and Samsung . . Avoid this Phone if reception and dropping calls is important to you !!! Sony Ericsson is the worse for reception I have ever used , its a shame because I liked the phones menus and features ...
 I bought this phone -LRB- T610 -RRB- 6 months ago . At first I loved it , but after a few weeks I started to notice how slow it was . Although it looks cool on the outside , there are too many problems with it concerning the price . The menus are complicated and certain processes take much longer than they should . This phone has freezed many times and is veryyy frustrating to use at times . After removing the back cover to change the camera reflector to the mirror , the battery moved , and I put it back in its correct spot . However when I turned on the phone , it says `` No access . '' Do not buy this phone unless you like being frustrated and annoyed the majority of the time using it !
 This phone is great , however T-mobile service is really bad . Lots of dropped calls , and rude customer service agents . If you can help it do not get T-mobile .
 I have had this phone for a week now and today I had to go exchange it for another one . The phone suddenly will not turn off and has a blank white screen . It wo n't do anything . The man at the T-Mobile store said the battery stopped working properly and I needed a new phone . The battery was charging all night long and then this morning the battery died . It is extremely hard to get reception . I am in a major metropolitan area in Southern California and have to try at least twice to make any calls , to find a signal , which is a weak one at best . I am very disappointed with this phone and with the fact that I will be without a cell phone for 5 days while I wait for a new one to ship from the factory . Hopefully the newer one will work better .
 When it comes to owning gadgets , this baby is a must . It can do so much - the camera is fun , the organizer is pretty good , the color screen is excellent , bluetooth has show-off swagger and connectivity and the games are a lot of fun . The downside , this is certainly not a great phone . Its signal reception is mediocre and it suffers from a weird combination
 One of the worst . Bad picture quality . Slow Operating system . tried to capture certain things from Nokia but did n't do a good job . screen freezes up frequently . and worst of all ... slow !!! also , terrible phone log system .
 Good :1 -RRB- Connectivity options , connects via bluetooth , IR , and WAP.BAD :1 -RRB- This phone is supposed to pick up what ever signal it gains , instead of telling me there is no network . I guess this phone comes with network lock and does ' t look for other carriers .2 -RRB- My old phone used to pickup the signal strongly , but this one does n't .
 The phone is worth about what you get for it , about $ 125 back ! Otherwise pay some $ $ and get a better phone . My general impression is the menu system is confusing , the buttons do not do what you would expect them to do and the signal strength is horrible . Granted , the signal strength could be due to T-Mobile in the US.I used to be with Sprint PCS and had a Samsung A500 . With all the complaints about Sprint PCS I have to admit the call quality was superb . Same with Verizon . The CDMA network has much much better call quality than GSM or other networks . I switched over to T-Mobile because I am traveling internationally now . I miss the simplicity and intuitive user interface of the Samsung A500 . It was n't prefect but so much better than most phones out there . The T610 is a bit confusing . I do n't understand why the volume buttons on the side of the phone do not change the ringer volume when it is in standby mode ? I do n't want to go through several menus to just change the ringer , why is this so hard to do?The reason for the low rating is that this phone is terrible at it 's core function , being a phone to talk with . The extras are great but I want a phone that works flawlessly and easily first . The other junk is less important . From my past experiences I 'm going to stick with Motorola or Samsung from now on.Pros : - Great LCD screen - Bluetooth - Built in camera -LRB- camera sucks but it 's better than nothing -RRB- - Get $ 125 Cash BackCons : - Terrible reception -LRB- annoying static type sounds sometimes -RRB- - Terrible user interface - Small buttons -LRB- result of brick design -RRB- . Menu and function buttons really small , why ? You use these all the time ?!!! - Battery life so so - Deisgned like an appliance , boring.You get what you pay for , and in this case the company has to pay you to take their phone .
 I was very excited to get this phone . It looks and feels great . However , the phone is extremely quiet . Try having a conversation outside where cars are whizzing passed you and you can not hear a thing . Using the Bluetooth headset renders the same problems . Also the phone will randomly crash on you and the keys stick after a few months use . I 'm in the market for a new phone .
 I should have known because of Ericsson 's past that this phone would have issues . First of all let 's start with the display ... The display is so poor that it renders the phone useless in daylight . The screen is impossible to see even with the highest contrast theme enabled . Obviously , quality control was asleep behind the wheel with this one . Second , the reception is very poor . The phone drops calls all of the time . I know it is the phone because my previous phone did not do this . DO NOT LET THE LOOKS OF THIS PHONE FOOL YOU ! If you can , get the Motorola V200 .
 Great features - except for the phone one . Seriously - Bluetooth , IR , good phone book features , nice color display -LRB- though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses -RRB- . However , I get much weaker signals -LRB- and call quality -RRB- on this phone vs. my previous one . If everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals , you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge , this is not the phone for you , unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone . : -RRB-
 T Mobile activates the phone the date in which it is ordered and therefore , you are billed for days in which you do not yet have the phone . T Mobile is aware of this and obviously takes advantage of this to overbill their customers . For each customer the amount may be small . I did n't receive my phone for a few weeks so it was larger but given the number of customers , the amount is likely to be very large .
 I purchased this phone thinking I was upgrading from the T68i and was sorely disappointed.Technically speaking the phone has1 -RRB- horrifically bad reception2 -RRB- bad voice quality on either end -- it 's hard to hear others because it picks up too much resonant noise3 -RRB- bad legibility on the screen ... that 's euphemistic ... you ca n't see anything on the screen at all when you 're outside4 -RRB- it freezes constantlyI am not the tech wiz ... I like to have a powerful phone that works well but may I assure you this is n't the one ... it 's getting returned .
 Having previously been a Nokia customer , I thought I would try something different . This is a nice looking phone - but it 's could easily have been so much better . For a customer mainly interested in using it for phoning and text messaging , this phone has an unfriendly menu . It almost seems like it is trying to make it difficult for you . Several features such as editing a contact or writing a text message can only be done if the menus are accessed from a certain way - for example , I can not select someone from the address book and then choose to write them a message !! Why should I have to write the message first or reply to a previous message?I have also found on several occasions , that when I try answering a call when the keypad is locked , it diverts it to the answering machine . In the end it costs me since I then have to phone the person back . For the times you occasionally forget to lock the phone , the WAP button -LRB- a feature I never use -RRB- is conveniently the only feature that starts with the press of a single button - so it goes online while in your pocket.The photo quality is very poor - it might as well not have a camera . I uploaded a photo onto the phone so that I could have a decent background . Even if you do like photos - you can not store very many -LRB- about 20 or 30 -RRB- . Annoyingly Sony Ericcson decided not to let you delete some of the pictures that came with the phone to free up space for more photos.Oh it does have one good feature - the quality of the reception . Admittedly this is important in a phone , but I expect most phones nowadays have good reception.Roll on October when my contract expires ...
 POSITIVES : SMALL SIZEBLUE TOOTHCOOL LOOKINGNEGATIVES : PHOTO QUALITY MAKES THE CAMERA USELESSRECEPTION IS MUCH , MUCH POORER THAN THE MOTOROLA V300 AND THE NOKIA 6610NOT VERY COMFORTABLE AGAINST THE EARNO SPEAKER PHONEFRONT SMUDGES EVERY TIME IT IS USEDBUTTONS ARE OF POOR QUALITYI RETURNED THE PHONE TO AMAZON BECAUSE OF THE PREVIOUS MENTIONED .
 I bought this phone in march . The thing is this phone has nice features but either t mobile service is bad or the phone sensors are weak as reception is bad . I called up T mobile several times and they said that they will take a look at the reception and put new towers if required . They did not live to their word as expected . I am thinking to file a lawsuit against t mobile to have such a bad reception and not living up to their word . The thing is the phone works well when i am outdoors but does not work well in indoors . So try other phones . I know ATT phone works well in my house since I had one before .
 Had this phone before switching to the Motorola V300 . The reception on this one was extremely poor . Where my Moto shows 5 green bars now , the Ericsson would show a 2 or 3 amber bars . Initially , thought it was just T-Mobile coverage but that does n't appear to be the case .
 I have had this phone for around 3 months so far . I really love the appearance of the phone but it is very diffacult to do some things on it . For example , it is hard to text message compared to other phones . You have to click the numbe rof the letter yiou want and then choose the lettrer and hten press ok for each letter instead of clicking or doubleclicking th emumber of the lette ryou want . Another thing was that it is perhaps too small ... that i always would lose it in my purse . But the camera works ok , I might add the nokiA 3650 WORKS MUCH BETTER AND HAS A VIDEO SURVICE AS WELL . . -RRB- My dughter has the Nokia 3650 and it has much better fixes and easier to text . It also takes pictures much clearer and has a better screen even thou it is big . I wished I had choosen that phone .
 Bought this phone less than a month ago . It does not have a very strong signal reception even when within 100 yards of cell tower . Do not buy . Sony also has bad customer service when I called them .
 Pros : - Jack of all trades , master of none.Cons : - Phone crashes and hangs . Only way to restart is by removing the battery - Screen resolution is poor . Barely visible in sunlight - Horrible reception - I went through 3 phones and finally gave upNokia 6600 is where you should be spending your money .
 The phone is great -- IF you like using proprietary headsets ! Do n't buy this phone unless you enjoy using a crappy headset , as namebrand headsets will not work with it .
 I continue to be impressed with the multitude of features this phone has . Everything from its chip memory to recording conversations to text , email , picture messages and so on and so forth . It does maybe one hundred things and not one of them it does well . The features I have used include pictures , contact management , emailing , and text . I have not had the opportunity to use the Bluetooth features . The camera takes grainy pics that look horrible even when there is enough ambient light . Perhaps on the surface of the sun there is enough light to take an adequate picture . Absolutely forget about taking pics indoors ; even with the `` night mode '' turned on.My primary complaint however is that it uses contactors on the bottom to attach the headset in lieu of the standard headphone plug . I prefer talking on a headset because the phone itself is too small to talk into and gets uncomfortable in a hurry holding it . I also appreciate having my hands free while on the phone especially while driving . These contactors often get dirty which mean they do n't make contact and fail . This leaves you wiggling the wires yelling `` Hello ? Hello ? '' and blowing on the bottom of the phone like you would for your old 8-bit Nintendo system until you are fed up enough to simply pull it . I could easily solve this problem I suppose by buying a Bluetooth earpiece . Yes , all it would take is a $ 90 earpiece to fix a phone that cost me $ 99 . The same applies to a charger where the two copper strips are to make contact , it rarely does . You may think your phone is charging all night but has really sat idle . The view screen although nice and pretty to look at is useless in brightly lit areas . The screen simply is n't bright enough to read on a sunny day . The network is n't developed well enough in S Florida to handle the new , what 's it called GMS network.There certainly is a lot of sizzle to this steak . Primarily it is a cell phone . As a cell phone , its terrible . I expect this phone to be a terrible day planner . This phone will do anything you could ever want a cell phone to do as long as one of those things is n't talking to other people .
 I bought this phone about a month ago and kind of liked it for a while . Then I noticed a lot of problems . The phone 's camera is not good at all . I wanted to take a picture and had to use a lot of lights so the picture would look kind of good . When the picture is taken it looks pixelated . I mean you can see it in little squares . The pictures also take a lot of time to be taken . You press the capture button and then on the screen appears the message
 The reception on this phone , compared to the Samsung X105 is weak . My son has the X105 and I stood holding both at many lacations and his would showalmost all bars while mine , on many occasions would show 1 or none . Unfortunately , Samsung does not make a Bluetooth phone ; with iSync on a Mac , Blue tooth is beautiully easy to sync your address book and calendar . I will dump the 610 as soon as Samsung make a Bluetooth
 Got this phone for about 6 months , and overall it is ok , not as user friendly as Nokia , but get used to it . One bad thing is this phone will freeze itself . Try to exchange with another phone , but T-Mobile exchange program only give a refurbished one , not a new one , and after exchange , only have limited warranty .
 My wife and I both have this phone , and while it is an acceptible gizmo with plenty of features , after over a year , I still hate the UI compared to Nokia . Maybe subjective , but I have to hit waaay too many buttons to get things done.The joystick has gone wonky on both of our phones , I 'm guessing this is not uncommon.Not enough space to store more than a couple of poor quality photos .
 I had lots of issues with this phone . There were bugs in the phone and lost of dropped calls . The pictures were so small to be near worthless . I ended up ditching the phone due to the troubles with it . I am not recommending it .
 I 've had the T610 for almost a year and it has low reception quality compared to other phones of the same service provider and had enormous problems with static during calls . If it were n't for these two problems , the phone is mediocre at best . The features of the phone are great
 I bought this phone without service plan -LRB- 249.99 $ -RRB- . I come every year to Hawaii to see my parents but i live in Tahiti French Polynesia . When i came back to Tahiti , my local sim card could not be read . So now , i have a phone that works only with T-mobile who is not represented here . I can not have my phone unlocked
 I used to own a nokia 3650 . That phone was great . . Had all of the toys and more . That phone was stolen . Now I have purchased the Ericsson T610 . I am very unhappy with it . When I bought this , i was looking for all of the pluses like a camera , and bluetooth , infrared , etc. . I was very disappointed going from my nokia . In comparison , the resolution on this screen is horrible , the screen is small , and the camera takes lousy pictures , and the battery isnt as long as expected , expecially when bluetooth is enabled . Overall , if you are looking for a toy , get something else . I highly recommend the nokia 3650 . If you just need a phone to be a phone , get one of the freebies ... I wouldnt recommend this phone though . Also the charger is horrible . It feels like it isnt in , and after using it about a week , its incredibly loose and loses the connection if you set it down the wrong direction .
 When the phone came it did n't recognize the SIM card . I called t-mobile , one woman told me the SIM card was locked and that they need to file a form to request the unlock code . I needed to wait for 24 hours to get it . She did n't know why it was locked!The next day I received an email saying that I am not eligible to have the unlock code yet because any account should be activated 90 days before they can have an unlocked code ! How rediculous this sounds ! I called them again , a man told me he had to file another form , basically just another request for the unlock code and a waive for the 90 day period . I needed to wait for another 24 hours . I asked if I can go to a local store and have it checked , he told me NO!The day after that I received another email , which was exactly the same as what I 've got the last time ! Not a sigle word was different . I called them the third time , a woman finally said `` sorry '' to me , and said I can go to a local store and have a new SIM card.Finally the phone worked after I got to the local store . Then a week after I used it , the phone died out of nothing . It was sitting on the table when I picked it up and found it was not responding to anything . I called t-mobile again , a guy did n't say sorry or anything , he said they will mail me another one within 5 days . He was about to say good-bye before I asked him `` so I have no phone to use before I get the new '' , he said oh , you can go to a local store and have a loan phone or something . The guy sounded like a dead person talking I was so sick of listening to him.Well , now I am waiting . I hope you good luck on this phone and T mobile . They all made me so sick .
 This is literally one of the worst piece of junk cell phone i ever owned . I am a big fan of Samsung and any low end samsung beats this phone clean . Whats the use of having Bluetooth and ir and a cam phone if it cant pic up a signal . I thought it was my serviece provider T-Mobile who had a problem but when i changed the sim to a nokia i got 3 bars and none on this piece of junk .
 The phone is slow , and the keybooard is too responsive . Sometimes I press one number and it is dialed twice . When I answer calls usually they are put on hold . I wont buy any other sony ericsson product ever . At least mobile phones . Also , sometimes the home charger does not charge my mobile . It is really bad .
 It is a bad phone when it comes to performance . I had many phones -LRB- GSM and non-GSM ; USA and abroad -RRB- in the past and this one rates lowest in performance.Signal reception is bad . I always hear some strange electronic flash noises . I was once told by a mobile phone company representative that this phone is not high on performance . I tested this phone along with some other brands from same phone provider -LRB- T-mobile -RRB- from two different locations -LRB- work and home -RRB- . This one failed with a poor grade.Only feature I liked is the ability to sync contacts on this phone and Outlook contacts on laptop , wireless.No wonder they give $ 150.00 back on this phone . Looks like even phone maker wants to get rid of this from their warehouse !!!
 Let me first address experiance with T-mobile . I had a really bad experiance with T-mobile their service is really really bad and I guess thats why they are giving highest number of minuttes and best phones , which are actually useless as u wont get any reception most of the time and when I tried to replace within 30 day trial period they are asking for full month payment ?? Lets get to the phone.The outer looking of this phone is very good big screen and crisp image , good camera , good ring tones and even u can create your own tunes.But if you are using this `` gadget '' as a `` phone '' it is bad idea to buy this one.Take Verizon instead of T-mobile . I have LG VX4500 with Verizon great service great phone works everywhere.I went to Carmel , CA none of my friend 's cell phones were working except mine .
 If the system let me rate this as a ' 0 ' I would . I have had 5 phones over 9 years . I worked for AT&T Wireless . This is by far the worst phone I have ever had . It turns it self off for no reason , dials 911 and leaves no trace of the call in the call log . It is impossible to read the screen outdoors . If you read a message -LRB- page -RRB- and leave the message reading screen up you will not get notified when you receive another message until you leave that screen . Auto key lock does not always work.Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this phone .
 This is my first sony experiance . I am really disappointed by the product T610 . This product is a junk , detoriating day by day.The reception is very poor in this phone though the call quality is good when connected . The major problem I face with this phone is it freezes often for no reason.Pros :1 . Bluetooth2 . Good looking and good screen resolutionCons :1 . Highly unreliable phone . Within the period of 3-4 weeks it freezed on me for more than 10 times .2 . Poor reception on my phone where other tmobile phones like V300 work pretty good .3 . Battery does n't perform as mentioned . The standby time for my t610 is not more than 48 hrs .4 . Poor interface .5 . Easily smudges and screen gets scratched very easily.Don ' t get decieved by it 's looks .
 I can only speak about Cincinnati , Ohio where the reception driving around is shockingly bad , 4 bars to 1 bar in a second , or even 3 to 0 bars is n't exactly working for me . I can look down a the phone and get 3 bars then put the phone up to my ear and get NO reception . I have version RS1 of the software and I have heard getting it upgraded will help , we 'll see . Old Nokia is the same area worked fine.Rest the of the functionality is awesome , I 'm just praying I can impove the reception .
 More functions , but weak signals , no work at the half-basement . Why ? Phone or T-Mobile .
 After a month of use on this phone I have enough input to rate it . I am on the T-mobile network . I have owned Nokia 5160 , 6162 , and 8265 . First the positives : -RRB- 1 . Very stylish2 . Camera function3 . Attaches pictures to call contacts4 . Decent graphics and colors5 . Blue tooth6 . Black Jack game - sonyericsson.com7 . Good polyphonic sound8 . Reliable - Has n't crashed or got stuck9 . Small - not a bother to carry aroundNegatives : -LRB- 1 . Piss poor reception at times , my other phone got better reception - May be t-mobile2 . The novelty of a camera on a phone has worn off and the pictures are fuzzier than a truck driver 's back .3 . Battery easily drained - 48 hours without charging and you 're dead . . er it 's dead4 . Slow loading t-zones5 . Not user friendly6 . Takes a long time to do anything esp . write sms7 . Calculator is limited8 . Buttons are so close together it strains your fingers and you will make many keypad mistakes - Also hard to write messages9 . Scrolls slowly ; hard to go through call contacts and does n't go to second letter in contact list10 . Hard to hold in your hand esp . with long calls - small11 . Scratches easily and the screen gets so dirtyHope this helps . That 's all I can think about right now . I am used to Nokia but the idea of a camera phone made me curious and the 3650 was too large . Nokia 6600 camera phone with camera will be out soon . I 'd give it 2.5 stars right in the middle but there was none , so I went down . Do n't buy this novelty phone if you log a lot of minutes !
 I have had this phone for 14 days and I 'm already fed up with it . I 'm a gadget person , I love the bluetooth feature about this phone and the fact that I can just play something with my keyboard and drop it in the phone 's `` sounds '' folder and vola , I have a new ringtone.Here is the problem , you ca n't use it with phone cards , basically you cant punch in too many numbers without it slowing down too much to the useless point . Say you need to check your bank account . You call the toll free , you start punching your 16 digit number . You comlete the 16 digits but the phone is not ! Halfway through , your bank systems responds `` that is an invalid card number '' and quickly shuts up to wait because your phone is still sending the last 3 remaining digits to your bank . Basically you ca n't use it with phone cards sine you need to dial a 12 digit or so phone card PIN number , then dial your destination which in my case is 15 digits so the phone completely stops.The phone freezes for no reason . The black buttons froze on me tonight and even removing the battery did not work . All the other buttons were working thought but useless . I could n't turn the phone off using the button either.I am actually on hold on the Amazon 's secret -LRB- 800 -RRB- number which T-Mobile ended up giving it to me . I could n't find it on amazon.com . I have been on hold for 15 minutes already .
 This phone looks really slick on the surface , in reality it is a rare piece of garbage . I had two of these phones for the last year or so and I ca n't wait for my contract to be over to throw this thing away and far . My biggest problem is that the phone freezes constantly . The only way to bring it back to life is to remove the battery . Sometimes it happens when phone is ringing , so you have no way to answer the call , although you see who is calling . The screen is unusable in daylight . The camera feature is embarrassing -LRB- they might have as well not included it -RRB- , the quality of pictures in extremely poor .
 I have a T-mobile service in Miami , but I used it all over the east coast . The reception is pretty bad everywhere , a lot of noise , the sound is not clear also I have lot of dropped calls . When I called customer service they say we can not guarantee service in all the areas , even in those painted as covered in the national coverage map . In some places I had no signal whatsoever but my friend who has the same service with a Nokia phone had three bars . In addition to that the preloaded games are boring like the `` colorbug '' and T-mobile does n't have downloadable games for this phone . The camera is really bad , low resolution , no zoom and useless with poor light . The internal memory is small and you have to erase pictures all the time . If you have big fingers just forget it , it will be a nightmare to dial . The screen is pretty clear and bright , but that 's it ...
 I 've been a T610 owner for about 4 months . The phone has a sleek design , decent camera functionality , and well , I 'll skip all the details you could get from an ad . Let 's cut to the chase . The T610 is a horrible phone . A common problem among many T610 owners , is that the phone freezes for no apparent reason . You can not turn it off , half the buttons malfunction , and you are left with removing and reinserting the batter more than a couple of times . This has happened nearly 5 times in 4 months . My sister can attest to the same problem.Here are more annoyances . You can not disable Increasing Ring . The phone will occasionally fail to charge . Loading themes are slow . My final gripe is that the power button might be too difficult to reach.I think the T610 is a mediocre phone . Oh , I forgot to mention bad reception . Replacing my old Nokia 8290 with this phone was a bad idea .
 I have been a T-Mobile subscriber for a couple of years . I recently got this phone and compared to my older Samsung S105 , this phone has a horrible reception . Also , a lot of times you just lose the network and have to manually select the network.A phone 's main functionality is talking . There 's no use in packing all the functionality if you can not talk/hear clearly .
 The phone has reaal bad reception.This phone does not work where my t68i works . . I had to call up t-mobile and exchange it for a nokia 6610 .
 Though , I really have good credit , T-Mobile declined my orders due to credit issues . My credit score is 700 + . I called them up and they said I need higher credit to qualify for this offer.However , you can order the same phone/service from T-mobile website or anyother dealer but not amazon.com . How stupid is that ? I qualify for one and not for others.I am very disappointed with the fact the Amazon does n't mention this anywhere in this offer.Just beware before jumping in for this one ...
 T-mobile customer service is bad . they will charge your bill and refuse to investigate the documents . i had to report them to fcc
 it looks great , but ... just do n't buy it . . it 's not worth it , with all the trouble u 'll have later.A piece of chunk
 Other than the bluetooth -LRB- which is wonderful -RRB- , this thing is a major pain . Batter runs down fast ; keys are too small ; menus are convoluted ; reception stinks.The camera is ok , but not at all essential ... as is the color screen .
 Amazon does not allow you to port the number from an existing cell phone to this cell phone unless you pay them $ 250.00 when you buy Cingular service . Cingular will happily transfer your existing number to a new phone for free if you buy a cell phone from them . I would advise anybody with an existing number to buy a phone from Cingular or another retailer and not Amazon .
 Lovely leather in a comfortable case . Too bad the clip design is so bad . My original lasted 3 weeks . I bought a replacement and it lasted just 2 -LRB- and the clip broke in 2 different places ! -RRB- . Now I carry the case around in my pocket.If anyone has a suggestion for a holster that actually works -LRB- and puts the Blackberry to sleep -RRB- , I 'd love to hear it .
 We have replaced many of these holsters because the clip breaks off from the holster . A larger metal -LRB- not plastic -RRB- connector should be used .
 This case is good for one thing and that is breaking . This was my third case and on all 3 the clip broke with a month or two of use . Do n't waste your money or your time .
 Like a couple of the previous reviewers , the clip on my original case broke within a month or two of normal use too . Luckily I was sitting on the train when it snapped rather than walking down the street , so no damage was done to the BlackBerry.The case works fine otherwise , but now it 's carried in my coat pocket or in my messenger bag . I would n't buy another one of this design now that I see that the clip seems to be a common weakness .
 Though the case says it is for the 8800 series , the case is actually too tight . When you put the blackberry in , it goes on because of the tightness . I purchased one from directly from Blackberry -LRB- though it was triple the price -RRB- and it fit well .
 So I had one of these for my pearl for almost two years , it was great . Something has changed in the manufacturing process though and now its just junk . First one broke in 3 days the pin that holds the clip in just broke . Returned it and ordered another assuming it was a defect and I would n't have the issue again , well I did . The second one lasted 5 days . Ill be sending it back on Monday . Very sad since this is a very functional case . I lucked out the first one fell on carpet at work so no damage , second one in the parking lot on concrete but luckily it hit just right and did n't scratch the phone .
 How is this holster rating an average of four stars ? I would give it zero if possible . My first one lasted about two months before the clip broke off , the second one lasted ONE WEEK ! Using a thin plastic post to hold the clip on is a very poor design , and not what I would expect from Blackberry .
 This Blackberry holster for my 8800 was great as long as it lasted - 30 days , 1/12th the time it took for the same style holster that came with the phone to break . Both broke under minor side pressure against them . Giving up on this design . Too easy to lose phone with this holster !
 You would think I had learned my leason by now . This is the third holster I 've purchased and all met the same fate . Poor construction and flimsy design caused each to crack at the belt clip rendering this product useless .
 The pin that hold the clip on is extremely weak . I barely bumped the holster against something and the clip broke off . There is a small amount of glue holding the pin together . Find a better clip .
 Purchased 3 of the cases , knowing that the clips break easily . Disappointed that shipping from MyNetDeals is a ripoff . 3 holsters in one bubblewrap package sent via first class mail , but was charged postage costing more than the holsters themselves . What a ripoff . If they paid $ 2 in shipping I 'm surprised . Clips break easily , but for $ 4 you get what you pay for .
 I bought this swivel case , it broke after less than three weeks , then I got the replacement , it broke after less than two weeks . the problem is if you keep it swivelled 90 degrees , it does not have the support that is does at 0 . Too much stress is allowed on the main pin in the swivel which is plastic . I work in an office , and take care of my stuff . Do n't buy it if you plan to keep it anywhere other than 0 degrees -LRB- which digs into your side pretty well -RRB- .
 I get in and out of cars and planes a lot and broken clips are the fate I must live with . Taking it off the belt when sitting down seems to be the method to keep the clip from breaking when I remember to do this . I ordered a rubber case along with this new one so I can chose a pocket carry option . Clipping the thing to my briefcase seems to work for getting in and out of the car . Like the others I agree the clip is junk , but it is plastic so I ca n't expect it to take my 6 foot frame bending the thing over when I 'm getting in a car .
 I ended up going through three of these holsters before I gave up and started carrying my Blackberry in my pocket -LRB- before I switched to my Android -RRB- . The problem I kept having was that the clip would break off . Each time it broke off clean at the rotating joint . This was very troubling because the phone would just quietly fall off my hip and land on the floor . If I had been in a busy or loud location , the phone would have been most likely lost.I have to add that I do not abuse these . Actually , I work in an office and wear a suit all day so there really is no physical labor or stress on this holster . It simply fails after a couple of months of use . After my experience , I would not trust my phone and all the information on it with this holster.Overall , this is a great idea that is poorly designed and manufactured.-Cheers
 Original case that was ordered on March 24 , 2011 was not the correct size ; thus my phone could not fit in the holster and the magnetic flap that holds phone in place was distorted and would not fasten properly . I sent that case back , then the second case that was sent to me from this company looked like the same exact case that they sent to me the first time and then to boot the clip that holds case to belt broke only after a couple uses.I then expressed to the company that maybe they may have a quality control issue with their supplier . Only because I have order several of these type of case from amazon and never had a problem , never ! Until now with this company.Also after not being satisfied with my purchase for a second time I request a refund on April 28 , 2011 from and order that was placed on April 20 , 2011 and I have yet to receive one.Disgruntled Customer
 I bought this case and within a month I had to order another one , which did n't last very long either.The problem is the clip keeps breaking off , I had three in total and they all broke the same way .
 I bought 4 of these and the clip broke on one of them within hours .
 This battery was worse than the one I was replacing ! It would not take a charge . Ended up buying another at a local battery store .
 The last items I purchased from Amazon.com were cell phone batteries . The first battery I installed and it worked so poorly that the battery it replaced which was relatively useless in fact worked better than the replacement battery I purchased from Amazon.com . It appears I was scammed by nakpak from Brooklyn , New York in that one of the batteries I purchased was in fact a used worthless battery.Frankly there are other options out there for me in purchasing products.In the future Amazon.com will not be one of my options .
 The soft phone concept is cool but to use this headset you have to make it your default audio device for mic and speakers . This means your regular speakers ca n't be used at the same time and switching involves control panel , sounds , reset default , etc. you 're not going to have time to do this when a call is coming in . If you leave your speakers as default -LRB- cuz you spent a lot of money on them and love to use them for music , etc. -RRB- you can still use this device as the mic only ... . but then your callers hear themselves talking with you . Platronics tech support says you can adjust the volumes to minimize this but the end result is never business quality . So ... . unless you are ready to give up use of your speakers this item is a piece of crap !
 With a name like Plantronics I expected a lot better quality out of this product . Using the headset between my computer and my cell phone was no smoothe transition , and required a lot of `` tweaking '' to get it work when transitioning . The voice quality was poor , and callers would complain they could not hear me at times . There was a constant crackling noise in the audio . The unit was lightweight and sometimes I would forget it was on my ear . I wish it was as functional as it looks , but I had to return it .
 Does n't work well with Dragon Speaking . Does n't work well with my cell phone as it was n't a good match .
 Clearly does not work as advertised for computer functionality . Its signal is very very low and not good enough for speach reckognition with products like Dragon.If this is why you are purchasing dont waist your time . It fails all the Dragon 10 and 9 signal and volume tests . And yes I did adjust volume controlls and waist 2 hours trouble shooting the settings . Its the device not the user ...
 I purchased this device for use with my PC and skype . Even though I paid over $ 100 , the sound was not that good and the range was somewhat of a letdown . It did , however , fit my ear well and was comfortable . Despite this , I had to send it back .
 My cell phone experience was horrible . Prior to purchasing the cell phone I emailed the seller to find out the condition of the phone and if it was a SPRINT phone . The seller assured me that the phone was in excellent condition so , but he never told me the phone was not a cell phone , so I purchased the phone . Once I received the cell phone immidately , I noticed that the phone was a VERIZON phone . I then proceeded to charge the phone up and then a name appeared on it . I really would 've thought the seller would 've removed the name , numbers etc. , of the previous owner . I still had faith in the seller and I thought Sprint could program this cell phone even though it was a VERIZON phone . After speaking directly to a SPRINT customer service rep , there was no way for them to program this phone . So , my only alternative was a REFUND . The seller offered to sell me another SPRINT phone but at a higher price . My experience was so horrible that I told him I would ship the phone to him and I expect a REFUND .
 If you have a RIZR Z3 , do not get this product . It does not fit , does not charge the phone and is not approved by motorola .
 The USB cable is not authorized by Motorola . It will not charge your phone .
 I needed a replacement charger for my Nokia 6205 phone . I bought this charger because I did not want to spend $ 20-40 in person to get a charger and because I did not believe any store would have the charger as the phone has long been discontinued . I also figured I could wait a week before I needed to have my phone back . When I saw a charger at the price I thought chargers should be -LRB- about $ 4 including shipping -RRB- I decided to get the charger . As soon as I got it , I plugged in my phone and it takes a second but starts to boot up and says phone charging . It also has a red light on the charger that is glowing so I left the phone for a couple of hours to charge and went out . When I came back the phone had not charged at all . I unplugged it and replugged it to no avail . Eventually it started to charge a bit but then stopped within 2 minutes every time it started.TL ; DR versionIt does not work . Save yourself a weeks frustration/lack of phone and get a legitimate charger from RadioShack .
 The case I received is not the one pictured here , although it is the same product name and number . The case I received is a single piece , clear plastic cover . It does not have a flip over piece , as is shown here . It 's very difficult to use as the buttons are inacessible through the plastic , meaning you have to take it out each time to use it.The vendor should show the actual item , not a completely different one .
 This item was a disappointment . It appeared to be high quality in look and feel , but failed within a year .
 Never worked in my car . The cord comming out of the unit had a loose connection on the inside . You may need to push very hard to push inside the sockets . There is nothing so great about this OEM charger .
 What a ripoff . I thought I was getting a good deal , but I guess you really do `` get what you pay for . '' This charger has never worked properly . Every time I 've tried it in my car , it shuts the phone down and then powers it back on over and over ... and it does n't charge the phone ! Do n't order this from this particular seller . I 'm sure paying a little more for this item will be worth it .
 Got it today and pluged it into my car . Blew a fuse in my car . Thankfully it did n't ruin my phone . Will let you know what A1 says .
 This always seemed to have mediocre sound quality -LRB- both in my ear as well as in the opinion of those I spoke to with it -RRB- . It seems to be getting worse over the few months I 've had the refurbished version I bought and I am looking into returning it .
 I bought this because it had a great vehicle charger housing.However , when I paired it with my Samsung Rogue , I found the quality of the earpiece to be less than desired.The signal strength was approximately 3 feet before it would dramatically fail . I would lose the contact with my phone via bluetooth and the sound quality would become scratchy and statically.The housing however , was handy and neat for my car . Too bad I did n't get a chance to use it .
 I bought this on a gold box special for $ 17.99 . And that 's BARELY what it is worth . It is not like the wonderful description . I ca n't put my phone in my pocket or it does n't work , constantly breaking up and muffled . The phone has to be fairly close -LRB- a foot or so -RRB- to the bluetooth or the voice breaks up . I am totally disappointed with it . I had previously owned two motorola bluetooth devices , and they were far superior to this . I lost the last one in a house fire and was trying to replace it . Poor choice . It is much larger and not as comfortable and stable as the old one . The regular price on this is about the same as I paid for the other -LRB- the motorola -RRB- , and the quality is far below . I was going to return it , but there is no return choice that lists poor quality as a reason .
 I have owned 2 Plantronics headsets -- The 665 and its predecessor , the 655 . Both have suffered the same fate . The little rubber ear tips are flimsy and keep breaking . When I pick up the headset , the ear tip falls out . I purchased the ear tip replacement pack , which costs about $ 10 and you get 3 ear tips -- 1 small , 1 medium , and 1 large . Given that I only have a need for 1 size , I basically had to pay $ 10 for one ear tip ... which broke after 30 days . The headset sounds pretty good , fits in my ear OK , and people say they can hear me pretty well . Despite all of these positives , I will be replacing it with another brand .
 I 've been very frustrated by this product.Problem # 1
 This was a very expensive headset , and I have had to give up using it . Everyone on the other end says that they have difficulty hearing me and that it sounds like my call is breaking up .
 The product arrived within days of the order and it was sleek in its appearance.Yet that 's where the excitement ended . Call volume was low and the amount of staticwas unbearable . I really expected more from Plantronics . Too say the least , thisproduct was returned due to poor sound quality .
 Bought this several months ago from a local store and I am disappointed . I have used several bluetooth headsets in the past few years that I have either lost or broke including : Logitech Mobile Freedom -LRB- Ear loop broke , not replaceable -RRB- Jawbone -LRB- Speaker part broke from the headset -RRB- Motorola H300 -LRB- Lost -RRB- Out of all the headsets I have owned , this one has the weakest bluetooth connection . I typically keep my phone in my shirt or pants pocket and with the other headsets I have used this is not a problem . With this headset the signal cuts in and out and it is difficult to have a conversation.I am looking for a new headset and based on my prior experience it needs : Excellent range and quality for the bluetooth connectionLong battery lifeDurable and replaceable partsLike to have a user replaceable battery
 I was attracted to the small size and light weight of this device . I have an older Plantronics 510 , and the old 510 is way better than this new 665 . The quality of sound of the 665 is so bad that I am returning it for a refund . Everyone that I have ever called on this thing complains that it picks up every little sound around me . If I try to call someone while driving , the noise from my quiet little car is so loud that nobody can understand what I am saying . My wife wo n't even talk to me if I call her using it . I am just going to keep my old 510 .
 I 'm about to call the manufacturer to enforce my warranty rights!This device is pitiful . I can only be about 2-3 feet away from my phone , in order to not encounter any interference during my calls.The USB charger is fine if you are always around a computer . Even the connection to the device is flemsy . It is a little tip or nob that barely stays in place when connected to the device . It takes me about 6 minutes to find the right position to set the device on its side and visually ensure that the connection is intact so that it charges properly.The literature claims that the device carries out approximately 3.5 hours of talk time ; however , I 've barely gotten close to an hour 's worth of continuous talk time on it.I do not recommend anyone purchasing the Plantronics Discovery 665 !
 got it for my gf about 6 month ago , since then only problems , mostly mechanical , the ear piece falls easily and she ended up loosing all 3 ear pieces and then the part that goes around the ear -LRB- cheap plastic , no wire inside -RRB- broke as well . dont ' even think about it .
 Everyone I talk to says they cant hear me or they cant understand me . Only reason I bought this is because my other plantronics earpieces have been great . I like the style but the quality is not good . I have a co-worker with the same device and he took his back to best buy for refund for the same reasons .
 I bought this 665 Plantronics to replace my Plantronics 510 which only lasted 11/2 years because the Plantronics 510 battery leaked and it stop working . This 665 well so far the range is terrible . If I leave my cell phone in my room and walk around my apartment I get a lot of crackles and people on the other end tell me that they ca n't hear me . It comes with a usb cable to recharge the battery which I think it 's rediculous because who will use their laptop to recharge their bluetooth ear piece ? It also comes with a car adaptor charger which makes sense but for the home you do n't get an AC adaptor . Battery life is average 1 day on standby compared with the 510 plantronics that lasted 1 day 1/2 on standby . Using it outdoors well , it still has the same problems as the 510 which it ca n't reduce air noise . I bought this bluetooth 665 believing it was an improvement over the 510 but I 'm sorry to say it 's not . I 'm still deciding if I want to return it or not . I hope this helps ; I would recommend to try another brand .
 This would have been a great bluetooth if it were n't for the fact that the silicone earbud and the wire loop would repeatedly come off and I 'd lose them -- without even one of those two pieces , it wo n't stay in your ear , rendering it useless . Since many people do keep the bluetooth in their pocket , I ca n't understand why they would design it so the earpiece detached so easily instead of a permanently-attached ear loop like on the Motorola 's . So now having ordered a replacement ear bud and loop TWICE , at twelve bucks including shipping each time , I 've lost them again and am going to dump this and buy a Motorola -- thanks for wasting my money , Plantronics !
 When paired with my BlackBerry Curve , the Discovery 665 worked very poorly for me . In fairness , before condemning the Discovery 665 I would have to try it with other phones and/or try my phone with other Bluetooth headsets . But I do n't have time for that . So I am only comparing this experience with past ones involving older phones and Bluetooth headsets , all of which worked much better.Using this unit with my Curve , during any call in progress -LRB- from initiation onward -RRB- I heard a subtle , but noticeable sound like a resonant hollow tube ; I heard bad , deep distortion or choppy audio on my end ; and the people I spoke with heard my voice subjected to heavy audio compression artifacts -LRB- like the swooshiness you hear in very low resolution mp3 audio . -RRB- The Discovery 665 seems to work well for others , but I am returning mine for a refund . I gave it two stars for good ergonomics and ease of setup and use .
 I ordered this product going on the `` product description '' that says it has a vehicle charger , customizable ear gels , and optional ear loop . None of those three things arrived with the headset . I simply received the headset , wall charger , and usb charger . Other sellers are apparently selling it with ALL the pieces , but `` Abacus 24-7 '' apparently is not .
 I was excited to get what I heard was a great Bluetooth headset for my Motorola W385 . With one phone call -LRB- in which I was stationary -RRB- the sound quality was slightly but distinctly poorer than what I am used to with my wired headset ; at least the conversation did n't seem to suffer , so I thought this was okay . However , the second time I used the headset , this time on the road , the person I was speaking to complained that he could not hear me well and asked if I was using a different headset or something . This was simply unacceptable . Under the same conditions , using my trusty old wired Plantronics M214C Headset , I never have any complaints and people tell me I sound best / clearest when I use it -LRB- the old , wired , Plantronics M214C Headset -RRB- . To me , Bluetooth is n't worth it unless/until it can match or surpass a wired headset in reliable sound quality . It 's that simple . I do n't like getting tangled in the wires , and I 've been frustrated with headset jacks that suffer from wear -LRB- and now I have to contend with an adapter to mini-USB in addition -RRB- but , ultimately , it 's about hearing the other person on the line and having them be able to hear you , too .
 I would not recommend the Plantronics 665 to anyone . The noise on the other end was horrible . I returned it and got a JawBone . This Bluetoothe is amazing . I recommend if you buy a Bluetooth buy this one . You will love it .
 I got this Bluetooth set as a gift . I have been a Motorola bluetooth headset user all my life , so it was awkard to actually insert the head piece into the ear . Too intrusive !! Ear holder was badly designed ... kept slipping off . I would n't recomend to anybody specially will not ever give it as a gift !!
 I am sorry I ca n't review this product due to never receiving it as it was shipped to my old address .
 Hello : I had this for 4 days . Could n't stand it . Driving in the car with air conditioning on , and it was WORSE than my Motorolla H700 . It 's clumbsy , awkward , and very hard on the ears when you want to place a call.I do NOT recommend it .
 I used this product for a few days and I returned it right away . I have had difficulty finding a bluetooth headset that was loud enough to hear while driving my car . I have had other models where the earpiece stayed outside of the ear canal and after hearing this model goes in your ear , I thought I 'd give it a try . Initially , it seemed loud enough but what really bothered me about it was the static . I would have my phone on my belt on my right side of the body and this ear piece on my left ear . Whatever I did , I would always hear static and the calls were never clear . I tried putting the phone on the same side as the head set and it was a bit better but I 'm accustomed to the location of my phone and headset and am unwilling to pay nearly $ 100 for this .
 This did not come in original box as advertised even with photo . It arrived in loose pack bubble wrap with no instructions .
 It sounds good and people hear me well so far . The part that goes in your ear comes off easily and is lost easily . The charge is easily lost the charging process is not good . As I said before the car charger is any good because the adapter that goes with isnt with the product . This bluetooth doesnt allow for listening to music either . It fell out of my ear in to the sink and worked after get wet so that is a good thing .
 I previously owned a Plantronics 645 which I liked quite well , but it came time for a replacement . I typically only use the headset in the car , so I was looking for one with good noise cancelling features . After using this headset for about 2 weeks , I received so many complaints from the people on the other end of the calls , that I had to stop using the headset and use my handset directly - just so they were n't completely annoyed.I really like the fit , feel , and weight of the unit , and the incoming sound quality was always excellent . When I was stopped at a traffic light , outgoing sound was very clear and nice , but unfortunately even the slightest road noise was a big issue.I really wanted to keep this headset because I still have some older accessories that are compatible , but unfortunately I will have to return it . With the DSP technology and Audio IQ I expected this headset to be better than my 645 , while it ended up being much worse .
 I had heard great things about this headset but I think it is terrible . Although I could hear other people quite well -LRB- hence the 1 star -RRB- , I kept getting comments like `` are you under water ? '' , `` what 's that swishing sound ? '' , `` do you have the windows open or the fan turned way up in the car '' , and my favorite `` oh no , you 're not on that horrible headset again are you ? '' . Suffice to say , I 'm looking for another bluetooth headset . Too bad , since I 've loved my other plantronics headsets .
 Pretty good little unit if you do n't use it too much . Nowhere near the claimed 3 hour battery life . If you have a cell phone you use less than 1000 minutes a month , this might be the one for you . If you use your phone for business like I do , over 3000 minutes a month , then DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT . I am a lifelong Plantronics customer and I can not recommend this unit for business use .
 I have used many other Plantronic devices in the past - this one is an embarrassment to the name . This headset consistantly drops connection to the phone , runs out of battery life after a VERY short time in use , and often fails to charge properly . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 My friend had great things to say about this head phone . But it sucks . If I have my blackberry on one side of my body , and the headset in the opposite ear , it crackles with static . Seriously . My body provides too much resistance in a 3 foot range . I 'm returning this POS and getting a jawbone
 I have had 3 of these units . The first a lost because it was so light that I did not realize it had fallen off of my ear . By the time it was found , weather conditions had destroyed it . The second was my fault that it was destroyed . I did like the product enough that I purchased a third one . I had it about six weeks when the ear gel piece fell out and would not stay snapped in . I replaced that one and my ear became so sensitive that it was extremely painful to insert or remove it , and within about six weeks that ear gel unit fell out of the body . Because of the apparent allergenic nature of the ear gels and the fact that they tend to fall out of the main body of the unit I have opted for a different product .
 Do n't even think about buying this product ; there is a huge design flaw that severely outshadows any of the positives . The gel ear buds do not stay on the headset . To put them on and take them off , you put the bud in the `` neutral '' position then push it on and then twist it to the right or left , depending upon which ear you prefer . The problem is that the bud keeps rotating back to neutral and then falls right off . I complained to the Plantronics company and they told me where I could purchase replacement parts ! I told them I was n't paying for replacement parts for a product that was very poorly designed in the first place . This headset has been returned but I just wanted to warn everone who had read the excellent reviews about the product to not even consider this one .
 I used the Plantronics 665 for one day and returned it to Amazon . I heard constant noise and static ; the people I was talking to could n't tell what I was saying , and there were several spontaneous disconnects . I have yet to find a bluetooth headset worth using .
 Plantronics was good enough to send me a new pair of these , after I complained about the earbud and clip falling off at inopportune moments -LRB- are there any that are n't inopportune ? -RRB- But the new pair had the same design flaw
 I purchased this hoping it would be a good bluetooth headset , but found out through experience that this was a poor choice . My wife and clients always state that they can not hear me . I usually get the response while driving or outside with wind as little as a light breeze .
 I replaced a Jabra bluetooth headset which finally died 10 months after having survived a washing machine -LRB- yes , it got washed and still ran -RRB- . I paid about $ 60 for that Jabra unit and when I replaced it , I paid $ 100 for this Plantronics ... uhhh ... I 'll be kind and just refer to it as the `` replacement '' . Needless to say , my level of disappointment has me with the conviction that I shall not buy Plantronics again . I purchased it at a Best Buy where I was told to bring it back within 14 days if I did n't like it . Unfortunately , my schedule had me separated from my receipt during that time , so I am stuck with this device.After this whining , why do n't I like it ? I drive a lot for my job and use the earpiece regularly -LRB- or at least I did the predecessor -RRB- . When calling from a moving vehicle , my customers regularly complain that they ca n't hear me . The ambient road noise from a car is loud enough and the ` replacement ' catches all of it . So the only convenience I have with it comes from not wanting to hold a phone while talking.In addition , the battery time is poor . If you are planning on using it for more than a couple of calls while on the road , make sure to have the DC charger ready and waiting.The AC charging scheme is junkie at best . The connection from the charger to the charging dock disconnects easily . Quite disappointing as well.I found this device to be a big disappointment . Comparing it to the Jabra which I purchased over three years ago -LRB- and had had better capabilities with both before and after the washing machine incident -RRB- , I would find it hard to decide to use this manufacturer again . Maybe I got a bad unit , but I doubt it .
 I would first like to say that I did not purchase this product from Amazon although I do n't think it would make much of a difference . I purchased my 665 at Best Busy because I needed something quickly for a trip . After the first one did n't work very well , I exchanged it for a second one to see if I would have any better luck . I did n't ... see below.The Pros
 I have had this Plantronics Discovery 665 Bluetooth headset for two days and everyone I call tells me I sound very muffled . I can hear them fine , but they can not understand me . They can hear me , but can not understand what I am saying most of the time . I am returning this item .
 This headset is fine as long as you do n't use it inside the car . If you do , the hum -LRB- road noise , wind noise , etc. -RRB- is almost unacceptable on the listener 's side .
 This holster was a love/hate relationship . I loved the way I could get at the buttons/screen w/o the holster getting in the way but I hated how it effected the unit . Specifically when I had the Treo 650 in the holster , I found that that it squeezed the screen in a way that prevented the digitizer from working right . when I tried to point at something on the screen it the `` click '' would be somewhere else . Try to click the appointment at 10am and get the one at noon instead , things like that.Took me a while to figure out that I had to take the treo out for it to work right.one of the sides that hold the treo in place broke off , I assume because i had to keep removing the treo to get it to work right.Total time of use , about 2 months
 Within one month belt clasp spring lost tension and had to buy a new one . Within three months nib on back of sheath broke off . No fixing that .
 Short and sweet ... I loved this item . However , the tab on the back broke off twice turning the holder into a useless paperweight . I am now using a $ 2.99 plastic version from China .
 This holster arrived so tight when installed , it interfered with the touch screen . Also this holster has to be removed to put your Treo into the docking station - which is no easy task as tightly as it fits . I tried to loosen the holster 's grip a little by `` spreading its wings '' but this resulted in the cheap metal the leather is glued to BREAKING instead of bending . The clip itself is also huge - nearly 3/4 inch thick ! Hardly a slim holster . Mine is getting returned .
 I used this for about three hours - Due to it making the phone stick out so far the first time I walked through the cube maze at work - bump - new phone scratched to the point of damage on the screen - great , a $ 24 clip costs me a $ 600 phone.I get into my car and - Snap - the cach is broken.Never buy this - it is the worst product on the market .
 I 'll be the first to tell you , I 'm hard on phone cases . I have had a Treo 600 since they first came out , and when I upgraded recently to the Treo 650 , this case was included . I 've tried at least seven different cases , and have worn them all out -LRB- except for one -RRB- . Like other reviewers , I really liked this case . It allows great access to all the features -LRB- screen , keys , camera , connections , etc. -RRB- . Easy to put on and pull off the phone , held the phone tightly , easy to fasten and unfasten from the belt-clip for easy , instant access.All was fine , until I bumped it somehow , and the phone fell out . Then the phone hooked onto my seatbelt and fell out again . But after only three weeks , the phone made its final drop when it fell out onto the Sam 's club floor for no apparent reason - until I noticed that the case was broken.When it comes to cases , durability is the number one issue with me , and unfortunately , an otherwise great design could n't take the heat .
 I enjoyed this holster for about 6 months before one of the side wings broke off rendering it useless . Overall it has a simple , sleek design , that allowed full access to all the functions of the phone while still in the holster , and the exterior leather gives it a nice feel . But the design has a major flaw in that the encased structure is made of stiff , brittle plactic that eventually failed . If the manufacturers had used metal instead of plastic they would have had a winner . But unfortunately they went the cheap route and I paid the price -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . I give them 2 stars for a structurally inadequate design .
 WARNING
 Cheap plastic not worth $ 11 . I returned after opening and realizing that it was n't metal .
 The battery I purchased does not allow me to hear as well as the one I purchased two years ago and I have to recharge everyday and get a short lifespan when using the cell phone .
 the rubberized coating on this phone started peeling off the next day . I have stuck with nokia over the years because i love their menus and how they maneuver . This phone does n't work the same at all ... as far a i can tell there is no way to delete more than one text message at a time . when i put my SIM card in it does n't automatically add the name to the number so the first week is moving the SIM memory to the phone which also was n't as easy as my last nokia . and lastly the headset that comes with it is awkward in the least . not easy to deal with while driving so i roll up the windows and strain to hear the speaker phone . so it 's sturdy and has good sound and signal but I wo n't be ordering a second phone to replace this one when it dies
 This phone has a lock out when you first get it . Then when you try to get help it is impossible . I can not even use the phone . Would never buy anything else from amazon
 The phone does not work well . No paper work or address came with it to return if you are not satisfied . I emailed and they sent me an address but I felt insecure about sending it away and not even having a receipt that I could copy . When you open the phone it has a blank screen about 50 % of the time . Ca n't be used until the screen finally reappears . -LRB- Can be a long time . -RRB-
 I ordered this phone and was looking forward to enjoying it but to my great disappointment the phone had a technical defect from the day i received it . The ear piece or voume control was faulty causing me to experience difficulty in hearing . I tried adjusting the volume controls several times but that didnt work so i ended up returning the product . I love nokia but this phone was the phone from hell !
 I purchased this battery as a replacement for the 2yr old battery that came with my phone . My old battery would not hold a charge anymore , so I wanted a new one . The new one proved to be just as bad . I do n't think it 's a problem with this vendor but a problem with the manufacturer instead . Would not recommend ordering this if you 're looking to replace an old one .
 When I rerceived this phone it worked for about 1 week then the front screen went blank and now we ca n't use it at all so I wasted $ 75.00
 The battery for this phone needs charging everyday even when not in use . Phone drops call after 5 minutes .
 Charger worked for less than 30 minutes . Not worth the time and trouble of ordering . First time I 've ordered , may be my last .
 After doing quite a bit of research I purchased this headset for its long battery life . It was confortable to wear but the microphone stopped working after about 6 weeks use . Called into Logitech and found out that the microphone can easily be roatate a full 360 degrees . When it does it damages the the micophone -LRB- thus why it stopped working -RRB- . Do n't have any idea when or how that happened . And of course there is no warranty coverage . So I have a head set that ca n't be repaired nor used . If you are super careful this might work for you , but I need something more durable . I 'll be shopping for another model .
 The concept of a wireless headset is intriguing . Unfortunately , this design does not fulfill its ' promise.First , it is not a comfortable fit . It always felt as though it was about to fall off , and I was always aware of it 's presence.Second , it does not work as seamlessly as the wired headset . Voice dialing did not work properly -LRB- you could never hear the prompt tone to know when to say the voice command -RRB- . Without voice dialing , you lose much of the freedom of a headset.Third , you look like a total geek wearing this thing . Not only is it large , but there 's also blinking lights to attract attention.Kudos -LRB- and gratitude -RRB- to Amazon 's hassle-free and simple return policy . Back it went .
 An otherwise great headset is ruined by one stunningly idiotic design flaw . Rotating the mic boom too far -LRB- as others have pointed out -RRB- causes the microphone to stop working - I suppose it snaps a wire or something.Not preventing the mic boom from rotating too far -LRB- by some sort of plastic stop or something -RRB- is one of the worst product flaws I 've ever seen .
 As with one other reviewer , I found the mike boom to be made in the most flimsy manner . By rotating too far in the wrong direction the wire breaks making the mike unusable . Logitech refuses to admit that the product is poorly designed and will not make good on their warranty if it the mike stops working . It is very easy to rotate in the wrong direction and go too far -- and then pfft !!
 There is a major manufacturing defect in this product . There is very limited mobility on the mic boom , and the boom will easily break off the base of the headset with minimum pressure . I had my headset for 2 days before the boom just came off . Logitech did not design the boom for it to pop out under any pressure so you can simply reinsert it . Instead , the base of the boom will break and is unrepairable making the headset a $ 100 paper weight.I was also extremely disappointed in logitech for not honoring thier warranty when I called them on this issue . They had no intention on helping me with the issue and claimed that I was the first to ever call in to complain about the issue .
 This headset is a nice design
 I have tried many headsets and found this unit to have the best sound quality and it 's the most comfortable . Out of all the headsets I have used I have not had to call tech support because they worked perfect out of the box . The Logitech unit I received did not support voice dial even though a few reviewes claimed it did . I called Logitech to find out what was wrong with my unit and dealt with one incompetent person after another . The people that answer the phone at Logitech can not spell Bluetooth and have no clue on what it is used for . Logitech does not have an 800 number for support and I spent two hours working my way up there support chain until I found a person that understood what Bluetooth was . He told me all units in the field have old firmware and my brand new unit needed to be shipped back for a replacement . I sent my unit back next day air and it took them over a week before they shipped me a replacement . I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER LOGITECH PRODUCT EVER.Sean
 The first Logitech Mobile Bluetooth Headset I got was DOA -- the headset would not charge . The replacement unit was defective as well -- annoying electronic tones in the earpiece , unreliable charging , and after a few days the microphone went haywire and started generating a very loud , constant buzzing/static background noise , drowning out the speaker 's voice . Logitech support was non-existent . This was to be my wife 's `` big '' Christmas present , but it was nothing but a big disappointment . An important footnote
 The Logitechh Mobile Bluetooth Headset has a great design and I found it easy on the ear . There was just one big problem with it for me - it did n't work with my phone , the Nokia 3650 . Seems Logitech made a boo-boo and implemented the bluetooth spec really out of spec on this baby , hence the reason the headset does n't work with the 3650 . It seems like it would be a good headset otherwise -LRB- minus the annoying bright blue LED -RRB- , but if you have a 3650 , go with the $ 79.99 Jabra bluetooth headset instead -LRB- not the $ 69.99 one ! -RRB- , as it supposively works with the 3650 .
 Well I just got my mobile Bluetooth headset . The sound quality is really good and even act as a speakerphone if you turn your phone volume up really high.You could also use it as a headset for your bluetooth enabled computer . It 's only mono though . I wish they have stereo bluetooth.Overall , I would recommend a buy for this unless you find another one with stereo sound .
 Another poster mentioned that it would n't connect to their Nokia . I had the same problem with a different phone . I have a Nokia 3650 , and it would pair , but it wo n't connect . It 's a shame , as it seems to be comfy . If you have a Nokia , I 'd say stay away from this .
 I spent a great deal of time making this product work and then I could not hear adequately without pressing it against my ear .
 I ordered this battery and was very disappointed . First , it is larger than the original and sticks out from the contours of the phone . Secondly , after discharging the battery and then fully charging it , it lasted about 24-48 hours , with essentially no talk time.I have contacted the seller for an exchange or a refund and have not heard back yet - not sure that I will.Caveat emptor !
 The belt clip broke after 3 weeks of use . After contacting the seller , I was sent a replacement -LRB- free of charge -RRB- . This '' Non Defective '' replacement also broke in the same area 2 weeks after I received it . I will not be submitting another complaint due to the fact that the product is poorly made . I would recommend purchasing this item only if you plan on not wearing it on your belt .
 I 've purchased two of these holsters and while I want to like the product , the bottom line is it just simply is n't durable . With the first one I purchased , the clip at the top of the holster that holds the phone broke within a matter of weeks . With the second purchase , the belt clip broke as I went to sit down . I really wanted to like this product because I liked the felt covered lining of the holster that the face of the phone rests against and I liked the swivel action of the holster . Sadly though , this is a poorly constructed product that simply does not withstand normal day to day use for very long .
 I got the ear gels , was expecting them to all be large because of hearing problem . There was no combo , just the gels . Looks can be decieving is all I can say .
 I 'm not sure what magical phone-to-case glue was used in the product picture , but this case wo n't stay in position for more that a couple minutes . It will then slide down and cover the buttons and screen . Krussell replaced it for me once and sent a case with slightly stiffer cow , but after a few days it softened up and had exactly the same problem .
 I purchased this item expecting something similar to the Sedio belt clip I had with my Blackberry . I loved the design and it 's capability to hold the iPhone 4 in any direction -LRB- front facing in or out and upside down -RRB- . I was really happy with the texture and the fact that while in the front facing configuration the belt clip acted as a kickstand on a table or desk to watch videos , etc. . Bottom line , I loved the case , until it broke . I sat down with it on my hip and suddenly the cheap plastic pins in the belt clip portion both broke off . I did n't drop it or put any strain on it , just simply sat down.I was really happy with this case and would still be if the clip was n't so easily broken .
 I had it attached to my hip and sat in a car and the plastic clip broke off . In other holsters they are designed with a break away clup so it can be reattached but this just broke . I would not recommend .
 Check the design of the holster you order to ensure that the clip can withstand the pressure of side torque pulling away from your belt . The slightest brush can break these pivot pins and send the frame and iphone 4 flying to whatever is below . See notes on Cellet as well . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN
 This review is more about the `` Cingular '' service . Just about the WORST customer service possible . Their representatives are rude and unhelpful . The only time they want to help is when they want you to renew the contract . Despite the money I saved on my phone by signing with cingular , if I could do it all over , I would definitely go with ANY other service provider . Unfortunately , I 'm stuck for TWO YEARS ! YES , their contracts are for TWO YEARS so be warned or have regrets like me ... some things are NOT worth the money !
 i wanted to buy this phone from you but you dont offer the service in las vegas.that is poor customer service , it is n't like cingular does n't have service here .
 After a great experience with a Sony Ericsson T616 -LRB- which after three years and two owners is still going strong -RRB- , I wanted to stay with the brand . The newest of their phones through Cingular at the time was the S710a , so this phone seemed like a no-brainer . The amazing Sony Ericsson user interface and address book had remained unchanged , except for their newly added strengths and reduced weaknesses . The Bluetooth was as fully-featured as ever , working perectly with my Mac computer and Parrot handsfree car kit . Reception was excellent , even in some of our `` thin '' coverage areas here . I heartily welcomed EDGE as well as MP3 ringtones , both absent from the T616 . The earpiece and speakerphone each delivered clear , loud sound . The display simply stunned me with its brilliance.After a few months of use , the above positives were overwhelmed by the negatives . First , there are its physical flaws . The phone lacks the solid , tactile of Motorola phones ; though heavy , the S710a feels cheap . This is a heavy phone , though , and extremely large , too
 The camera is pretty good but the mp3 player only fits about 9 songs on it . The reason I shelled so much out for this phone was to have the phone and mp3 player in one . This phone also drops a lot of calls and I have had problems with sending files via email and actually getting a ring when someone calls .
 This phone would be great if it did not have so many problems . It has so many cool features , people love my phone , but sometimes I want to throw it out the window . My brother has the same phone and he wants to get rid of it just as much as I do . This is my third s710a and they all had the same problems : Pros - Nice big screen . - 1.3 MP camera , good picture quality in light environments as long as the subjects of the pictures are not moving . - It plays MP3s . - It has an external card to connect easily to a computer -LRB- transfers pictures and sounds or songs -RRB- . - I use my camera flash as a flashlight -LRB- it 's that bright -RRB- . - You can turn off the shutter sound on the updated version of the phones.Cons - Holy freakin ' slow . I push menu and most of the time it takes 5-10 seconds for the menu to come up . Sometimes -LRB- but very rarely -RRB- it 's instantly . - Bad picture quality in dark environments -LRB- but it 's not a real digital camera , so you ca n't expect it to be -RRB- . - You can not turn speakerphone on until you are already in the call . It just bothers me that I have to wait for someone to answer before I can turn speakerphone on -RRB- . - Some software problems -LRB- especially the Notes program -RRB- . - Menu icons occasionally disappear . - A number of dropped calls -LRB- I hate that -RRB- . - People can not hear me but I can hear them . - I press call and sometimes it just will not call.I originally gave this phone 3 stars , but while I was listing the cons , I realized how many problems it has , and that it only deserves 2 stars . The phone would have received 4 or 5 if it was fast and I did n't lose so many calls .
 I bought this phone because it had 1.3 mega Pix camara . Other than that feature the phone has a lot of flaws . First you have to fight with it to remove the charger or ear peace . You do not have the option to turn up the spearker . The only way I can hear is to use the ear piece . Very disappionting
 I 've been waiting a while for this phone and just got it yesterday . Most everything is the same -LRB- except for the design -RRB- as the 610 . The menu is almost identical . With the exception of an MP3 player and better camera that 's really it.The reason I am returning mine is because I planned on using the phone as an MP3 player . Unfortunately , the phone can ONLY use memory stick Duo -LRB- not PRO -RRB- which has a max of 128 megs . What the ? Do a search for yourself and see that even Lexar and Sandisk only go to 128 for the plain memory DUO stick . What a bummer ! Including a few photos brought over from my PC and 5-6 songs I filled the 32 meg card that was included . Oh well . Hope this helps.Sony Ericsson consumer support had no idea why the phone does n't use the newer version of the memory stick DUO . Even the new PSP from Sony will use the memory stick duo pro which opens up a whole other can or worms !
 I originally ordered the S710a Star Wars phone for the neat Star Wars gimmicks.I had the phone two weeks and it was basically failing from day one . The Bluetooth function with a headset failed constantly - it would drop the connection and then have to re-paired while driving
 This phone is great to impress your friends with . It 's feature packed but has a bunch of issues : Poor battery life - I am constantly recharging.Poor Bluetooth connectionClock loses track of the time - my call log is all jumbled up ... Poor reception - My friend has full reception on his cingular phone where mine shows `` one bar `` I got a great deal from cingular on this phone to switch from Sprint . I regret the switch .
 have to shove my iphone 4 in and it doest cover it all the way and is very tight to get phone in ... does not work well and only tried to use it for a few weeks . . then tossed it unfortunately
 Product is too small for iPhone 4 especially if you are using a bumper . It will not lock since the iPhone is taller than the pouch ... Returning the pouch to the company is a nightmare
 I loved the cord storage of this compact travel charger for my Nokia phone , but this charger stopped working in less than three months . My two original Nokia chargers also failed in less than a year . Meanwhile , all of the other -LRB- non-Nokia -RRB- chargers that I 've bought in the last five years are still working fine ! The two Nokia 6015i phones I 've owned -LRB- the first one died -RRB- also have had more quality control problems than I 've ever had before with a cellular phone , so I 'm avoiding Nokia products now .
 I had heard this was the best phone on the market , and like a Tivo would revolutionize my life . I 'm a fairly technological person , and I can assemble a computer by hand , so I get the tech thing . But this phone does not work . I have had TMobile for a few years and before this phone had a Samsung that worked great . Before that I had a Nokia with no major problems , and before that I had my beloved Motorola Star-Tac . I 've done the wireless game and the Blackberry 7100t was supposed to be my Valhala . But consistently this phone had made my life miserable . It drops calls repeatedly . On certain days it dropped every call over and over for the entire day . It sends multiple text messages and receives the same messages over and over . It 's basically possessed . I tried downloading new software from TMobile , but it was unable to resolve any problems . It gets terrible reception and has basically sent me back to the age of those huge wireless phones you saw in old Miami Vice reruns being used by criminals and playboys.I asked a friend who works for the phone company who made the engine that drives the technology in this phone and was told Blackberry had developed it themselves . I guess that sums it up . The first generation of anything is always the worst , and I generally I stay away from 1st gen.If you 're buying a phone , please look elsewhere . If you have the same experience as me , you 'll simply pay a few hundred dollars to ruin your life . There 's better ways to spend your money .
 I have had my phone for almost one year . The screen is great , emails come through fast and I have no problem typing a quick email or text message with the keys . However , the microphone is super sensitive and picks up every bit of background noise . Plus , you have to keep the phone well away from your mouth or people will not be able to hear you . Many times people tell me it sounds like you are in a tunnel . In the car , the sound is worse . I am going to look at that new blackberry 8700 that Cingular now offers as a replacement . And i did download the latest software that was supposed to fix this microphone problem , it did n't .
 pros : - nice screen in dim light - best sound quality i 've found in a mobile ever - best speakerphone quality ever - built in web browser displays nearly all web pages - instant messenger is quite fun - blackberry integration is perfectcons : - ca n't see the screen at all in sunlight - ca n't answer in speakerphone mode -LRB- maybe mine was defective -RRB- - can only log in to one IM service at a time -LRB- yahoo msn OR aol -RRB- - interface is not suited for quick , convenient , or one-handed use ** - let me expand a bit on the blackberry interface . it is great for blackberry email devices where you pick from one or two menu selections and use those constantly and only occassionally try other items . on this mobile phone / blackberry email device i was really hoping to see a better integration between the telephone functionality and the BB functionality . i have a samsung vga1000 mobile now and its got one push buttons to access the most common things . a button for web access , one for taking photos , one for the address book , one for the menu , etc. everything i want to do quickly is right there at one touch . to do anything on the blackberry requires clicking and scrolling through the scroll wheel , which is really tough to use because its so sensitive . very easy to miss the item you 're looking for . this thing has a huge keyboard and all kinds of buttons everywhere but it does n't take advantage of any of them ! to do anything and everything you have to use the stupid scroll wheel , click , pick an item from the menu , click , pick something else , use the keyboard to type in something , back to the scroll wheel , click , scroll to `` save '' , click , press escape a few times and finally you 're done . for everyday tasks this is a total pain ! they could have done an amazing job with that huge keyboard and they blew it . they oughta either get rid of all those keys or assign them a whole lot more functionality . as it is , i do not recommend this phone for anyone except people who require blackberry functionality .
 I like several things about this phone . The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad . The predictive typing works well . The speakerphone is actually functional . However , there is one absolute show-stopper -- the screen is a piece of junk . Within one month , there were so many scratches on the cheap acrylic that i could n't read my emails . I realized too late that you must keep it in the holster at all times or the screen WILL BE UNREADABLE . What was BlackBerry thinking ???? FIND A NEW SUPPLIER FOR THESE SCREENS , RIM !!!! The old BlackBerries do n't scratch ... I actually turned this piece of junk back in and reactivated my old BlackBerry for this reason . I wo n't buy another RIM product until I 'm convinced they 've solved this problem .
 The email thing is great you get them right away and the color on screen is great . But getting to the internet takes forever , the speaker phone do n't work , people can not hear me on this phone . They say I sound like I 'm underwater sometimes , or it rattles , just a horrible phone ! I am on my third one blackberry wo n't do anything about it . They just keep sending me new phones . Do n't buy !
 Do n't buy this phone.The ugly : Endless resets . More than once I had to pull the battery out to get it to work . It will keep searching for a signal until you do so.It also gets into a `` call failed '' mode that will go on and on until you ... big surprise ... pull the battery and watch the dancing hour glass.Many is the time due to the above that I did not know I could not get calls and almost mucked up my day.Ringer very low and the setting are overly complex . Crappy ring tones.The organizer -- you 'd do better with a PDA.The good ... When I am done with my contract I will get a nail and drive it through the electronic heart of this piece of junk .
 I 've had this phone for about 6 months and will definitely be trading in for a full keyboard PDA/Phone . If you do any volume of email at all , this thing will drive you crazy ! The built in dictionary must be using some type of foreign language , because it comes up with words that do n't exist and are n't even close to what you are typing . The calendar function is just ok , web is a joke , address book is just ok . As a phone it 's too bulky . My recommendation if you are into BlackBerry , get a full size keyboard and a bluetooth headset . Luckily , it was practically free when I got it . After owning this Blackberry , I 'll definitely research something outside RIM for my next PDA/Phone .
 Yea , there was SUCH a HYPE when this phone came out , so i decided to purchase it . Yeah , it looks sleek and all , but I did n't find it to be too useful - because the interface is not very user-friendly . Plus , there were many bugs in it . many problems with AIM and e-mail and that.The contacts totally SCREWED up the address on my computer , so I decided to part ways with this phone , and I got the TREO 650 pda phone - that is the BEST thing out there - check it out !
 I liked this phone pretty well until the ` shift ' key stopped working . It started acting up a week before warranty ran out -- unfortunately , I did n't click to that , and I waited to see if it would work itself out . It just got worse.I had run down T-Mobile in this review previously , as they were not much help in this situation , but I am not sure that 's fair . If the phone 's out of warranty , it 's out of warranty , you know ? I was just frustrated . I 've been content w/T-Mobile overall , though this instance was n't resolved satisfactorily.Pretty good software , OK phone service , subpar keypad design . I see they 've changed the keys on the 7105 -- maybe they changed some things for the better . I do not recommend the 7100 , however .
 I 've had this phone for a year , and it 's time to get a real phone . I mainly use the phone for email , txt , and phone calls . I love the modified qwert keyboard , however the predictive type is not very good . In fact I typed faster on my old sidekick , although I can type with one hand which is a real plus considering my ` blackberry ' thumb problem from all my toys.Using the calender without uploading it from something else is a pain and takes for ever.I do n't use the IM because the phone sometimes gets stuck in that mode , and it 's easier to text message . I used to use the web on my first-generation sidekick all the time , but I never use it anymore on my blackberry because it 's soooo slow . Although that might just be because I 've gotten more impatient.The speakerphone is nice and clear , but it 's a sad day when people can hear me better on the speakerphone than through the handset . I now solely use the bluetooth headset , which is addictive.I have a very hard time picking up calls . I have never figured out how to make the thing ring out loud more than three times . If I 'm not wearing my headset there is a good chance I 'll miss the call . Also it 's difficult to hit the tiny green talk button when you 're in a hurry and fishing it out of your bag , but it 's far too easy to move the wheel when pushing that . When I get a call a message pops up asking if I want to take the call or ignore it . Because of the wheel I often send people to voice mail when I really wanted that call . It 's even worse with call waiting , when I scroll to select ` answer new hold current ' , I end up hitting ` ignore new ' instead . In fact , while the wheel seems like a great idea , it 's actually more of negative than a plus.Reception seems fine to me , I live in a small city surrounded by nothingness . I rarely drop calls except in serious ` dead ' spots . However , I just saw someone surfing the web on his PSP in the basement of a building where I had no reception whatsoever . That just seems wrong.All in all , I do not recommend this phone if you actually want a phone rather than an ok pda that takes calls .
 phone reception is very marginal . Lots of dropped calls . Lots of complaints from people calling me . The phone is definitely weaker than standard T-mobile phones . I can be standing next to someone with a T-mobile phone and they have 4 bars and can place calls . At the same time and place , my 7100t gets one bar and can not call or receive calls . This is the 4th 7100t that they have sent me and all have the same or worse problems . I have this problem in an area that T-mobile says is a great reception area , and have similar problems in the middle of big airports and cities.PDA limited but works . Only complaint is that several times each week the PDA does a hard reset in the middle of a call , which takes about 6 minutes to complete before I can use the phone again .
 The product works fine but after two weeks of normal cell phone use it 's starting to fall apart around the edges , the leather material is starting to peel off . Other than that it 's a good case . But I do n't know if I would really recommend it .
 I was first attracted to this phone for its sleek design , pearly color , and mirrored plating ; and was pleased until I turned it on . After that moment things started going wrong
 I can not tell you the frustration i have had so far with my krzr k1m phone from verizon!Firstly , I ca n't use the phone 's capabilities , they are disabled.Second , there is seemingly no `` back '' button when using the menus , you have to start over!I have been a Verizon customer for years now and my trouble started when I upgraded to this new phone and I am very dissatisfied with everything , their service , the phone.former verizon fan , Nate
 DO NOT buy this phone unless you 're willing to endure continuous calls from Verizon Wireless if you try to close your account.Last week , shortly after telling Verizon 's sales person I was switching to T-Mobile because their Customer Service is a disaster , I began getting three to five calls each day that hang up as soon as I answer . Doing a * 69 revealed they were coming from 1-800-470-0768 , Verizon Wireless ' number . Calling a supervisor -LRB- Jasen -RRB- resulted in an apology and him putting me on their Do Not Call list , which he says wo n't take effect for 30 days . He also said this is a `` known problem with Verizon 's auto-dialer '' for which Verizon has no solution . It 's only noon and so far today I 've gotten three calls from them , two hangups and another sales pitch to upgrade my phones and stay with Verizon Wireless.I 'd rather stick needles in my eyes .
 Cheap price means cheap quality . Guess I should have purchased 10 of them at such a low price . One would probabaly still be in service .
 I bought my first Cherry Chocolate in December 2006 . Today June 13 , I received my recplacement chocolate in the mail . The phone is very easy to get used to . Honestly , I do n't know how any phone can be too confusing.The pictures are great . I bought a ringtone -LRB- $ 2.99 is pricy , T-Moble charged me $ 1.99 for the past 3 years -RRB- and a game . I really do hate that Verizon Wireless phones do not come with default games.After 2-3 months , my cancel button stopped working . I 'd come back if I did n't close the phone , but then eventually it completely stopped working . Like another reviewer , it would constantly call the last person on my call log . It can be so sensitive , but yet not sensitive enough for the cancel button -LRB- sensor pad -RRB- to work.I would be typing a text message and before I could even finish one sentence , it would automatically send . Sometimes , it would scroll down the menus non stop until I just closed it . It would also freeze while I would do something , so I would have to close the phone and open it up again.The music player was great . You really need a memory card to get the total use of this `` MP3 player/cellphone `` I get my new phone in the mail today and one of the screws on the back of the phone -LRB- where the battery goes -RRB- was missing . The factory sent me a phone that was either NOT inspected , or had a terrible inspection job . I understand it 's just a screw , but that 's just plain lazy.Also , the pictures I have saved on my card do not cover the entire wallpaper like on my old phone . I do not understand this.If you have a lot of money to spend , I guess this is a good phone for you . You can buy V-Cast and download all their extra stuff . If you have a lot of money and want to use it wisely , I suggest going to T-Moble and purchasing a Blackberry or any other phone .
 I have owned 5 different LG phones through Verizon . They all stink but the Chocolate is BY FAR the worst phone I have ever used ! We bought it in December , by April I have had to have the battery replaced . It would not hold a charge . Got the battery today - it will hold a charge but it keeps cutting off or flashing `` Verizon Wirelss '' with no way to stop it . It wo n't cut off unless I take off the battery . Same old same old . It 's always had a weak signal , even if I 'm next to a cell phone tower ! It just keeps saying , `` Verizon Wireless '' which I hate also . I 've never dropped it or got it wet . I can probably get it replaced but it has messages I 've saved , etc. that I ca n't download . The buttons are too sensitive , the wheel is too small . The only reason I give this phone a star is because it looks good . BIG DEAL ! Give me dependable any day !
 Well , after reading this I do n't know , I am having problems already trying to recieve the phone from Verizon.I got an e-mail from Amazon saying that they shipped out but earlier today I recieved another message saying that I have to send Verizon my SSN and Driver 's Licensce so right now you could say I 'm pretty confused
 The Chocolate phone is nice , but there are too many flaws with it . Currently , I 've returned my Chocolate phone to Verizon several times , and have received so far a total of 6 replacement phones . Number 6 had to be taken in since the camera button no longer works -LRB- if you press it the phone shuts off -RRB- and it no longer recognizes my memory card . I 'll be receiving my 7th `` new '' Chocolate phone sometime next week.The phone is stylish , true , but is not worth the trouble with all of its problems . I 've also had this style of phone for a year now . That means , that I 've gotten a new Chocolate phone approx every 2 months.Not recommended for a phone .
 This was the worst phone I have ever had . Perhaps this phone was too tech savvy for me . I just did not like it.One of the features I could not get used to was the touch screen . I felt like even when I was n't touching my phone it would do SOMETHING . The worst was when I would have it in my pocket or purse and it would dial the first person on my contact list . This phone does have a lock on it but sometimes mine would not activate . Touch screen sensitivity is also adjustable but way too sensitive still . Because of this , I am NEVER getting a touchscreen phone again.You can also lock your cellphone where it allows a passcode in order to access the phone . The only time it asked for my code was when I turned it off or on , not for dialing or texting or anything like that like my other phone did.I tried to make my phone more interesting by having VCast features and extra accessories -LRB- usb cord & LG ; disk -RRB- but that was a waste for this phone . For some reason not all of my VCast features worked -LRB- which might just be a problem with verizon and not the device itself -RRB- . My cellphone was not recognized as a music device nor did the cellphone recognize my computer to sync music . I 've read that a few people had a problem with that and just resorted to using a microSD card.Texting and emailing was NOT fun . I especially relied on texting and emailing when my boyfriend would be out of the country but the keys on the cellphone were so tight together it was NEVER comfortable . Maybe my fingers are too fat for this phone , but do n't even think about games ! I also tried using my college address for email notifications but the only successful address it would recognize was my hotmail , but even those notifications were not prompt . Another thing about texting and emailing was whenever I was in the middle of a message it would automatically send . The keys are not that far apart and the touch screen is sensitive so it happened often . Then canceling the message would take forever so many times my messages would n't be completed.The cellphone camera sucked . Very grainy and whenever I would send pics to my email the quality was not good at all . Since the phone is touch screen it 's annoying to take pictures with . Surprisingly the video quality is a little better with sound . There is no flash and there is a tiny reflector I guess if you want to take pictures of yourself , but it 's useless.The ringback tones are a joke and I canceled that immediately . I never could figure out how to have individual regular ringtones for people who called me . I would edit their contact info to whatever ringtone and it would remain as the default.I 've had a few friends who feel the same way about this phone . I had one friend manage to mess up the battery port and it completely broke inside and he could no longer charge his phone.I am throwing this away and have already bought the enV for $ 350 because I can not deal with this anymore.I think the only good thing about this phone was it 's alarm . It woke me up ALWAYS . That 's about it .
 I have used the Chocolate for about seven months now and it is the worst phone I have ever owned . My husband also bought one and his works wonderfully . However , for me , I am stuck with a phone that calls the last person in my call log ALL THE TIME . I used this phone for an alarm clock -LRB- big mistake -RRB- and as soon as I would hit the End button for the alarm to turn off , it would call my friends , parents , work , et cetera , at 6 in the morning . At one point I was driving home and the phone was closed on the seat next to me . I look over at it , and it has dialed one of my friends . Basicaly I can not afford a new phone and the way I deal with this one is to always have my voicemail be my last call , that way it only annoys me and not others . Other times I can not even access the menu because the touchpad simply does n't work.So from my experience , this phone may work very well for some people , but if you have my luck , you 'll get a phone you want to run over with your car .
 This product is AWFUL !!! I liked it for the first couple months , and then the touch pad just stops working !!! At first it just malfunctioned in the cold , now it just simply does n't work at all half the time . It calls people randomly , screws up when I 'm text messaging , and sometimes I ca n't even make my call because the only SEND button is on the sensor pad -LRB- which DOES NOT WORK !!! -RRB- Do n't buy it , get a phone with BUTTONS !
 I had a Cherry Chocolate and I loved it at first . The navigation wheel did take a little bit to get used to . The problem started about 6 to 8 weeks after I bought the phone . Suddenly the voicemail alert would go off but the phone had never rung and there was no record of the missed call in missed calls . Despite several ` updates ' at the VZW stores , nothing fixed the problem . About 5 months after I bought the phone it died . VZW would only replace the cherry with a cherry and the store was out . After calling customer service and threatening to cancel service , they gave me the mint chocolate ... but with the cherry battery . And , you guessed it , I have had to update the mint numerous times because it does the same thing . A manager at the last VZW store told me that the reason LG redesigned the chocolates is due to the fact that the original version had ` problems ' . A mint phone with a cherry battery is a testament to the poor cust svc from VZW . Save the heartache , either get a different phone or go to t mobile -LRB- their phones are more stylish anyway -RRB- .
 The problems with the chocolate are all in design.The touch pad is the root of * most * of this phone 's issues.First , it is far too sensitive . It sends text messages before you 're finished typing them . It 's annoying/frustrating to navigate to the correct menu because it 's always taking you somewhere you do n't want to go due to the sensitivity . And if you have to press numbers during a call , like when calling your * voice mail * for example , the lock on the touch menu is deactivated and when you put the phone back to your ear , you 're navigating all over the place . And also , the mobile web feature constantly comes up when I do n't want it , all due to the horribly designed touch screen . -LRB- Which I hear is n't really better in the newer models . -RRB- Another issue with the touch screen is the camera . It 's very nearly impossible to take a picture that is n't blurry because of the touch sensitive buttons . You ca n't hold the phone steady because of the way it 's designed . With a regular phone , you could rest your finger on the button to hold it steady , and then press without much movement of the phone . With this one , there 's too much motion ! If you try to touch it softly to minimize the blur , it just does n't take your picture.Another minor quibble/eyesore , is that if you take photos to use as your background , there are huge white bars on the top and bottom . It just does n't cover the entire screen and looks horrible.I also found the design of the mp3 player pretty worthless . But I did like the volume on the ringer and the alarm . I also liked identifying images for individual callers but that 's pretty standard on phones now anyway . Sound quality was * ok * too.But for the most part , this is chocolate covered you-know-what !
 This CAM is very badAnd the reason for adopting the system of the Port com1And I can not run
 I 'll make this short and sweet - this case would only be marginally OK -LRB- clucky , heavy , and difficult to open -RRB- if I could use it , but since any set of earphones/headphones/earbuds that has a connector larger than the standard tiny Apple earbuds renders this case completely useless , as the headphone plug will not fit through the case opening . So my Grados , Sennheisers , Shures and everything I else I have in the house wo n't work with this case . You have been warned !
 I bought this case because it was cheap and it looked good , but it was a big mistake . The case is way to big leaving the iPod room to slide around , and it is VERY hard to open . There is alos a huge hinge on the bottom of the case which makes it look very unappealing . There is also no protection for the wheel.The only think that I can say in favor of this case is that it does do a fair job of protecting the ipod and the screen .
 I had an 80g classic iPod and I really needed a case for it , this one was cheap so I got it , recieved it a few days later and my god it was terribad there was like half a centimetre of extra space around my iPod and it clanked around on the inside . I could n't fit my Skullcandy headphones through the hole even though the jack was almost as small as the iPod headphones themselves . This is a terribad case and I would not reccomend it to anyone .
 I got this new battery . When I started using it the phone just shuts off on its own once in a while.I have to power-on the phone again , then it works fine for a few hours.Then same thing happens.Seems like the battery connections are not good .
 I ordered 2 of these for my and my hubby 's cellphones , only to get an email a week later saying they are out of stock . I did get a refund , but what a waste of time . Why are they on here , saying inventory is available , if actually they have none to sell ? Poor inventory management is all I can guess .
 I got mine for LESS than a buck elsewhere . And the shipping was LESS than five bucks . And the battery I got is not a generic battery . It is an OEM .
 I bought this product with the intention of protecting my SK3 , but the poor quality of plastic definitely will not do much protecting . The display cover piece does not cover the screen , leaving the screen vulnerable to normal everyday usage scratches . -LRB- I was under the impression that the center of the display cover piece was clear . -RRB- As far as aesthetics go , its not bad looking , only adding a bit more bulk to SK3.I purchased a black , crystal red , and white hard case cover . ** If the product description says `` crystal '' next to it , it means the case is translucent . -LRB- Again , I was under the impression that it would be a solid metallic color . -RRB- The original SK3 is silver so the images make the case appear to be solid metallic color . -LRB- This is not the manufacturer 's fault , I just do n't want anyone else to make the same assumption -RRB- ** The black looks pretty good . Very sleek looking . Be careful about which case you choose
 This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it
 It has a samsung logo , but it looks fake after I bought it . The belt clipper tore of the phone holder with no reason .
 I would not use this cellular earbud if they were giving this thing away . Cheaply made with poor sound quality -- spend an extra ten dollars or so for a name brand .
 The battery is not charging . I have put in a new battery too and it still did not charge and makes me believe phone is defective .
 The Motorola box label says `` NEW '' but it is n't . Horrible product . This phone is not new and the attempt at refurbishing is horrible . Glue is visible around some buttons and the fit is sloppy .
 it 's not a new phoneI have never had such a poor shopping experience , description of goods which are new , but what does refurbished . And workmanship is very rough . Junction do not fit , a prominent 1-2mm . The battery cover can not close completely . Too bad !
 Got the phone yesterday and it was a nice looking phone . Exactly what i wanted . Heres the but ... . The battery was warped . Very noticeably warped . Almost ready to explode . I threw it back in the box as quickly as i could , sealed it back and now i have to return it which will probably be such a hassle . I guess i could just purchase another battery to keep from having to go thru that headache . Motorola is really at fault though .
 Received item and affixed it to the Dickies `` holster '' I had purchased . Cost $ 4.99 to buy and $ 4.99 to ship . I noticed the weak spring and small `` catch shoulder '' on the bottom of the clip but thought I 'd give it a try . Within hours I had sat down on my sofa -LRB- leather , if that makes any difference -RRB- and it popped right off . The clip opening was wider than the belt so it `` locked '' over the belt . Thought I 'd still give it another chance . Next day , I had driven to my daughter 's newly purchased building to move in some items for her . No one was there and I had forgotten the keys . Reached for my phone . It was n't there . Drove back to the house and of course the phone was on the sofa.Wanted to return it . So if I return it I will receive a grand total of $ 4.99 . I am out the shipping to and from for what I consider a poorly designed clip .
 after putting up for two weeks with the significant pain caused by wearing this product -LRB- I have a 32 '' waist and no significant `` overhang '' but it really hurt a lot , constantly pinching and bruising my midsection -RRB- it simply stopped working -- just drops off of my belt with the slightest brush against anything -- the spring is completely shot . maybe this works for people who never move at all .
 It 's not bad , but what do you expect for $ 3 or however much it is ? It does connect to the phone , but it does n't QUITE fit as well as I expected it to . Seeing as how I broke my last phone 's contact pins , I 'm not going to risk it with this cable .
 Works to connect the device but with no software that can handle a transfer ... it does nothing except connect . I was hoping that the phone would show up in windows explorer as a mass storage device , now I am searching for software so I can make this work .
 I have Vista on my laptop and do alot of traveling and wanted to connect to internet using USB Date Cable . . software is not compatible with Vista . . waste of money !
 I know others said there are ways to get it to work , but I could n't get it to work . I guess it 's cheap enough to give it a try but I would n't count on it working for you .
 I got the sync cable in only a few days after I ordered it.I tried to revive an LG VX 8300 with no success ; then I tried it on a functioning LG VX 8300 - no communications between the phone and the computer.Bottom line
 I never received the ordered item , but a charger instead . They failed to respond to my email .
 Phone plug in end broke open the next day after I received it , so I put some tape around it to make it work . It stopped working a few days later . I removed the tape to see and found out that one of the wires had come off from its soldered position .
 WITHIN TWO WEEKS OF RECEIVING THIS ITEM , THE BRITTLE THIN PLASTIC CASING ON BOTH THE PLUG AND THE LIGHTER INSERT WERE CRACKED . aFTER THE CONNECTOR THAT PLUGGED INTO THE PHONE CRACKED , IT WAS ENTIRELY UNUSABLE .
 I bought this case because the plastic one that came with it originally cracked and would n't hold the phone securely . But when I read the reviews of the replacement case , they were not good . I will probably go back to the original style again.The major problem for me is that this case design makes the phone stick out from my belt significantly . It catches on things . And for some reason the phone flips open frequently . The second thing I dislike about it is that moisture seems to collect between the clear plastic windows and the phone ... no I do n't swim with it ... I have no idea where this wetness comes from.The good thing ... it looks OK and is what is advertised , which is more than you can say for a lot of stuff these days !
 After a few days of wearing it , the button , which holds the case on the belt clip , came out.I thought that the word `` skin '' in the title would indicate either leather or cowhide . In fact , it is neoprene , a plastic!I would have given the product 0 stars , but , that was not an option .
 the material ripped after 2 weeks of use . So I was forced into getting rid of the cover . This was n't a good purchasable item . But I am still a believer in Amazon . Scott Bingham
 This cable was not supported by my cellphone , I read in someplace that the original Nokia DKU5 -LRB- already discontinued -RRB- was the cable for my E65 , but I should read more , this is a generic , my advise is to be sure that this cable works for your cellphone ...
 It just plain did not work . Nothing else to say . I wasted my money on this .
 I have a Treo 650 , and wanted a headset that paired easily , did n't lose the connection constantly , and had good sound quality . Considering that this is made by Palm for the Treo , I assumed it would be the best choice . Unfortunately , it did n't meet my expectations . The cool-looking metal case is basically a throw-away , the piece that the headset must fit into for charging is just another small piece that can be easily lost -LRB- why ca n't you just plug a charger directly into the headset ?? -RRB- , and the bluetooth pairing is constantly dropping.It is relatively easy to use , comfortable , and the sound quality is ok - though not that impressive . The rubber earpiece is constantly falling off as well.For the price I guess it 's not a bad option , but if this is the best Palm can do I 'm pretty underwhelmed.I guess this goes in-line with the Treo itself in my opinion ... underwhelming .
 I was SO excited to purchase this unit because of its claim of noise cancelling . I thought it was neat too . I did n't have to buy extra charging cables . It used the same chargers I used for my Treo 's . I thought it was nicely compact and the option to charge it with a battery when you did n't have access to a outlet was definitely a plus . After all the hype , I was once again disappointed . It did not have the magical noise cancelling it claimed . Instead , the sound quality was n't all that loud and clear on my end . I often got complaints from callers that they could n't really understand me because I sounded muffled . For whatever reason , I found myself pairing and re-pairing the unit way more than I should 've been . So , I stopped using it and went back to my old Jabra 250v that 's cracked up and dying a slow death . I put this unit it back in its fancy mirrored case to collect dust . It was n't until my best friend told me that she needed a earpiece but did n't have the money to dish out for a good one just yet . I simply shipped her this one and I guess it works for her because she has n't complained to me about it although I can tell when she is using it while talking to me . It does n't sound that bad from my end ... I guess . Bottomline , I would n't recommend this unit .
 This is my worst experience of online shopping in last five years . The product was defective the customer service of CCMAccessries was even more defective than the product . I donot understand why I was given a defective product and why I was made to pay the shipping charges for getting the product and sending it back to the seller .
 Even though I read the reviews here , yes I bought this headset and agree with the other bad reviews . It does n't charge well and would only work when it wanted to . I am returning it back tomorrow at the palm store . Do n't waste your time buying this defective piece of overpriced junk .
 I waited for this thing to become available . Wasted my time . It never would charge with my Palm charger and charged only once with battery set up . The on-off switch is flimsy and the charging methodology is totally crazy ; you have to find a way to prop the charging stand up vertically.Palm makes great cell phone PDAs but should find someone other than Plantronics to make their headsets -LRB- this piece of # @ ?! really tarnishes the Palm name -RRB- .
 This headset is defective by design and/or manufacturing . I recieved two units , one to replace the other , and both had the same problems with charging . One unit gave me hope by charging once , but then never again . I honestly think this product should be recalled .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM . It was overly optimistic of me to think this product would work dispite the other review . The headset would not charge with the included charger . The charger included was a joke , one of the poorest designed products I have ever seen . To make this set up work in anything other than perfect conditions would take an act of god or like diety , or liberal use of duck tape and rubber bands to maintain charger connection . But hey , it looks cool even though 2 cans and a string are more effective .
 I purchased mine from the Palm online store . The actual headset would not snap into the charger so that it would charge effectively . It was more like gravity allowed it to charge . I spent a number of hours trying to get it to work . I called technical support a few times , to get offshort support . After numerous hours and steps , I was told that I had a defective device , and I will be sending it back . Reviewing an online message board , I found out that others had similar problems and that some of the units were defective , and was encouraged to get the new plantronics 655 or the samsung wep 200 . I 'm unhappy with the tech support I received from Palm . After persistently dealing with them , they admitted that the device I had was defective . I expected much more from a company that I have been purchasing from for quite a long time .
 Will not recommend this product at all . Battery doesnt last , is bulky and just not the quality i expected . The case is useful but that is about it .
 I love the earpeice . However , the charger is extremely touchy . When you plug the ear bud into the charger , a red charging light should appear . It takes more than 3 times to get the lite to come on . I do n't think its making a good connection . It will charge-eventually , but only after having played around with it to get it to connect . HUGE URRGGHHH .
 The ad says for aa battery packs but battery pack that comes with this is the size of 3 AAA batteries . I have a 5700 and 5400 series walkie talkies and they both take AA batteries and they have this unit listed as working with these walkie talkies
 I purchased this product after confirming from Motorola Talkabout website -LSB- ... -RSB- that this cradle charger is compatible with MT352R ; but it is not !!! It is actually an upgrade kit for lower end talkabout products.I ca n't return it as I 've taken it out of country.Anyhow , the MT352R comes with a wall charger ; so , this becomes a cradle-stand .
 This product did n't work for our radios when it said they would in the discription . . The seller quickly took care of my claim and all was well ! Just wish they would have worked . . My 8 yr old was disapointed . .
 You put this thing on your phone and three things happen.It turns into a mirror 95 % of the time when you are using.When you can look at your phone , everything is weird looking and straining on the eyes -LRB- weird , distroted colors -RRB- The touch screen becomes less sensitive.The only reason I gave this two stars is because the mirror is useful .
 what can I say , did n't like it and doubt it would protect my moto if I dropped it . lint sticks to it
 THIS STUFF IS TOTALLY DOLLAR STORE STUFF !!!! NOT WHAT I EXPECTED BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 no comment i waited for this product for 2 months i never got it end up getting refund from the store i got charged for shipping and 15 % for restocking I 'll never use this store again
 We have had lots of trouble with the bluetooth ever since installing it -LRB- which was very complicated -RRB- . Dialing a number using the dial is not convenient at all .
 Es increible pero me llego el producto y cuando lo fui a instalar -LRB- en un lugar especializado -RRB- el equipo no funcionaba . NO SIRVE
 bought 1 month ago , everything fine or reasonable beside that the other side almost ca n't hear you , there are very high background noise from the car heard on the other side -LRB- wind , aircondition -RRB- so that it is not tolerable to talk with you . I changed the kit , changed the phone , reinstall , etc. . , eventually they told me that this is how it heard tofay with this technology . my recommendation - do not touch !
 I did not receive the correct item . When notified of the problem , they sent this email
 I love SONY cellphones , but this one is a disaster mainly due to the very poor screen . Not enough light , and whatever you do see on the screen seems to be of very low resolution and low contrast.Very limited menus , although you can download some , it seems . I ca n't rate the other features because I got sick of it just trying to improve the themes , the wallpaper and the lighting . But , it 's lowprice , so not too much money wasted .
 I bought this phone because I wanted a cheap phone . This one is pretty bad . The battery life is poor and it is not user friendly at all . The speaker volume is very low .
 This product says `` U.S. version , '' but there is nothing American about it . Mine came only with Spanish instructions and a foreign electrical cord and adapter that is not UL listed . I will not use it because I consider it unsafe . The description should make it clear that this product was not manufactured for use in the US . I am returning this unit . I bought the w200a directly from Sony Ericksson and it is exactly what I expected .
 So I ordered this phone a few days before the latest warning comments were written . My phone seems to be from Russia , or somewhere else they use Cyrillic script . The charger provided does not fit US wallsockets . That is the dealbreaker right there . If I had n't been replacing a Sony Ericsson w810i and still had a charger that fit , I WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO EVEN CHARGE THE PHONE . It was simply luck on my part that this phone could even work for me . !! Thankfully , when I inserted my SIM card , it let me choose English as my language of choice , and everything is working fine , due to me having a correct charger.However , I 'm sure some of you would n't be so lucky . I 'd recommend ordering this phone thorough the official Sony Ericsson website for just about ... 15 $ more , I think , and not having to waste time and energy on this seller.As for the phone itself , I 'd give it a 4 star , due to crappy camera and annoying center/control button , but I feel it 's more important to warn others of this seller .
 This phone works terribly ... although I do not think it is due to the quality of the product itself . Being an unlocked phone , it came loaded with software from the service provider of whatever country it came from . It came from a spanish speaking country and the internet software , games , and some other items are in spanish only . Even if you configure the phone to English it seems to operate in a sort of `` Span-glish '' . Audio quality and reception are sub-par . Internet is simply impossible to use . If you purchase an unlocked phone it may be wise to buy one of USA origin -LRB- if even possible -RRB-
 My girlfriend had an iphone that she ran over -LRB- dont ask how -RRB- and i bought her this phone to hold her over till she can afford a new one . When i got this everything is in spanish . All the books and cd is in spanish . The phone itself was in spanish . I finally found the settings and changed it to english , but all the alerts and alarms were in spanish still . I got little to no reception . 90 % of the day the phone would read , emergency calls only . It feels very cheap like your gon na break it just dialing a phone number . My girlfriend used it for 2 days and i finally threw it away . On the plus side it did come with headphones and lets you download quite a bit of music to it . Also the wall charger was these two thin prongs , but came with an adaptor to fit in regular outlets . I dont know what country uses this plug in but i can make one guess . I dont recommend this phone for anyone unless your in dire need of a cheap phone fast .
 Although this product is AT&T `` compatible '' , the seller fails to say that this product is not AT&T `` approved '' . When attempting to activate , it was discovered that it costs much more to use an `` unapproved '' device .
 I am returning this midget sized unlocked cellphone . It lacks everything that a working Man needs for his everyday work week . Do not be mislead by all the fancy options that come with this pint sized downgraded version of the famous walkman . In this case it is simply a matter of what you get for the money that you have spent .
 Do n't be fooled because it is made by PalmOne and made for the Treo 650 . This product is terrible . You would think that it would be a great product since it comes from the manufacturer of the hardware that fits in it . This is not so . The camera is not revealed . You have to unsnap the top strap and fold down the back falp to use the Camera . You have to unsnap it whenever you need to to beam or receive a beam . Unsnapping it will eventually lead to you forgetting to snap it back and you will drop the Treo 650 sooner or later . The top right corner is not covered . If you drop it while it is in the case the corner is not protected . Krusell makes a better case than PalmOne .
 I 've owned this case for about a year . I think it 's an attractive case . However the snap that holds the Treo in the case is weak and has opened many times causing the Treo to fall out and land on the ground . In addition to dinging the Treo , this has led to styli falling out and occasionally getting lost.I do NOT recommend this case if you intend to wear your Treo using the belt clip because the snap is too weak . If you 're keeping it in your purse or briefcase , it should be fine .
 I love my new treo 650 , but this headset is the pits . The sound is ok , but you practically have to yell for the other party to hear you ... and if you 're speaking to an automated system just forget it ... not only do you have to yell , but you also have to hold the mic up to your lips with your hands and anunciate every syllable.I purchased a Jabra headset and it works great .
 you got your money 's worth ... just buy the real one , saves you a headache
 I had problems with my PC recognizing my Treo with the cable . After spending considerable time in configuration I finally got it to work .
 How can you review the product when it never arrived ??? The seller certqainly rates a big red `` F ''
 This cable is an accessory for another Palm product that happens to `` fit '' the Treo . But it does n't have a hotsync button on it -LRB- you have to use the hotsync icon on the Treo -RRB- . No big deal , but in my case it did n't work and I had to return it . I do not believe this should be marketed as a Treo accessory -- it even comes tagged with the name of another Palm product .
 low price , poor design item.it does not mate securely with my treo making connecting it an `` art . `` pay more for a real treo connector .
 I only gave it a one star ... because it is not the product they represented . Wish I had read the reviews . I gave it one because it works ... hard to insert but works.I wanted the one with the sync button . But my dog actually ate my old one and well ... this will work till I can get a real cable . Very disappointed ... but is my own fault ... should have read the reviews .
 I received the product quickly and the price was great . However , I ca n't get it to work . It fails to connect my phone to my PC . I have a tech support ticket logged at SFPlanet . We 'll see if they can help .
 The cable I received is not the one pictures and would not work with the Plam Treo 650 . I am unsure of what it was for .
 does not connect handheld to the desktop most of the time . it does charge the handheld , but more than that , no .
 The reason I wanted a thin soft case was obviously not to protect my ipod against bumps and drops , but rather , to protect the screen -- the video screen -- from scratches . I really do n't mind if the back gets scratched or the click wheel gets a scratch on it ... I want the screen to be free of scratches so I can watch video clearly . When this case came , I was confused and shocked to learn that someone would make a case that protects every part from scratches except the screen . I 'm sure if I go back and read the product description , this is explained somewhere and I just missed it . However , it baffles me what the purpose is of protecting everything but the screen . I 'm obviously going to have to read the descriptions better as I look for a an ipod cover to protect the screen .
 The battery was used ! It was dirty with heavily scratched connectors -LRB- sign of a long term use -RRB- . I contacted the seller and was told that this is impossible and all the batteries they sell are new . I was asked to send the product back for 85 % refund . The amount of the refund is less then the shipping cost . Looks like some of the reviewers was satisfied with the product . The battery I received died in 2 hours -LRB- with one phone call -RRB- after fully charged . So I guess it is a matter of luck buying from those people .
 I placed my order and waited for the batteries to arrive . They never did . I tried to use the tracking number supplied by the vendor but the Post Office informed me that I had to contact vendor . I sent 2 emails to the vendor and got no response . I called the Credit Card Company and canceled the transaction . A few days later I got an email from the vendor stating that I gave the wrong shipping address , yeah right . I replied asking them to provide the shipping address used . Never heard anything back from them . This was my first purchase from an Amazon Vendor and it will probably be my last .
 The problem is n't that it is a Motorola lithium battery , the problem is that it is a used battery sold as new . After two weeks the battery would n't hold a charge .
 These batteries are defective . We just purchased one and the cell phone still did n't work . My husband went to the AT&T store and the salesman checked the battery for him . He said the battery was dead . If you like to pay for dead batteries then this company is the place you are looking for .
 I only get two days on standby with my new Motorola BR50 battery for my RAZR phone . The reason is that Motorola stopped making them years ago and even if not used at all and still in factory packaging , they have died on the shelf after a year or more of storage.You may be better off buying a recently produced off brand non OEM non Motorola manufacturer like Lexmar at this point in time . My Lexmar battery showed up with a near full charge on it which speaks volumes .
 Was disappointed because the battery did not hold a charge . I bought a second one and had the same issue.Ended up getting a new cell phone .
 This battery served me for a short time indeed -LRB- a few months -RRB- . It is still sort of okay , not dead - but I am finding that I have to charge it more and more often which is annoying . A good battery should hold it 's charge longer . So maybe this is crap after all as so many of the reviews seem to indicate . I decided to try this cheapo one first because my AT&T ; store first tried to talk me into a new phone -LRB- I like my Razr phone -RRB- and then tried to sell me a new battery for $ 50 . I have now found a comparable Duracell battery for my Razr phone that costs about $ 21 . including shipping . The reviews say this is better than the original battery . Worth a try - Duracell is a good company .
 Guys ... save your money and dont buy this one . It is a waste of time , money and environment . Also avoid the seller .
 My sisters phonecame with a battery ofcourse and it lasted for about 2/half years & then just died.So i bought so about a month ago when it wouldnt start it is an cheap price which means i ordered in july and today it has died again.So a month only isnt worth unless you want to keep your phone for a month and then get a new one . Doesnt last long at all . Better to just get a new phone .
 This battery held a charge for less time than the one that originally came with it . Waste of your money .
 I received what was to be a new battery for my cell phone . First of all , it did not look like the picture . Second , when I placed it in my cell phone and charged it -LRB- all night -RRB- , it did not hold a charge at all . I would make a call and it would start beeping as if it were low during the entire conversation . It did n't matter if it was 1 minute call or 10 minutes . I would not recommend this product .
 Batterys did not hold a charge . After one or two breef calls battery was drained ofpower . My old battery holds a better charge . -LRB- This battery is 5 years old . -RRB- Would not purchase again.Rick
 Battery does not hold a charge . Phone is dead after a couple of hours -LRB- standby , not talking ! -RRB-
 Read the description VERY CLOSELY . I do n't know what uses this battery.It is NOT the MOTORAZR2 V9X . It wo n't fit.So now I 've got a cute play thing ' e to piddle with .
 This BR50 battery is worthless junk . On the same day , I ordered 2 batteries from 2 different Amazon vendors . The BX40 cost me less than $ 4.00 shipped and I got it in less than 1 week . It holds a charge for 3 + days depending on the usage . The BR50 cost almost $ 7.00 , took almost 1 month to receive -LRB- slow boat from China I guess -RRB- and holds a charge for less than 8 hours .
 I have been waiting on this item since Aug. 1 , it is Sept. 12 . hope it comes soon . I ca n't believe it would take this long
 In February I bought a battery for $ 3.50 through but not from Amazon . It was dated and was not fresh , is failing after a few months . This $ 24.99 battery is the same item as the $ 3.50 one . The date on it indicates that it is 10 months old . It is the BR 50 , black and white with the Motorola logo , not as pictured above.I returned this battery and have the option of ordering another dated , under $ 10 battery or paying $ 40 for one whose manufactured date I can inspect , from the AT&T ; store .
 The price was cheap . The battery keeps a charge for 1 day & that 's it . I keep the phone on for about 12 hours a day & on the 2nd day , the battery is dead after about 4 hours . It holds a charge about as long as the one I had before , which is a year old now . There is no manufacture date on this new battery , so it 's probably just as old as my other one .
 I was trying to order a battery for my motorola triumph cell phone . This was unfortunately the wrong size battery that was described in the site .
 Was n't sure about ordering the replacement battery . Received it quick and it 's been working like a charm !
 Was disappointed . I thought this was a great deal , however , the battery does n't hold a charge for more than a couple hours .
 I wanted to replace my 1 year old battery in my Motorola Razr . I found many batteries that were over $ 35 . I found one battery which said it was an OEM for under $ 4.00 . I guess you get what you pay for.The battery holds a charge very well , except when you make a phone call . After one call the battery is saying it needs to be recharged . I 'm back to using my 1 year old battery , it holds a charge longer then the new one .
 This is the 3rd `` OEM '' battery I bought via Amazon Marketplace -- as with the others , it was terrible . I ordered form the OEM shop a BR50 . They sent a BR56 which is supposed to be even better with 3 hours talk time . It did not last 30 minutes after a complete overnight charge . Nowhere as long as the battery I am trying to replace which lasts over an hour instead of the original 21/2 hours.OEM sent a counterfeit fake battery -- not OEM . How can you tell ? Because Motorola OEM batteries are made in Japan . These say clearly that they are made in china . I had the same problem and returned the same battery from Wireless Phone Accessories and Batteries4Less.AMAZON _ - you should be screening these sellers and addressing these issues . There are a ton of posts under every single one of the Motorola Razr battery listing that say they got bad or counterfeit batteries.Theses companies make their money by selling junk , counting on the Amazon customer not to feel it is worth the hassle to return it . For every one I have to return I lose an hour of my time . My time is worth more than th $ 10 I get ripped off for . But I do it anyway b/c hopefully at some point AMAZON is going to take responsibility for the conduct of their market sellers . AMAZON 's new logo is to become the most customer centric company on earth . Well AMAZON , you can start here
 Bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective . This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . Consider yourself warned .
 Sadly , I read the reviews after I placed my order for the Slim Li Ion Battery for the Motorola RAZR V3 . I saw where BargainCell had substituted a cheaper BR 50 battery . Well , they did that on my order and now it 's going back.The BR 50 received even worse reviews and is available for $ 0.67 all over the internet . YES , THAT 'S 67 CENTS!Stay away from these scammers at BargainCell .
 The first few re-charges were excellent . One full-charge -LRB- over-night -RRB- lasted 3/4 days . However , after couple weeks , it needs to be re-charged every single day ... not a good one . Suspect the other good reviews from people submitted the reviews too early .
 I bought 2 of these batteries , each from a different seller . These 2 plus the one that originally came with the phone made 3 which I rotated so that I 'd get equal use from the 3 . The 2 batteries worked great at first , but after 2 months , one of them would not take charge . At first I thought it was the charger , but when I proved that the other batteries took charges , I was 100 % sure it was the battery . Given that I was n't using my phone much during the 2 months , and that I was rotating among the 3 batteries and that I get 3 days use before I get a low-bat signal , I would say that I used this battery in question a total of 12 days . One reviewer says it has a one year shelf life and if one is lucky to buy a fresh one , then one might get a full year use out of it . I looked at the battery with a magnifier to see if there is any information of the date the item was manufactured , and I could not find any . So , short of going to a T-Mobile or a Cingular store , how does one get a fresh one from Amazon ?
 I purchased three of these batteries and each one would not last through one day in standby -LRB- not making calls -RRB- before it went dead . I thought I had a problem with my RAZR V3M so I took it in and was informed that these batteries do not have enough milliamps required for the RAZR . They replaced it with the correct battery and I have been using that one now for over a year with no problem .
 Do not buy this product !!! The batteries are not real . They loose their charge after the first 5 min phone call you make .
 I needed a battery for my razr3 cell phone and with a total for the battery and shipping less than $ 6 I gave it a shot . The battery had a low charge and I could n't charge it any higher . So I shut off my phone when I 'm not using it and charge it every couple of days . It was n't worth sending it back , so I just made due .
 Battery arrived dead and was n't able to be charged in my phone . mMy advice ? use your money to get a real Motorola battery , not an after market .
 I received my battery within 3 days , however the life span of the battery was about 2 weeks and then it died ! I was thankful I only paid $ 5 for it ! I suggest putting the money into buying a new battery vs. buying from amazon !
 Right from the start the battery lasted no more then 5 minutes . I got ripped off .
 I bought this Razar battery through Amazon and received it in non-working form . My experience with Amazon has not been good . Despite the above items might not be expensive purchases , I expect to get service for the money I have spent , especially in these bad economic times . I wish that Amazon would check the merchandise before releasing it to customers .
 I got the battery at my moms house . Put it in and lasted a few days , then the phone would not work . I wont know what the real problem is till I get to LA and have it checked out .
 Really old batteries.As they say , I guess sometimes you do get what you pay for.Cheap and work but not good battery life .
 Does not seem like a new battery . Did not hold the charge as long as the one I replaced it with
 I 'm very disappointed in the performance of these units.I think they were rejects from the factory production runs.They do n't hold a charge worth a darn .
 Not much more to say , the phone does n't get much use and we feel it should hold a charge longer based on how the original battery we got with the phone performed .
 I ordered from this company and I NEVER got the package ! I will never order from this company again . Amazon had to give my money back .
 I bought this battery to replace the original -LRB- probably 8 yr . old -RRB- . This new one does n't hold a charge any longer than the original . Not a good purchase .
 Slim Li Ion Battery for the Motorola RAZR V3This battery was purchased new through Amazon . It does not hold a charge more then two days even with the phone turned off during the overnight hours . It took my old battery more then a year to do that ! You get what you pay for !! I give this battery one star -LRB- A Poor Value -RRB- .
 This battery is so disappointing . The first day it was good , and then next morning , completely out , and the cell phone is down . It can never last two days . I am hoping to get a replacement , but just do not want to deal with the shipping/returning for a small item .
 This is the 2nd battery I have ordered in the last couple of months and neither one will last all day without recharging . I am very disappointed with the performance of your product .
 Extremely low battery life with this replacement battery . Need to charge every day at least once . Reaches a half life extremely quick , probably 3 months or so .
 company sent a BR50 which has a lower MAH rating . sure it fit but it was not the battery listed and thus not the battery i purcahsed . notified seller that it was bait and switch and seller gave a full refund .
 Batteries installed and it was noted that they displayed RED on phones battery indicator . Neither battery will hold a charge more than two days .
 This is the second time I post a review on this item , the first time it got deleted do n't know why , the thing is that this battery was suposed to be new , and it came in a little plastic bag with obvious signs or usage.It wo n't hold charge , and for the ones saying this batteries wo n't hold charge even when new , well the first one i had , could hold it , for over 3 days , so no.Any way , just steer clear from this one , and search something else.Hope this does n't get deleted this time.Dr . Munoz
 This battery did n't hold a charge any better than my old one . If I leave the phone on -LRB- no talking/texting -RRB- it only lasts about 24 hrs . Not worth it .
 The product is new and the price is great -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . My only problem was the shipping -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . They ship with the Postal Service . The Postal service has the worst tracking service . My other issue was that I e-mailed the seller several different times about the shipping . I still have not heard anything from the seller -LRB- 0 Stars -RRB- . The price was great , but the lack of contact from the seller would make me think twice about buying from them . It took about 2 weeks to get the battery .
 the battery displayed in this picture was manufactured in dec of 2003 . Is that what they would send me ??????????????
 although it said it was a factory replacement for my phone , the V3xx , it does n't fit quite right , and it does n't hold a charge overnight if the phone is left on ... Just not sure about the quality of these motorola batteries ...
 The battery held even less of a charge than the battery it was replacing . I have switched back to the original . I lost two bars of charge in less than an hour and only talked on the phone for 20 minutes . Not worth the effort or the $ 10 .
 I purchased a Li-Ion battery from Eforcity for my RAZR v3 phone . I posted the following feedback on February 13th
 The battery was advertised as new and at a very low price . However , the battery I was replacing holds a charge longer than the two new batteries I purchased . I bought two batteries because the price seem too good to be true , and it was . I should have known better , and now you do ! Do n't purchase these batteries .
 I purchased this battery and upon receipt , noticed that the battery was already over a year old -LRB- 2006 production date . -RRB- After the first charge , the phone lasted 3 days . Now after 4 weeks the battery barely lasts for one day with 15 minutes of talk time . Do n't waste your money !
 Bought two of these batteries . One came discharged and would n't take a charge.The second would charge but only last one day in standby . If you used the phone it would last only a few minutes . I called the vendor who sent two replacements . They both last about 2 days in standby . These things are junk . Do n't throw your money away .
 The Slim Li Ion battery for the RAZR V3 is a poor choice . After being fullycharged , the battery last for only 30 hours in standby mode.The 3 year old battery that I was replacing would last 3 days in standby . The pricewas too low and I should have known better .
 Found that after a few weeks of receiving this battery it started to loose its charge rappidly . It was only a few bucks and I suppose you might get one that works well , but in my case it turned out that I got what I paid for .
 The battery has not lasted longer than the one I wanted to replace which was one year old . Battery shipped without any retail packaging and looked used . There is no way this could be a new battery and only stay charged for such a short time
 Batteries are very poor quality . Web page shows up to 300 hours standby but will only hold up to 24 hours on stand by . Have sent several emails to SF Planet requesting if they stock an extended battery for the Motorola razr v3 GSM , cingular . I am still waiting on a reply . They have issued an RMA number but before I return I have rrquested an inquiry if they stock the extended battery . If they do not I will try someone else .
 the battery was fine between the first two charges after that was holding only for a day or so still better than the old battery but i expect in 3 mounts it 's gon na die
 I purchased this because , after 3 years , my old RAZR battery would only hold a charge for about 20 hours . So I inserted this battery , and after 4 charges , it will still not hold a charge as long as my old battery .
 Despite buying a new battery , the battery barely lasted 4-5 months . Any new battery lasts for at least a year but this one worked fine only for 4-5 months . Now this battery lasts only 10-15 minutes of talk time despite full charge . Bad Buy ... I wo n't recommend this ever .
 The batteries do n't have any more life than the batteries being replaced . At least I have an affordable replacement to put in each day or day and a half .
 These batteries are junk . Too bad they only last a day . I guess for the price I wo n't be returning . Save your money .
 This battery did absolutely no good . My Motorola cell phone battery still will not hold a charge . I get one 30-minute call and then the phone battery is dead . Did not work for me at all .
 I bought this ClearPro headset and a very similar Plantronics headset -LRB- that cost more -RRB- at the same time . Tried them side by side , and to my surprise , both the sound quality of the earpiec and the voice quality on the microphone was appreciably better on this inexpensive headset than the Plantronics one.However , I only got to try once
 The headset worked fine , but the pins on the connector snapped off after two months , rendering it unusable .
 I ordered the Blue Ant X5i from Shopcell - an Amazon market place vendor . While the product was delivered promptly enough , alas - it would n't even switch on.My first step was to call `` BLUEANT '' customer support -LRB- North America -RRB- . After a moderate wait I was able to get a live support rep. We went over diagnostics , but within the first minute of the call , his question was `` How much did you pay for this product ? '' . . When I answered $ 30 on Amazon.com - his response was '' Must have been refurbished ! - send it back to the seller !! '' ... When I mentioned the description says - brand new and it arrived in new packaging his answer did n't change.At this point - it became pretty obvious that he 'd lost all interest in the call and wanted to just get me off the phone ... Then I asked about their product warranty - I even have a product warranty card - he said , `` call the seller first or return it to them ! '' ... What kind or condescending product support/warranty is this - product support has no business asking about product price ... I highly doubt their product warranty means anything to them or - or even if they will stand behind it.Their product support and brand standards are probably just like their product - substandard and indifferentUnfortunately I ca n't give them less than 1 star
 overall this product is just lacking in functionality . It becomes very staticy and just does n't stay well in your ear . For the money I would go a little higher and buy a little better .
 This headset is very heavy and can not be used without the earhook-but the earhook is enormous and causes the BlueAnt to just flap in the wind . The sound was good though .
 The earpiece does not stay in my ear at all -LRB- guess I have small ears -RRB- . I have to use the extra piece that goes over your ear , which gets my hair caught in it.The sound quality is ok , but when you answer a call with the headset or transfer a call to it , the person on the other end hears a loud squeal.I also thought the USB charger would have the small USB connection , but instead it has a unique plug on one end and USB on the other.I will be looking for something new .
 I had waited quite awhile to get this battery , only to have it be the wrong thing when I finally got it . This battery does not fit in the LG C1500 ! I am very disappointed .
 I read some bad reviews on this item , but decided that for the price , I could risk it . Unfortunately it did n't work at all for me , so it was a bust .
 Hi All , To the point . This does not work for me at all . My PC/Laptop does n't even recognize my treo when it 's connected . Please do n't waste your money .
 When I purchased this product the advertisment showed a `` sync '' button . When the product got to my house there was no button making it rather hard to sync my treo to the computer .
 I see it has worked for other reviewers , but not for me . Just a useless cord for me . -LRB- Bought from Eforcity , not Palm -RRB- . No software included .
 Just a few things to note : - The item I received matched the description , but is n't the one pictured in the product image . It 's a different color and little bulkier than that one , but that 's not a problem . - The item I received is clearly not `` Brand New . '' I suppose it works as a brand new one would , but it 's clear from the scuffing on the bottom -LRB- and the scratch on the front -RRB- that it 's been used before . This would n't be a point of contention , if this item 's title were n't `` Brand New Palm Treo ... USB Sync ... '' - The included AC adapter plug does n't fit snugly into the dock . It goes in , but not all the way , as one would expect the plug to . And yes , the AC adapter cord is oddly short . You may also want to pick up an extension cord . - The description never claimed it had one , but it 's important to note that the dock lacks a HotSync button . You 'll need to manually navigate into the HotSync app on your Palm after plugging it in and initiate the sync that way -- so you do n't get that ` plug it in and press the button ' convenience that you may get with other Palm docks.But , barring all of that ... it works .
 I bought this product about a year ago . After about three months , it would n't `` dock '' correctly , because the prongs where it docks had sunk into the docking piece . I was able to open up the dock piece and put some folded up paper in it so that the prongs stuck out enough for me to dock my Treo . Every now and then I have to jiggle it so the paper gets realigned.After about four months , the AC plug fell apart . Like I can see all the wires and everything inside . Well , they used to be inside . Now they just hang all over the place . It 's especially annoying because the cord is short , so they are in the way.I 've been able to jury-rig it so that it still works , but it is just a complete pain in the neck . I would spend a few more dollars and buy a better quality one -LRB- with longer cords -RRB- than this , if I were you . Actually , I am going to spend some extra now , since I am buying a replacement for the one I own !
 I received this and found that I ca n't plug it into the wall and the computer at the same time , according to the instructions . I also found that the connector slid down into the housing after using it only 2 days . Now it wo n't connect at all . I am currently requesting a refund and will try the Palm Cradle instead .
 Did not work , sent it back for a refund . Would NOT buy from this vendor again .
 I have a Motorola E815 , which it says it is compatible with , but it fried my battery . I bought a new battery and the right charger and my phone is working fine now .
 So cheaply manufactured it pulled apart when I tried to unplug it AND you have to pay return postage , to return it , in order to get your refund .
 Only one earbud works . As for the product which consist of two earbuds and one mic it is or poor quality or poor QA.Apart for it it works fine .
 if i rejected , how im supposed to review a rejected service ??!!
 While this is a very cute and nice looking case , it does not fit the Nokia Lumia 900 as advertised !!! It took me about 10 minutes to shove the Lumia in there , at which point it was impossible to get out . Do not get for this phone ! For another smaller phone -LRB- it fits by boyfriend 's iPhone quite nicely -RRB- this seems like a nice case .
 The portable charger in this pack does not fit the LG VX 8300 phone !
 Was n't overly optimistic , but for the price if it did n't work , I would n't be disappointed.It did n't work and I was n't disappointed .
 I also wanted to like this phone like the other reviewers . I 've had this phone for almost 3 weeks , but it 's going back to Cingular . It has a great looking design , and on paper it looks to be loaded with lots of neat features . BUT : - The battery in this phone drains very QUICKLY . I should have realized this b/c the specs on the phone rate the talk time at 3.5 hours for UMTS mode and 5 hours for GSM mode . Compare that to the Sony W810i -LRB- 9 hrs talk time ! -RRB- . I have n't figured out how to keep the phone in GSM mode so that the battery might last longer . - Good luck with the micro SD memory card used on this phone . Just do a Google search on `` problems with LG CU500 memory card '' and you will see what I mean ! The biggest problem is the error message `` card not ready . '' IF you get past that hurdle , a lot of people still complain that the card takes way too long to store data , or gives other errors . I think manufacturers are rushing these new phones to market way too quickly , complete with all the bugs.Sorry , I felt I must warn people out there . BEWARE of these problems . Other than those gripes , the phone had great clarity and volume in the earpiece . If you 're not tech-savvy and all you care about is using the phone as a phone , you 'll be OK , but the wimpy battery is still going to annoy you .
 I had this phone for about 2-3 weeks and ended up trading it in . I liked the features and the look & feel of the phone , but was not happy with this phone in particular , -LRB- there are other phones out there that have most of the same features -RRB- . Here 's why I returned it :1 . Ascending ring . - Couldnt hear it at first until it finally gets louder .2 . The phone would go silent on me or the person on the other end alot . And no , it was n't a problem with Cingular 's service because I have had other phones that have worked just fine in the same areas and I was n't traveling at the time of these happenings . I would be just sitting at home , talking , and suddenly the person on the other end would be like , `` hello ?? '' I could hear them , they could n't hear me ! This happened 3 times during one phone call !!! Thats not acceptable to me when I 've had a Motorola , a Nokia , and a Sony Ericson phone before and did not have this problem !! 3 . While the rotating camera is a cute idea , it is also a pain since it rotates way too easily in my opinion.I ended up returning this LG phone for a Razr v3xx , which I love ! I 've never had a razr before , but am so happy with it , -LRB- had it now for 2 weeks -RRB- ! I do like to give phones a chance before I just return them , and I wont be returning the Razr . It has alot of the same features as this CU500 , without the above problems !
 LG offers a music player , a video camera with basic picture editing capabilities and internet connection in a small device that sometimes may work as a phone.The best feature of the LG CU 500 is by far the Internet connectivity . It 's 3-G is extremely fast and user friendly . Screen is good for watching news , videos and whatever 's available on the corresponding network . As a camera is OK , not many features and no flash . Photo editing is basic but adequate for the average user.Battery life was not what LG or Cingular/ATT claimed and an extended battery is not available . When surfing the web or in constant talk time , lasts one hour on the average . Standby mode will last 36 hours if no calls are made and the internet is not used.The other problem is the phone reception . Although the bars may indicate full strength , the signal is very poor and callers will complain that they barely hear you . This is not limited to indoors or steel buildings ; happens everywhere -LRB- at least in South Florida -RRB- . Stay away from this phone and consider one of the `` Berries '' instead . I had mine for six months and three batteries.UPDATE 12/07
 I 've owned Samsung phones for the past few years and I thought I was getting a heck of a deal with this LG phone but all I got was a stupid toy . You can do a lot of stuff with it like load music , create cool ringtones , etc. but the one thing that it does n't do is give you clear reception . People can never hear you because you . You 've seen that commercial where the guy talks to that girl and half way through she ca n't hear him , well that 's exactly what will happen to you with this phone . Worse decision I ever made buying this phone . I should have stuck with Samsung ! Beware buyers , you 'll want to toss it out your window .
 At first , the phone seemed like it was going to be great . Cool features , cool design , speaker volume was great . The only thing that truly annoyed me about the phone is the annoying little conformation chime that CAN NOT BE TURNED OFF !?! Are you kidding me . Unless you have the phone on silent or vibrate and you change a setting , delete something , send a message , etc it makes an annoying LOUD chime . And as I said , it ca n't be turned off . Now to the best of the worst of the phone ! Whenever talking to someone on the phone , they hear the most obnoxious humming/buzzing sound ever . You know that sound that speakers make when your cell phone is near them and it 's about to ring ? That weird humming/buzz noise ? Yeah , that 's exactly what the other person on the line hears . And it 's quite loud , loud enough that at times I ca n't even be heard . Oh and not to mention dropped calls . There have been several times when this thing has dropped a call 3 or 4 times in a row . Talk about annoying . Other times it 'll drop a call once and then I can call back and get back to the conversation ... but i mean ... seriously?Bottom line
 I 've had this phone for going on 4 days now . I 've pretty much made up my made to take it back and exchange for something different . Do n't get me wrong , this is a nice phone . It seems to be pretty durable , except for the flimsy cover that is on the charging port - it will break off , I 'm 100 % sure of that . It 's a nice looking phone ... I held it up to the Samsung Sync and in my opinion it looks better then that due to the Sync looks like a toy due to the plastic . For the price , the phone has a ton of features ! I 'm not going to go and list pro 's / con 's but I will touch base on why I am not satisfied with this phone . Since these features or non features are not listed when you go into the store.Why I am returning : - The ring is ascending ONLY ! There is no way to fix this ... by the time its loud enough for me to hear it , the caller has hung up -LRB- VERY annoying -RRB- - Ring tones are horrible - You can not customize your contacts . Meaning no assignable ring tones or photo ID . - Every time you go to write a text message , and you have to stop or start over , it saves to draft . - A very annoying alert tone every time you access something from a menu . For instance , take a picture and then go to options to delete or send - you get an annoying chime.So if any of these issues are important for you to have on a phone , then do n't buy this one . If they do n't really matter then check it out cause you will probably enjoy this phone .
 this phone is by far the worst phone i have ever purchased . the guy at the cingular store recomended it to me and now since iam out of the 30-day return gap , they wont switch me a new phone . the phone has horrible reception and it always drops my calls , compared to my mom 's nokia from the 90 's which has perfect reception .
 not a bad phone , but if you want to move files to your phone , and photos back to your computer . I have had other phones , and they came with a cable for making transfers to my PC . This should be standard with any phone that plays MP3s , but LG insists that you buy their software at addictional costs , and the cable too . I refuse to do this , so in order to move my files , I have to remove the battery , YES , remove the battery to access the memory card . Then remove the card and plug into my all-in-one card reader . This works fine , but not really worth it for just a few pics . In hindsight , I would have went with a different phone , but was not given much choice , since this was a warranty exchange from cingular .
 I absolutely hate this phone . Everyday it makes me want to throw it out my window . I switched to Cingular from Sprint in August strictly because most of the people I talk to have Cingular and I kept going over my minutes . So I did n't really like any of the phones they had in-store -LRB- I went to 3 -RRB- and I did n't want the Razor and the guy told me that this was the best phone they had and it would definitely get better reception than the Razor . BULL . I am missing having Sprint with my beautiful tiny silver Samsung , I think it was the A670 -LRB- that Cingular does not have -RRB- .1 . The reception sucks , and it 's not Cingular . My boyfriend and his sister both have Cingular , they live out in the sticks and they both get service just fine and I do n't . He has a Nokia , she has the Razor .2 . Half the time it says I have full service but it wo n't ring . So I miss most of my calls and txts cuz the stupid thing does n't ring .3 . You ca n't assign Ringtones to particular people ! What the heck , this phone has an MP3 player but you ca n't assign ringtones , which I did n't realize 'till I already purchased 3 . I called LG and they said you could only assign them to groups , which I did exactly how they told me to and I could never get it to work .4 . My old phone had lights on the outside that would blink if you missed a call or a msg , and you could have the option of having it actually beep if you missed a call or a msg , this phone does n't do that so I am constantly having to check it .5 . It is really quiet , both the ring and the voice , and the speakerphone is n't that loud . By boyfriends 4 year old Motorola he had before his new Nokia had a way better speaker .6 . It has the absolute worst battery life in the world . Sometimes I wo n't use it all day , I wo n't even open it , and the batter will be dead . What the heck is up with that?The only good thing I can say about it is that I like the big screen and the picture quality is really good . It would have been nice to not have to buy the cord to download the pictures separately though , the phone was nearly $ 200 , they could have at least thrown the cord in , or at least the car charger , I had to buy that too , which was $ 30 and quit working about 3 months after having it.I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone , I do n't know if it 's LG or just the model but it is the cause of major frustration for me every single day ! If I could give it zero stars I would have .
 I just wanted to share my opinion of this phone with anyone who is currently looking for a phone with these type of capabilities . I 'll be honest , I thought I did my homework when I first purchased the phone approx . one year ago ... I read the negative reviews , but most of the reviews were positive , so I opted to purchase this phone.One year later ... it 's the negative aspects of the phone that is the most disturbing . YAY ! The phone plays music ... most do nowadays . YAY ! The phone takes excellent pictures ... I still take my digital camera with me on vacation ... YAY ! Internet access is wicked fast ... The phone does these things very well ... YAY for LG.But really ... the main reason anyone purchases a phone is make and receive PHONE CALLS , not take pictures , videos , etc , etc , etc. . This is where the most negative elements of the phone come up.Negative aspect # 1
 I got a LG CU500 about 6 months ago from Amazon . The phone worked great and suited my needs , but it started going haywire a couple of weeks ago . For some reason , the phone would call the last person I talked to while it was closed and in my pocket . This is a flip phone and there are no buttons on the side or front of the phone that allow you to place calls , so it was not a case of me accidentally pressing on one of the buttons in my pocket . I just took the phone to my local AT&T store , and they showed me that barely touching the headphone jack on the side of the phone brings up the recent calls menu and dials my last call . The people at AT&T informed me that I am not the first person they have seen with this problem and the only way I can get it fixed is for AT&T to send me a replacement phone . This has been a very annoying problem and I am glad I am getting a new phone .
 This phone drops calls on a regular basis , and is for all practical purposes barely usable as a phone . I 've had mine replaced 2 times and the sim card swapped out several times as well . Still , it drops calls again and again , probably 20 % of calls end in a drop . I ended up purchasing another phone a full retail and junking mine!A couple of other gripes about this phone include : - The ring tones are terrible so plan on buying one . - The ringer volume starts low and get 's louder on each successive ring and you ca n't change this . If the phone is in another room , by the time it 's loud enough to hear , you wo n't catch the call . - You ca n't turn the chime off for text messages , even when the phone is in silent mode for say a movie or meeting , your phone will chime when you get a text message . - The speaker/earpiece is loud , but for some reason still hard to hear.On the plus side , the 3G internet is fast and it can tether to the computer and make a not so bad and cheap wireless modem for a laptopLG ? Never again ...
 I `` upgraded '' from an old nokia 6010 that was working perfect for over 4 years to a LG cu500 That ca n't even stay connected for more than a minute ! Dropped calls like crazy . People on the other end keep hanging up on me because they could not hear me ! HELLO ? HELLO ? HELLO ? And the 3G Hipe that cingular keeps pushing is NO GOOD as well . I signed up for the full media package with video and all the bells and whistles and the video would go into buffer zone forever after playing about 15 seconds of a 3 min clip . This was my second CU500 phone from cingular . New sim card , new phone , same problems . My signal was always 5 bars strong in the 3g mode , yet , still dropped calls and nobody could hear me . My best guess about this phone is that LG rushed this phone to market to compete with the razor from motorola . -LRB- As we all know that the razor is always sold out at the cingular stores . -RRB- I would not recommend this phone to anybody who needs a reliable source of communication . Cell phone quality has dropped in the last 4 years since I brought a phone , so I ca n't really recommend any brands . Cingular service has been PERFECT so far before I brought this phone so go figure what 's the problem . There is another reviewer on this page having the same problems as I did as well .
 I just recently had a Razr and I absolutely LOVED it . . The razr unfortunatley broke and I got a LG cu500 . The phone had great reviews , all the features and more and just look like an overall great phone ! I got it and it was huge , heavy and DEFINETLY not a phone i would pick out . The menus are poorly set up , the keys are small , and the phone makes annoying Message Sent sounds 2x in a row after you send a text . The camera is n't that great either ! The music part of the phone is pretty cool although you have to buy seperate headphones , software , and a seperate USB cable ! The music is n't very loud and you ca n't set your songs as a ringtone . Another nice thing about the phone is the music ID software . . Other than that , I pretty much hated it for the price i payed ! Anyway I just sold it -LRB- after owning for less than a month -RRB- and got the LG cu400 . . Im excited to finally have somewhat of a simple , good phone . Because with the LG cu500 why have all the bells and whistles when they do n't work that great and are poorly set up ?
 Been using this phone for about 10 months now : - The speaker is too quiet to hear without putting it up to your ear - You will get `` service unavailable '' often , even though you have bars , though you still get notified of new voicemails - After `` service unavailable '' you are taken back to the main screen , where you can start fishing all over - The center button takes you to the internet , where you get charged by the KB - You will be charged for internet even if you request an internet block - Cingular will sign you up for roadside assistance without your appoval - The discussion group on Cingular 's site has thousands of trouble tickets - The micro sd chips are n't recognized by the phone - etc. .
 this is pointless cuz phones these days have data , when this first hit it was cool but hard to use !
 I really does not last as long as the regular battery . My intention was to replace the battery that came with it because it was dying , however this things lasts as long as dying battery I already have . Not too thrilled .
 The battery works fine , but it does n't last as long as the original battery that comes with the new bought cell phone . This battery last about 3/4 of a day with out very little calling involved . Other than that , it is a good back up battery for my cell phone .
 I bought this to replace the bad battery on my phone , this new battery had a very short life , I found my self having to charge it every night .
 OK in a quiet environment but in a car or background noise you can not hear . It needs two or three more volume clicks . I 'm using it on a Blackberry 7100G . The Scala-500 is louder .
 When I bought this product , I really only found one flaw that was significant to me , unfortunately it is FATAL . It simply hangs over your ear , but does not have a 10 cent piece of plastic or gel that focuses the sound into you ear canal and shields out background noise . The result is you can not hear when you are on the freeway . Everything else , style , electronics , stability is all good , but if I can not hear when I am in my car ... I mean hands free use in my car is 90 % of the benefit of Bluetooth . Motorola
 I had the motorola hs850 for nearly 10 months.I have had trouble with the headset heating up after using for 10 minutes . Even there was annoying background noise when the headset volume was increased . I stopped using this because of these issues for several months . Finally i decided to get a replacement set since i needed to use it.On july 26 2006 i placed a request for replacement and i was told that i would get it only after i send in the old one.I placed my credit card info on file with motorola so that they can ship it without me sending in the old headset first . After 1 week when i didnt get the headset i called CS and they coldly told me that they didnt place the order and would be doing it now . I asked them to expedite the shipping since it was their fault but the lady hung up on me saying i would get it few days.I waited for 1 more week and when i called again the rep said that no order was placed before as the rep forgot to place the order and they would place the order now . i was told coldy that i would get it after 1 week.I spoke to the supervisor and he said that he could not do anything and it would take time before i would get the headset.I think motorola deliberatly does this as they can avoid sending in headsets and people would tired of asking for replacing their defective headsets.Every time i called the reps say they get back in 1 min but take 5 minutes to 10 min before they talk to me again and it takes about 20 - 25 minutes to carry on a talk with them and place a request.My friend took a behind the ears plantronix headset and when it had to be replaced he just went to their website and gave his shipping address and his headset serial number and they shipped him a new replacement in 2 days and he leisurely sent the old headset back.i think its time to shift to better customer servicing manufacturers like plantronix who specialize in these products .
 It works ok for the user but on the end you will hear yourself being repeated.TJ
 I bought this product after washing my last bluetooth headset . I liked the styling and features listed on the page , however when I used the headset , the volume was way too low . I have trouble hearing everyone that calls me , even the really loud ones . Since the whole point of this is to have your hands free and i found myself pushing it to my ear , i am not impressed with this product .
 Reception is very poor . There is lot of background noise . Its hard to hear that well while driving , i can not hear my music that well . Sound is not that loud . I own this bluetooth for a year now and i hardly use it because of its poor quality . CERTAINTLY DONT RECOMMEND IT .
 I purchased this item thinking it would be a good product , but it does not work well with my pocket pc . I have a ppc 6700 and I can not hear at all when i 'm driving.It is good for when you are inside a building . Volume is not that good .
 First of all it 's very big and looks monstrous on the ear . Comfort level is so so it 's not painful if you fidget it around . The sound can get very garbled and electronic and it 's also not very loud so it 's hard to hear in a moving car . All in all I would say that if you really need a Bluetooth and you get a good deal than it will do the job otherwise keep looking .
 WHEN I ORDERED THIS ITEM I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A USA PRODUCT . INSTEAD I RECIEVED A INTERNATIONAL PRODUCT WITH AN INTERNATIONAL CHARGER AND AN ADAPTOR . NO WHERE ON THE DESCRIPTION DID IT SAY IT WAS AN INTERNATIONAL ITEM . I HAVE ASKED FOR A FULL RFUND AND I 'LL NEVER WASTE MY TIME PURCHASING FROM HERE AGAIN !!!!
 Do n't buy this lackluster product . Motorola was headed in the right direction until they got here . Object is too large , earpiece hurts and the sound in and out is muddy water at best . Battery life is decent , which is better the the 300/500 series but lacking the power of the 700 series.If you have a choice , do n't guy this one . If you do n't have a choice and this is all you have ... wait until you get to the next store !
 I purchased this product and after a week of use it stopped working . I do n't know if it has something to do with the dusty environment here or maybe I just recieved a bad one but it did n't last over a week . I 'm not pleased with this purchase .
 This product looks great and that is it . It works when it wants to .
 After a week the headset would hang up while I was talking , also it would dial out for no reason , I use to own a HS850 before it got stolen from me , this one here I threw out the window a couple days ago . I think it was refurbed
 I request an order for Motorola HS850 Headset , the order was canceled automatically , If is out of stock it shouldnt be listed !
 My wife and I have a pair of Motorola v551 phones . After charging , the HS850 paired up easily -LRB- which is the only reason why it gets 2 stars , rather than 1 -RRB- . It looks nice and can be easily switched from the default right ear to the left ear . Unfortunately that is the only praise I have for the product . I believe I have a normal sized ear , and besides the fact of it not really sitting comfortably -LRB- which I was willing to get used to for its convenience -RRB- , the HS850 was barely passable as usable in a quiet room with the volume jacked up and my finger pressing the device to my head . It is near impossible to hear in a moving vehicle . A strong device should not have to have the volume all the way up and still struggle to hear the device . Upon further inspection of the HS850 I noticed the speaker was about a half an inch above my ear canal . So for the sake of testing , I took the device off my ear and held it directly over my ear canal and still was a tough device to hear . So be warned if you think you may have any hearing problems or maybe your ears may be larger than average -LRB- which mine are not -RRB- , I would avoid this device . This is all subjective of course ... if you know a friend with one , try theirs . . but I would n't order this without trying someone 's first .
 I bought this after reading a review claiming the `` black coloured earpiece was better than the silver . '' Not the case for me . Although the design is very sleek and sexy , and opening the boom is convenient for answering calls , there is a disturbing echo heard by anyone calling me . I believe this happens because the mic on the HS850 is so close to the earphone . When the volume is up where I need it to be the sound from my earphone goes back into the mic and the caller hears a delayed copy of his voice ... only when I turn the volume way down does it go away , but not all the way . Also , the ear hook just did n't work no matter which way I bent it so back it goes . Be advised that if you return something to Amazon and it 's because you do n't like it and not because it 's broken , your shipping charges are not refunded .
 I was very dissapointed with its audio performance . I do n't want to write a lot because others have definitely written the positive features in good detail -LRB- good microphone , quick connect , good battery life , light-weight etc. -RRB- , but the usability is very restricted.Here is the bottom line , if you want to take this unit outside of your office/home/any quiet environment , you will NOT be able to hear the other person even if the environment is moderately noisy -LRB- this is at unit 's highest volume -RRB- . I was using this in the car , and I can hear faint at best when the road is good , but when you pass through slightly patchy freeway , the other person 's voice is completely drowned . The speaker 's maximum volume is just completely unacceptable . By the way , this experience was inside a luxury car , not a cardboard car . I am not sure the reason behind this design , could be to improve battery life?I had high expectations . I am returning this unit to Amazon and will look at the Jabra BT500 -LRB- read good reviews about it
 I got this as a gift from a friend and it worked wonderfully for about 3 months . The battery kept dying on me more quickly every time I used it , now it wo n't even hold a charge and has been since allocated to a worthless item on my desk . I may have gotten a bad apple out of the bunch but that 's my story ...
 The product arrived on time but was defective . I was unable to pair it with my blackberry or my motorazr . The unit would not shut off even after the boom was closed . I emailed DBroth who asked me to get in touch with customer support in Motorola . There I went through the trouble shooting steps and was advised to return the product.The service was prompt though and refunded my full amount paid .
 So I have owned this headset for about 11 months now and the problems with it just keep getting progressivly worse till now ... Now even when the bail is closed it trys to call the last person I called . When in use it randomly puts people on hold and will also hang up on people and try to redial the last number called . Do yourself a favor , dont buy this ...
 Why all manufacturers do n't use the standard universal USB charging adapter is beyond me . If you own a Motorola RAZR or other phone that uses USB charging then you will need another charger for this one . Also the earpiece doesnt fit well on your ear , infact i have had it blow off when I rolled down the window . I recommend going to a store and trying a few on before you buy . Plus the volume and reception is terrible . Any ambient noise and you ca n't hear your call . I also notice it may still have a charge but once it gets low it loses connection with my phone . So the total ` usage ' time is about an hour . My advice , keep looking .
 I have the RAZR and Motorola headset ... Not sure why but the volume on each is way too low.The Scala 500 that I got free with my RAZR has far greater volume.Not complaining about my RAZR , it 's an OK phone , plus it was free . But it 's not nearly as functional as it is good looking.Anyone else experience selected ring tones mysteriously changing ???
 I really wanted my new HS850 to work but I 'm sad to report that it kept dying on me with no warning . After a two-hour charge , I wore my headset home from the office in stand-by mode , about a half hour drive . I closed it up and put it on the counter . Next morning it was deader than a door-nail . So , I took it back and got another one just like it . This time , I charged it for two hours and then talked on it for about 15 minutes . Next time I tried to use it , it was dead . It would n't even light up or respond in any way . Again , I charged it for two-hours and folded it up and put it in my shirt pocket . When I got home from the office , it was -- you guessed it -- deader than a door-nail . I really expected more from Motorola . But , I 'm glad to hear there are some of these things out there that actually work . Maybe you will be more lucky than me and get one that does .
 Not a big fan of motorola headset and motorola cell phones . They both stink including this headset.PRO - Boom stick micCON - Hangs over your ear so it flaps , headset rest on your ear so the background noise are added to the sound , and not loud enough .
 When I purchased my RAZR it was to mainly have the bluetooth capibility . So I quickly purchased the Motorolla HS820 . I loved being wireless and figured out how to use it quickly . About 5 months later I discovered that my bluetooth would n't pair with my phone . After trouble shooting I discovered that the problem was not the phone but the bluetooth . So I purchased another headset -LRB- same one -RRB- . Within a month my friends/family kept complaining that they could hear me but not understand what I was saying . Still wanting the bluetooth convenience I purchased yet another headset , this time an HS850 . I liked it 's features yet about 4 months later I encountered yet again the same unable to pair problem . What 's going on here ! One phone , three broken head sets . I store my head set -LRB- when not in use -RRB- either with my phone in my bag pocket or on my nightstand to charge . I truly do n't believe it was abused or exposed , if so my phone would be affected as well . I am very disaponted in Motorola at this point and currently shopping for a 4th head set NOT made my Motorolla .
 If you turn up the volume to better hear the person you are calling , the person calling you hears an awful echo . To get rid of the echo you have to turn down the volume to the point where you can not hear the person you are attempting to talk to . I paid good money for NOTHING . Do not buy ... . period . I will never buy a Motorola product as long as I live . Buyer beware .
 I am so disappointed with Cell Dealz ... do buy this from them ... I am getting another one from anither company ... the other problem is that the charger is different than the one for my phone ... . I can not use this plug for the car ... Buy another one ... Dont buy this one ...
 I had used this holster for my phone for about 2 weeks until the swivel broke off from the phone holder when I got into my car . Not great quality , not an OEM product for sure .
 Look I ordered this for my Iphone and i thought I did my research for a working stylus-I guess not . The design is great and slim but funcion ? Nope . My brand new Iphone would only pick up its touch when I fully had to compress the rubber ball tip-which to me is useless because I 'm pressing fairly hard and it would be faster to type with my finger at that point . I needed something with just `` TOUCH '' and did n't need to be compressed in order for the iphone to pick it up . This product sucks .
 I wanted a replacement stylus for my Galaxy Note . I ca n't really accuse them of false advertising , since it does n't say it fits into the stylus slot , but why does it say it is for the Galaxy Note any more than any other capacitive screens?In any case , my real complaint is that it functions very poorly . It is much harder to grab and drag objects with this stylus than it is with my finger . The built-in stylus works much better.I do n't recommend this , even if you want a stand-alone pen-type stylus
 This is a slim sylus , other than that , I have nothing good to say about it , it feels like a piece of old school retractable antenna with a point , its not at all what I expected.The performance on IPad and IPhone is spotty and still rather use my finger.in my opinion not worth your money
 I bought a set of TWO other styli for the same price as I paid for one BoxWave stylus -LRB- the others are retractable so the tip is covered when not in use -RRB- . At half the price , the mesh tip of the less expensive stylus is far superior and much more responsive on the screen than the BoxWave tip . The only reason I bought the BoxWave Slimline stylus is because the others are thicker and do not fit in the stylus holder on my Nexus 7 case . I 've used a few other BoxWave products in the past and , unfortunately , this is the first one to disappoint .
 I got this about a week ago , and had been enjoying it up until a few minutes ago , when I grabbed it , touched it to the screen , and saw that the tip had just fallen off/out of the end of the barrel . I ca n't find it anywhere , and this stylus -LRB- as far as I ca n't tell -RRB- is n't designed to have replaceable tips , so all I can assume is that the adhesive used to fix the tip is n't strong enough.For the record , I always kept my stylus plugged into the headphone jack on the bottom of my nexus 7 when not in use , and never stuffed it into a small space that might have rubbed it loose .
 You get what you pay for , this is a piece of junk . It did n't work at all , BlueProton promised to replace it but the replacement never arrived
 A little knock & it spilts open . . Reception distorts while talking due to aluminum casing . No good . . Sending it back . .
 I was hoping this would replace my current case . it 's really too slippery though . quality is ok . the white lines are pretty ugly imo .
 The aluminum bumper case degraded my cell service signal . I could not get LTE in many areas that I normally do , as well as dropped calls . I like the fit and finish . Tried two different iPhone 5 's .
 Full bars will become 2 bars . Enough said.Also extremely bulky , make sure to get those plastic screen protector for both the FRONT & BACK if you use this .
 Terrible case . Got in on sale but am sending it back . It is NOT worth even $ 1 . It decreases your signal on the iPhone and the case feels cheap . DO NOT BUY THIS CASE !!
 The design seems okay . got the feeling of thicker phone in your hand . the phone sleep button hard to get to.I work in the building where I get very weak signal . This case with aluminum trim kills it completely .
 I had a silica gel case before this , it was much thicker and not as aesthetic appealing.The quality of the case seems okay , and it 's sturdy enough to withstand normal wear and tear . The shiny finish does provide the high quality feel.However , the shell of the case is made out of aluminum , it drastically reduced the cellphone and wifi signal.My iPhone 5 seems drain battery a lot quicker after using this case -LRB- since it 's constantly trying to find signals -RRB- The depth it provide to reach to the power button seems okay , but for the volume buttons are just too hard to reach.Overall , I would not recommend this case , there just simply better ones out there .
 As cute as this device is why buy a cable that can only charge your phone when you cna get a cable that will charge your phone AND synch with your PC for less money ? For the Sony T610 look for a cbale called the dcu-11 . -LCB- ... -RCB-
 Worked fine for me for first 9 months , then broke down . Had similar experience with Nokia headset - not built to last .
 I drive a 98 ' Jeep Wrangler and found the only cup holder it fits is out of the drivers view . The cradle is very loose and unstable . The additional mounting bracket is again a good idea but we found no location on the dash in which it would work , nor would it work well in my husbands 01 ' Jetta . I 've set it aside for now , hoping we can find a use for it someday .
 The product appears to be working quite well . I am satisfied with the product .
 I purchased 3 of these batteries and 2 of the 3 do n't work . I did n't even try the 3rd battery . It appears to hold its charge all day , but if you actually try to make or answer a call it shuts off claiming battery low . I can recharge for 5 mins , it will indicate it is fully charged again , but act the same way . They are probably rejects and I would n't ask for replacements or probably buy from Eforcity again . No confidence .
 This was advertised as `` Brand new OEM Nokia battery BLC-2 `` I do n't believe these are new batteries . The first one I received had half the life of my original two year old battery . The RMA replacement that I received gives a low battery warning on the first call . It dies on the second.Neither battery arrived in original packaging.I am not impressed and have made a claim on Amazon.com A-to-z Guarantee.I would rate this item a zero , but I am forced to give it a one in order to post this review .
 Received battery without any problems . The battery does not charge and the original battery is still being used . I have not contacted the vendor for a resolution as of yet and due to the cost do not believe I will . Rather than wasting any more time on the phone which still works but the original battery does not last as long as it should , I will be replacing the phone once it fails completely .
 I purchased 2 batteries for a set of failing OEM batteries . The battery half life was quite short and did not seem to accept a charge , this was repeated in 2 separate phones and chargers . They were duds or not new stock I suspect . Watch out .
 It 's fairly simple
 I received the first battery which would not take a charge . I have been waiting for a replacement for several weeks with no response from the vendor . I can not review a product I have yet to receive in usable condition .
 The battery was without a charge when I bought it as expected . What was not expected was that the battery would not take a charge . I verified part numbers , etc. . Maybe the mili-amp hour rating being different was the issue . In any case I do not know whether it was the battery or my fault .
 I purchased this product and returned it immediately . Poor craftsmanship ! -LSB- ... -RSB- easily breakable plastic and forget about it being able to hold the weight of your cell phone to your vent !! Ridiculous ! Hopefully this suction mount I 'm going to order works out better !
 I ordered two of these , one for me and one for my wife . Between the two , I did n't have enough parts to get a whole one ! Each was missing a leg , and one had a broken leg . I really do n't understand how a leg could be broken in the box . However , it is pretty easy to look at it and see that the legs would easily break once installed , due to the thin plastic at load-bearing points . A friend bought one and it lasted two days before breaking . Not good .
 Sent word to Amazon that this battery did not fit the Motorola i530 . -LRB- Got message right on the phone screen that the battery was incompatable . The connection part is different the the factory-installed battery -RRB- . Amazon said that they would forward the message to the company from which it was purchased . Have heard nothing.Remember the old adage , you ca n't get something for nothing . Spend the money and go to directly to Motorola for replacement parts .
 no good way to old -LRB- even though it is new -RRB- and did not last long at all.do not buy old batteries .
 This company sent me the wrong product . I received a case for a IPOD instead of the battery It took me three weeks and many phone calls to straighten this out.You need to get rid of the company . The case was cheap .
 Was sent a used battery which was in worse condition than the 3 year old battery I own . Clip was so limp the battery would n't stay in the phone . The back was scratched , the product code was markered over and a date stamp was pasted over the back . If they had indicated they were sending refurbished product I would n't have ordered it .
 Although this battery is listed to be compatible with the Motorola Timeport P8167 wireless phone , it does n't fit . Size is slightly smaller than the P8167 's original battery , so this battery will not snap in to the battery compartment .
 When using this , the phone sat nicely at my side , the top of the clip dug a bit into my skin . Also , if you are not careful and place the phone in the clip without being * sure * to press down , the phone may pop off as you change positions . I have lost my phone repeatedly from this .
 I bought the Plantronics 590A with dongle , worked great for just over a year . Paid $ 108 , then the battery quit accepting a charge . Called Plantronics for replacement , they wanted more than I paid for the unit to replace the battery . I 'll never buy another Plantronics anything again . Now I see they 've almost doubled the price . Unbelievable !
 I realized this was an older unit , but liked the format of how the headset looked and functioned . A co-worker of mine owned one of these units . The stereo quality of the unit works great , but when switching into voice mode , audio changes to mono-mode -LRB- even when connecting with a MacBook Air -RRB- and the mic quality is so so and cuts out for periods of time . I 'm on Skype a large portion of the day and had to revert back to my old headset after just 1 call . I love the wireless nature of this headset , but with poor voice quality that 's a deal breaker for me . Additionally I have some hearing loss so that makes it a bit harder for me with lower quality audio .
 I tried this out in my car and people on the other end of the line said I sounded like I was at the bottom of a well . The only way they could hear me was when I picked up the speakerphone and held it close to my mouth , totally defeating the `` hands-free '' concept . Motorola says you can correct this problem by buying an accessory microphone to clip on your shirt ; I think it should work as it comes out of the box without additional hidden cost .
 Same as other customers , people have problems hearing me with the built-in microphone . According to Motorola to fix this problem you have to buy the external microphone SYN5708 which is more money ... not a big saving ...
 The speaker sounds fine , but since the microphone is built into the cord , you have to hold up the phone cord to speak directly into the microphone -LRB- what 's the point of cordless then -RRB- . Motorola should have included an external microphone . Instead , you have to buy one ... The charger works well , but overall , I would not recommend this unit .
 The mic on the cord is a pain . I actually rewired the product so I can use it in my car . I love Motorola but this product is a big disappointment .
 Yikes ! It is n't very often that I take the time to write a review . In this case , I felt compelled to do so . This product was purchased for use with my StarTac . In short , it is a clumsy piece of junk with a design right out of the Russian space program circa 1960 . Look elsewhere for a hands free solution .
 The phone holder is useless . I would rate it a ZERO . No instructions included or any documentations whatsoever . It looks simple enough , and I tried every possible way to attach it to my vent , no luck . The whole pack is useless . Forget it and do n't waste your money .
 My mother is very disgusted that she ca n't assemble the phone holder and ca n't get it on the vent . Unfortunately , I 'm not there and ca n't help her . If you have an elderly parent who likes to read directions this may not be the combo pack for you .
 If you 're buying this for the hands free headset - DONT Bother . The speaker quality is so poor , I had to push the speaker to my ear with my hand just to hear . I might as well have held my phone . And the phone would still have been louder !
 I never tried using the holder , however the hands free was used a fair amount . But it lasted only 3 months . A more rugged cable might have helped .
 The is no instruction inside the package . There is no way to put the phone holder together .
 I considered and did n't buy this package -- if you are buying the Motorola V60 phone , the version I bought came with a hands-free device -- if I had known that I would n't have even considered the combo pack .
 It 's pictured with adapters , but when they ship it , there are NO ADAPTERS ... then the replacements come , and STILL NO ADAPTERS ...
 I order this item and when it arrived I complaint with Amazon because it doesnt come with the Nokia adapters . They said sorry sorry sorry , I reorder and again it doesnt come with the adapters so I think that this product has a bad description . In the Coby web page this product is listed as CVM153 not CVM155 so this is an Amazon scam .
 I own a Palm TX pda which synchronizes by USB or Bluetooth . I got this to synchronize by USB to my laptop computer . The original one had a depressable button on the topside of the pda connector cable . This one does n't . When you set up the Palm Desktop , it walks you through the process until you get a screen saying `` press the synchronization button on the cable . '' There is n't one , so I could n't go any further . The net result is that I now only synchronize to the desktop by BlueTooth and ca n't synchronize to the laptop at all . The older button style USB cables are on eBay , but only as part of a package of other equipment which I already have .
 This item simply did n't work at all . This item is NOT like the item that comes withthe Palm TX .
 I would HOPE , I get the ordered item , the past two times I got the wrong one , without a sync button for the USB connection!Amazon said that it was an ordering error , lets get it right this time !
 The cable does n't work as a sync cable . It needs the hot connect button . Only thing its good for is to charge a usless product .
 Does not work . Did not recharge my TX , ca n't test if synching would work , but i doubt it . Computer did n't even recognize it .
 The fit between the charger and my phone is not tight . In order to make sure the phone is charging I must ` wiggle '' the connection until I am sure the indicator lights are perfectly correct . I have not had , and do not have this problem with my other chargers .
 Not the charger for the phone it was advertised for . More junk for the junk drawer . Daughter was very disappointed .
 The charger quit working two weeks after receipt . I will never purchase anything else from this aweful vendor . You get what you pay for I guess .
 The description stated the charger was compatible with my Blackberry though it was not . Not sure if my order got mixed up or if the product details were inaccurate . Consequently , I still had to buy another charger .
 I hate these guys absolutely . He shipped the product after I canceled the order next day . The company has no regard for customer satisfaction .
 this item is not what i want , but that is ok it was my fault
 I thought this product was made for someone with big arms . . I have 20 inch biceps . I can barely fit it around my forearm -- much less bicep ... Total waste of money ... Also , my MP3 Bible will not even fit this piece of junk ...
 I did n't realize that this product is not adjustable -- at all . It is for people with really really really big arms . Huge Arm . It is misleading I think . I would return it but do n't see the point because of the price . I am disappointed though .
 I would rather see the product itself rather than the body it is attached to . As if you 'll ever have that kind of body anyway . That 's why I 'm searching elsewhere .
 The literature on the manufacturer 's website -LRB- Spark Technology -RRB- implies that the CellStik can be updated to be compatible with new models by simply downloading software to `` upgrade '' the `` stick '' . I got this as a stocking stuffer for my husband for Christmas . He has the Samsung A820 model and , as I write this , we have not been able to get updated software to make this compatible with my husband 's cellular phone . So , this is a good theory -- upgrade your phone and easily transfer information -- but it is NOT a good product . I am truly disappointed .
 I thought from the description that this would interface with my Outlook contacts , but it does n't . Just allows you to fill in the boxes on your PC . Probably a little better than using your phone , but not much .
 These batteries were a piece of crap . They did not hold a charge , but as far as the company goes , they shipped the product right away . Too bad for them that they do n't know that these batteries dont hold a very long charge .
 The volume is crisp , and nicely audible . Unfortunately , that is the only good thing . The clip attachment for the microphone is real tiny it barely has the width to clasp onto your shirt . And a major annoyance is I accidentally bought the 2.5 mm version for my 3.5 mm phone jack . I bought a 3.5 mm female plug to convert it but it can not be entirely seated without the volume cutting out , but I ca n't tell if that is a problem with the headset or the plug . It works , but barely : -LRB-
 I just picked this up here in Italy . Desperately seeking an alternative shareware or another commercial software package that will work with this Bluetooth adapter.The saga : Motorolla V550 4 band phone in order to be able to use it in the U.S. and all over the world as well.Picked up this Motorolla PC820 Mobile PhoneTools Bluetooth Adapter mostly for amusement -LRB- customize ringer , screens , etc. -RRB- but also to synch address book/calendar . Already synching yahoo address book/calendar with Outlook via Yahoo 's software - reliable . Can not comment on this synch between mobile and Outlook though initial take is that Outlook 's calendar was at least not entirely scrambled - I only had one disturbing birthday reminder from four years ago -LRB- bizarre ? -RRB- though my non-standard numbers did not come across into the mobile - okay normal in view of the fact I store everything in my contacts and in non-standard formats . Though yahoo and outlook play well together . The software did blame the mobile phone , error message
 You get what you pay for . In this case , junk . It lasted all of 2 days and one use . The wires fell out of the usb connection . Unfortunately for me it was while I was driving down the road on a 4 hour trip and within the first 30 min after leaving the house . I suggest buying something a bit more expensive that will last more than a couple days . Very poorly constructed connections .
 The usb plug broke very easily and threw it away after only two uses . I would instead recommend buying a car charger with a usb port so that you can charge with the usb cable as you would on a computer .
 Total waste of money . No matter what we tried , the driver would not work . I tried the CD and downloads and it still would never work with the phone it was advertised to work with.My daughter was SOO disappointed . She wanted to download pictures from her cell phone to the computer .
 WE also got this cable from eforcity - I would not recommend them as a vendor or this cable . We have yet to get it to work . The first package that was sent never made it . The seecond package that was sent , the CD for the driver was damaged . I do NOT recommend this at all .
 Both of the other reviews said the cable did not work . In short , yes . . the cable does not work . But after some poking around on the disk I found that you need to do certain things in a certain order to get the cable to function ... you also need to use the same USB port every time ... as far as I remember you need to install the driver from the CD 1st , then download the current version of Nokia PC Suite , install that , plug in the cable and it should work ... but if not try other orders of these things and keep in mind that I may have forgotten something .
 This cable has serious installation problems . Even if your phone is listed as compatible it might not work . You can read enough stories on the WEB of people that bought this cable and it just does n't work.If you value your time , you 'll spend more than what the cable is worth trying to install it , you can be SURE of that .
 ca42 cable for a Nokia cell phone did n't work , tryied another ca42 cable that I borrwed from my son-in-law and it worked . Iwould have sent it back , but it would cost morre to send it back than I paid for it .
 I received my product in a timely manner . According to the Nokia website this cable is the one designed for my cellphone . However , I am not able to down load my pictures taken by my Nokia cellphone onto my computer using thie cable I ordered . I do n't know why , the message I get from my computer is that the cellphone is not connected , when in fact it is connected.SincerelyTerry Elbin
 Never could get this to work on my phone . Downloaded current drivers and program and nothing . Thankfull it was cheap , which goes with the saying ya get what ya pay for ...
 I read the reviews on here , and thought I 'd take a chance . I tried connecting via PC Suite . I tried CA-42 drivers from the web . I went to install the software on the enclosed CD , but got a warning message saying that the software had not been confirmed compatible with Windows and that continuing could cause damage to computer/system . I tried downloading the driver -LRB- KQ-U8A -RRB- that one of the other viewers recommended , but could not get the cable to recognize there was a phone connected , no matter what I tried.I finally broke down & bought the Nokia branded cord , and it worked like a charm , right out of the box . My recommendation
 I must say this cable did n't work as I expected because I tried installing their provided CD drive and it failed to connect . Tried Nokia Suite for my phone model , the cable did n't connect and failed to work . However , everything failed . I do n't suggest buying this cable as I already spent ~ $ 10 w/shipping for this cable.I tried using other methods from the reviewers and no , it did n't work . FFS , I am so mad now .
 I had not received the driver cd , so i had to return the item back
 This cable was not supported by the Nokia phone as advertised . Nokia tech said it was made inthe wrong country to have the proper electronic characteristics . Amazon made good on the whole purchase .
 I bought this cable and it did n't work at all for my Nokia CA-42 . Waste of time and money !
 Do some research before buying a product like this . It 's a Nokia nock-off and the driver did n't do it for me or my phone . If you do n't want to waste time figuring it out , buy a legitimate cable from Nokia .
 I originally bought it to synch both my phone and my wife 's phone . I does n't seem to notice when you disconnect one phone and connect a phone.The only way I got it to work was to uninstall the software , then reinstall it -- EACH TIME I SWITCHED PHONES!Maybe this item is for decorative use and they just forgot to explain that in the documentation .
 This cable is totally incompatable with Nokia 6102i . I had to pony up the $ 50.00 for the Nokia version . My advice is you do the same . The people at Amazon should ban these crooks . Too bad I ca n't give it less than 1 star .
 I bought this to be a USB to Serial cable . It 's not detected by Windows or Linux . There were no attempts , by either operating system , at recognizing it as a device at all . No semi-satisfying Windows `` ba-dump '' sound followed by a `` We know you plugged something in but we have no idea what it is yet '' Windows error . Not even a twitch , almost as if it 's not even plugged in . Just out of curiosity , I plugged in another USB-Serial cable -LRB- it serves a far less nefarious purpose than what I had envisioned for this one -RRB- and Bam ! I was instantly greeted with results ; therefore , I am reasonably certain that it is in fact this cable and not my computers that are at fault . I would attempt to return this cable , if I had not already disassembled the USBusiness end in an attempt to glean further information from the circuit board within . Unfortunately , it seems to be completely encased in , what appears to be , glue.I expect the garbage man wo n't be able to detect this cable any better than Windows or Linux . It is for the best.If you can read this -LRB- or even if you ca n't -RRB- , buy something else . Please .
 It does n't work well with nokia 5070 in all computers , I do n't know why . And the CD that comes with it is workless .
 Keeping for the phone charger . But the headset is awful . Soundis fine , but earbud just will not stay in my ear . Very annoying.I have small ears , so maybe it 's me . But would n't recommend buying w/o trying out the earbud first .
 What I got from this package is a different phone holder than the one shown on the picture ... Everything else is good . However , if you choose to charge your phone with the car charger , you can talk at the same time because it makes your phone not functional ...
 Was looking for a nice cover that would work with a small flip phone as it looked like it did in the picture shown . This came to me today -LRB- I paid for 1 day shipping -RRB- and this was NOT for a flip phone but for an `` HTC Droid Eris or similar sized phone '' -LRB- pictured at the top of the box it was in -RRB- . The belt clip does NOT swivel . Be cautious in buying this item . ALSO , they state size on the back of the box as `` 4.45 H x 2.2 W x 0.58 D . That is NOT what the product description shows as the size .
 This does not have a swivelling belt clip . I 've read the other reviews in which some reviewers try to correct some of the buyers who 've complained of this . These reviewers have essentially told the complainers they are n't trying hard enough and the clips really do swivel . I absolutely , positively , unequivocally and without reservation 100 % guarantee that the one I got does not and will not swivel . It can not . It was not designed to swivel . If I try to force it to swivel it 'll break , because it is n't meant to move that way . The clip has a simple spring-loaded hinge which does not swivel and never will .
 Currently unavailable ... . bought a holster at Radio Shack ... . it was available . Does n't rotate but otherwise meets my needs at this time .
 The one in this picture is what I expected to receive . The one I received does not have the rotating clip . That is false advertising . Sorry , not happy !!
 HAD IT 3 MONTHS AND THE PIN FELL OUT OF THE CHEAP CLIP . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS ONE 4 ANY KIND OF CONSTRUCTION WORK . DOES NOT SWIVEL .
 Not as described . This is a droid case . Belt clip does not swivel . Weak magnet would not keep your phone from falling out . Info on this case is not just misleadingIt is totally fabricated
 they do not have this size phone case , i have talked to them after recieving the wrong one , and they sent me another case in it 's place.and it was n't the right one either.so as far as i know they do not have this size.they have the size bigger , but not this one .
 This item was way to small for the phone I that believe it tobe . I should have had a dime or something to scale it by.But if I had a cell phone that fit it . It would be a good holder.Regards .
 It looks like the `` clip '' depends on putting super glue on your belt , because I do n't see any hook at the bottom to keep your winter coat from riding up and pulling your phone with it , only to drop it in a storm drain later on . Another example of the stupidity of designers who do n't use the garbage they design .
 I found the word `` rubberized '' to be very misleading . One would think the case was made of a rubber material , not so . It had a thin layer of rubber than scratched off with a fingernale . I was looking for a case that would handle a blow such as my son dropping it accidentally on the floor . This case offered very little protection . While the color was cool , and it fit snuggly around the phone , both pluses , it offered little protection . The sides of the case were so thin they have already broken . The case lasted about a month with normal wear and tear before it broke . It was just as much to buy once you added $ 5.00 shipping and handling , shipping was only a $ 1.25 , so the rest was handling ???? My first experience with e-bay , and probably my last . If I had seen that product in a store I would never have bought it . `` Rubberized '' was really stretching it . I am very dissatified with the product . It was a thin , plastic case , with a paperthin rubber coating , nothing like what is was presented to be . It did not suit its purpose at all .
 This is literally the biggest bluetooth headset I have seen in my life.The part that wraps around your ear does n't rotate to adjust the angle of the headset , which makes it very uncomfortable if the earpice does n't fit perfectly into your ear . It is attached using cheap flimsy plastic and a spring that will easily break.On that note , I thought that the earpiece was similar to that of a plantronics , with a rubber earpiece that goes into your ear . This is just a painfully hard plastic one.Button locations are very inconvenient and hard to press as well . The answer button is on the bottom when it 's on your right ear and on the top when it 's on your left making it confusing if you switch often . Similarly , the volume buttons are only in their logical places when the headset is on the left ear.Sound quality is terrible at high volumes and mediocre at best when low.Overall piece of junk . Very glad that I only paid $ 3 for it on a one-deal-per-day website .
 like the other reviews , the clip of this product it 's a waste of money!there 's no good clips for this cel.because i try another ones but it 's the same history !
 I bought this case a month and half ago . After one month of using it , the clip seemed to not stick perfectly to the nylon inside , resulting the entire case to not fit as it was before.This is a good looking case , but with a poor clip .
 I ordered a black and blue razr phone thinking there was absolutely no difference between the two except for color . My wife 's phone , the black razr , has excellent reception . In contrast , the blue razr , has little to no reception . I exchanged it for another blue razr and discovered the same problem . Irritated and frustrated I decided to switch to the black razr thinking there might have been a manufacturing defect on the blue razr 's . I received my black razr yesterday and voila the reception is far superior than the blue -LRB- which is supposedly the exact same phone -RRB- . Of course my wife 's phone still has better and consistent reception for some reason ; Maybe because it is considered the primary phone it has better reception . My thinking is that if you wish to purchase a blue razr , you should wait a month or so before purchasing . Wait for those `` defective '' batches of blue razr 's to be out of the system . Or , I just may have been an unlucky person to have gotten two defective blue phones in a row .
 Do NOT get taken . This phone was manufactured in Singapore and was NOT made for service in the US . If it breaks , which mine did , Motorola will NOT fix it . You are STUCK !!!! DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!! THE BLUE RAZOR WAS * NOT * MANUFACTURED FOR USE IN THE US , HENCE , ALL OF THE PROBLEMS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 Product arrived quickly but 1/2 of the stones were laying in the bottom of the bag . Contacted company and they issued me a credit for the full purchase price and shipping . We glued the stones on and it is OK , but it 's not what I 'd call a high quality product .
 I bought this because it was much cheaper online than at the store , but I wish I would have spent the money to buy it at the store . This product is a huge waste of money . I pink started peeling off a few days after I put it on my phone . It is completely peeled off except for a few parts . The only purpose it serves now is to protect my phone . Spend the money at the store do n't buy it online .
 This remote may work well for the other iHome systems ; however , we bought it because it was recommended on the website that it was frequently bought with the iHome LED color changing cube . When we tried it , it would n't work . I called the iHome customer support center and they claimed that there is not a remote for the iHome LED color changing system . So I am going to return it for a refund . I can not review the remote 's capabilities since it would n't work for this iHome we have . I just wanted to let others know that they should n't buy any remote for the LED iHome color changing cube because there really is n't a remote for it .
 This product was advertised as being compatible with the ihome cube which i bought not too long ago . These remote controls ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE IHOME CUBE . I can not give an honest review of this product as it did not work with the latter . If it had i would have loved to have a remote control for the cube . The seller refunded my money , although i wish they had refunded my postage too , but o well . Not much to say really , this product does not work with the ihome cube ... Gave it one star so i could publish this review otherwise i would not have been able to publish this .
 I own an iHome iP46 and I love it . It recharges quickly and charges my iPod Touch - and it 's extremely light and portable . And best of all - it sounds great . The only thing preventing `` perfect item '' status was a -LRB- puzzling -RRB- lack of a remote control . I noticed one could order separately what seemed a common-sense inclusion , so I did . When it arrived in the mail , I quickly set about to opening it . This proved a Herculean task as I cut through what seemed like diamond-encrusted plastic . I excitedly thought this remote control must spin magic to warrant such an arduous journey . I stood across the room and pointed - click . Nothing . Click-click . Still nothing . Not even a light . I fussed with the remote settings on my iHome . Nothing but dead air . What a disappointment.I sent it back , hoping to get another that actually operated like the 1990 's - era artifact that it is . Over a week later , I heard nothing from the company . I finally emailed them asking if they had received it . They said no and asked for a tracking number . I gave it to them and suddenly it was in their mailbox . The guy then immediately tells me they have issued me a refund . I say , `` No ! I did n't want a refund - I wanted one that works ! '' He says it 's too late and I have to buy the item again in order to get it . This all happens within one hour . I tell him to forget it.Bad product . Bad customer service . The iHome is great though . What is it about this company that they treat the remote control like it 's gold freaking bullion ?? It 's just a remote ! Put it in the box with the product , freaks !
 Bought this to go together with the Impod clock radio docking station for my grandaughter because it was suggested on the Amazon site that they be purchased together . Unfortunately , they are not compatible and wont work together Amazon should update their site .
 I ordered this product because Amazon mentioned that this remote was often purchased with the cube . I should have done more research because if I would have I would have read that the cube does not have a remote that works with it . Do your research before you purchase . Not really sure if the remote works because it does not work with the speaker I purchased it for . The one star rating is more for Amazon than for the remote itself .
 With we purchased the iHome iH15 LED Color-Changing speaker system , the Amazon web site said people also bought the IHOME IHR5 remote control , which indicated that they worked together . The speaker system DOES NOT have a remote function . Amazon even exchanged the remote when we told them it did not work , instead of letting us know that the remote would not work with the speaker system .
 I bought this remote for my iH5 version . It claims to just work when you get it , but I seemed to be having some trouble . After checking the battery and making sure it was all set , I was still confused as to why it would n't work . There were no helpful reviews online either . Turns out , according to some instructions -LRB- NOT INCLUDED !!! -RRB- you have to aim it at the grill on the right hand side . This only works if you are within about 6 inches from it , and even then it 's SOOOOO particular , it 's like it 's a tiny dot you have to find for the iHome to respond . If you really wan na press it 100 times before you get that longer distance assistance , go ahead . Otherwise , you might as well get up and change it yourself because the remote wo n't do it for you . Definitely not worth the money , would not recommend .
 You wo n't find this documented anywhere , but apparently this remote only works when the iHome is plugged in and powered . If you are unplugged and running off the battery it does not work . I assumed this was a defect and contacted iHome customer support . I was told that was expected behavior . Nice . I was really hoping to remote-enable the iHome on the patio but that dream is dead.This remote generally worthless for my intended use .
 Has n't worked from time I received . No directions , not sure if it compatibility issue or battery . I do n't want to invest in battery if this will never work.Very disappointed
 I bought this on ebay . Said it had been used but did n't really look like it . When I got it i tried it out and it would n't work . I 'm thinking its the battery but how to change it ? Is it the little compartment on the bottom ? If so , it wo n't open .
 I honestly have to have the remote 3 inches away from the device in order for it to work .
 I ordered this item from Amazon but got iHR5 instead . I notified Amazon and they promptly issued a return auth and processed getting the correct item to me . I then received another iHR5 . Amazon concluded that they could not fill my order and issued a refund . I do n't know if they have this item or not .
 Do not buy this remote ! We puurchased off of Amazon to use in conjunction with an iHome docking station we had and it does n't work . The remote is so flimsy that it broke while trying to remove the battery cover to see if it was missing the battery . We ca n't return it now because it fell apart trying to determine if it came with a battery . Very flimsy product and does n't work as a remote . Very disappointed . Did I mention what a piece of crap it is ?
 This is the second item we have purchased in the past for the I home that has n't worked . No more .
 I bought this remote because it stated on Amazon that it wad frequently bought with the ihome that I purchased but when I received it . The remote did n't work with my ihome but it works with my friend ihome system . how is that even possible ? Is there a way to sync the remote to my iPod . I 'm confused and need help
 This item is junk ! Never worked straight out the box , even went out and bought new batteries ! I would definitely not recommend this product for purchase .
 It just does n't work on my iHome . I inadvertently threw mine out with the packing from a cross country move . This one clearly is the wrong one for my model . I would have returned it if I had n't thrown out the packaging . I did n't see anything on the amazon site about which models this works with . I guess I will just throw it out . I would n't have given it any stars but I was forced to .
 I bought this remote because it was reccomended for the Ihome I was buying the remote did not work with that ihome or the ihome ih5 . Very unimpressed with this seller , would not use them again .
 This product is advertised as a companion product to the iHome cube . Guess what ? It does n't work with the iHome cube . What a waste of time and money .
 I have tried two and cant get either one to work , I give up . The product feels flimsy , I tried changing batteries but still got nothing
 The product works just like it says , however after putting into the phone once , when i removed it one of the 2 little plastic clips broke and it will no longer sit in the phone unless i tape it . Does it work ? Absolutley , just be careful with it i guess . I did NOT pull hard when removing it either , i didnt even notice anything was wrong until i couldnt get my usb data cable plugged in -LRB- due to the clip still being stuck in the phone , which was fun to get out -RRB-
 BE AWARE ! the adapter does n't fit in the 6260 model . I would have shipped it back but the thing was only like a couple of $ $ so it would have been a waist of money . Conclusion
 it did what it was supposed to but only lasted one day . it just broke apart and stopped working . It is too fragile .
 this product is horrible . poor quality and it doesnt even fit my nokia n73 . just a waste of money
 I ordered 2 of those which never received and seller never replies emails!Stay away not recommended .
 I just want to let potential buyers of this product know that this adapter does not seat properly into my W760a phone . I bought three knowing they do n't last long but they are so cheaply made they do n't even work unless you hold them in place physically or with tape or a rubber band . I 'm not a person to return a 2 dollar item but i am unsatisfied enough to write this message . even at two bucks these are a rip off . do n't say I did n't warn you !
 Do not buy this product . I have bought three separate products from Eforcity . All three broke within two months of use .
 The connector does not work properly - can hear but can not be heard . Only due to its low and high shipping costs I did not return the item .
 After one year of use the metal inside the female 3.5 mm jack has rusted . It now does n't work anymore . They used some kind of steel , instead of brass or aluminum . High quality ... NOT ! Sony should 've just put a 3.5 mm jack on the phone , like most manufacturers have done , instead of using this proprietary connector crap .
 I order one from eforcity . The adaptor is very fragile and beware of the shipping charge . it is there main source of profit . Not a very honest seller .
 I 've purchased 5 of these in the time space of a year . Every single one of them broke . They sound great and do the job when you first get them . But after a few minor tugs here and there , there goes the sound . I 'm basing the 2 stars on the price and the time that they each lasted for , 2 months . Oh and if you buy 2 . u get charge 2 shipping charges , even though they can clearly fit about 20 in the cheap packaging without an issue .
 This adapter does not work with a sony w800 phone . The mic can not be heard . I disassembled the adapter to see what the problem was and the mic did n't have a ground/shield to go with the plus side of the signal .
 As soon as i bought it i knew this thing sucked . I have to force this product into my phone and i am putting it in right . The headphone jack is two small i have to force all my headphone related products into it . I tried regular headphones and the headphone to tape thing for my car , both were a terrible fit . Listen to the reviews and do n't buy it .
 This was the most wrothless thing I 've ever bought on amazon . I bought this for my Sony Ericsson , which only lasted a month before it broke . Right out of the package this never fit what it was supposed to . I would of returned it , but I figured that the shipping would 've cost more than the product itself . Waste of time & money .
 Do n't purchase from eforcity . They sent me a faulty adapter . I messaged them and they sent me yet another faulty replacement adapter . I messaged them again and after this , it was all hell . They accused me of stuff and completely ignored me after that . I never received a working adapter from them , even after paying .
 I received my adaptors but one was n't working . I forgot to tell the seller that one was not working . but overall I was satisfied , for now .
 The whole Sony Walkman connector port has design flaws . A few pins sticking out of an adapter tells you that there is limited lifetime to its use.My item worked for the first week . Then I started having problems with the mic icon showing up on the display sporadically disappearing . I had to push really hard to see the mic icon appear just to have it disappear when I let go.I ca n't say good things about it since it does n't work .
 I am so unsatisfied with Amazon product . I will never order anything from them again . I tried for a month for them to exchange or refund me my money and they stalled until it was to late and i could not do anything about it . They made no effort to assist me and I was stuck with defective and broken products . I am new when it comes to ordering by mail and i wont be quick to do it again .
 I bought this adapter to use with my cell phone along with my Hatis device for my cochlear implant . It did n't work . I got what I paid for - garbage !
 I bought this adapter for my TM 506 . At first I thought I bought the wrong one because it did n't fit in the phone , but eventually I realized it was just hard to push in . It is really cheaply built , so sometimes it cuts out . Pretty lame , buy I do n't think there 's much of an alternative .
 I was very careful with this product because i read in other reviews that it is flimsy . Two of the connector teeth broke off immediately , and it would not stay connected tight enough to maintain connection . Sound was horrible using this connector , and it was a waste of time to even order this .
 Besides the fact that I received a completely different item than what the picture led me to believe I was going to receive - this adapter does not even work properly with my Sony Ericsson K800i ! Will return or request a refund !
 Only bought this to listen to my mp3s on the go with my sony ericsson phone . Wanted to replace my other one that had a long and excessive wire and was pretty much falling apart . Plugged it in and connected my earphones and got nothing but static . Got a few bits pieces of music but I was pretty much constantly needing to shift the connection and wires around .
 like charity . This item was a complete waste of money . I purchased it to watch movies on my SonyEricsson Equinox and not have to carry around two pairs of earphones . When I used it I could only hear the background music with no dialog . If you do n't mind risking the price of shipping , it might work for you . Otherwise you should just steer clear of this product .
 It was a pain because the sound quality sucked even though i do n't really pay attention to it and it also kept popping off the phone so i would have to hold it in order for it not to fall . . I didnt really expect for it to be perfect since the price is so low . You get what you pay for
 I thought this was exactly what I was looking for , a short headphone adapter just long enough to extend outside of an armband pocket that I have been using with my w800 for the past few years . I did n't want to subject another of the original headset adapters that came with the phone to my running since sweat rendered its microphone useless long before the headphone jack died.This one seemed to fit the bill , but , after only a month of running , the wire insulation cracked at the point where the wire joins the jack to the cellphone . It still works , but is obviously not going to survive an active lifestyle .
 works as an adapter , but fails at everything else.it feels like it 's going to rip if i pull the cord too hard . not able to use it during a call unless your headphones have a line-in mic , and it sticks out of the phone quite far and is pretty uncomfortable in the pocket .
 This adapter made poor connection with the phone . Only worked when pressed into the phone port but lost connection when pressure was removed .
 The company did not even send instructions for use ... nothing . The only thing I recieved was the speaker adapter and antenna booster in a plastic baggie . I would send it back , but it would cost more in shipping than I paid for the adapter . I strongly discourage purchasing equipment from this company .
 I recently purchased this item . I used it for less than 1 week and it worked just fine . Buy today when I plug my headphones into them , the left headphone does not play any sound . I requested and exchange or refund from the provider and I am awaiting a response . I would recomend this product only if my replacement request is met .
 This product is exactly what I needed to fully enjoy my SE w580i 's walkman and stereo FM capabilities.Unfortunately it is very flimsy.For a daily commuter , the average durability is less than a month.I have already bought 6 units but can not find a better quality product .
 As soon as I got it , it seemed flimsy , it does not work with a mic/headset and after using it about 4 times it broke . The pins became very loose and yes I know how to remove it properly like the rest of the sony adapters.DO NOT BUY !
 Received the product on time . However the plastic clips wore out after just a few days and the connector wo n't stay cliped into the phone now . Very disappointed . Would not recommend product
 this does not work for headset . i thought it did . It is so flimsy . DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS
 The seller sent an adapter that routes the cable awkwardly perpendicular to the side of the phone instead of neatly parallel to the side of the phone , which is what the product picture promised . The wire is flimsy - I do n't think it will last very long .
 I bought two of these . The first one broke the second time I used it . The phone was in my shirt pocket while I was riding the lawn mower . Not much abuse there . The second one causes my phone to repeatedly try to make a voice call when only ear buds are plugged in . It is not usable . Find a different vendor .
 Do n't even waste the $ 2 to try this garbage out . Use the Sony plug . The sound quality is extremely reduced . If you 've never used the sony attachment , you would think your phone sound is terrible or your headphones are terrible . Without a doubt , this plug produces undesirable sound . I do n't even give it one star , but amazon forced me too .
 I wanted this thing for all the right reasons . Putting it on was a pain and not only that it dissorted the clarity of the screen itself . It would n't stay in place . My skin is n't oilier than any body else and that combined with the distored clarity only made it worse . Not something I would get in the future .
 That item has disappointed me at the sound quailty . Too much noise and unclear sound . After trying 1 week , I never use it again .
 I bought the H3 after losing my Motorola H500 . I found that the range is terrible . I know bluetooth headsets do n't have great range but I get static on this one if I turn my head for crying out loud . If I have my phone in my pocket it has to be in the pocket on the same side of my body as the headset to avoid terrible static . Also , it really hurt my ear to wear it at first . I guess I suffered through it and am now used to it , but it hurt a lot at first . I just does n't have the same rubber cushioning as the others . I should have just bought another H500 .
 Do n't get me wrong the H3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back . What I mean by that is that when your on the phone , the other party hears an echo . This happend on all the calls . The only thing that kept me from returning it was that I lost the receipt and i threw away the box ! I do n't recomend wasting your money on this . One you may try that has worked for me is the H500 . Cheap looks ok and best of all , it works !!!! Oh yeah my Razor had a hard time linking to the H3 .
 I got this headset in a package deal with a Motorola V3 RAZR phone -LRB- sign up for service , get the phone and the headset free -RRB- . Initially , I was very satisfied - it 's light , fit my ear well , and I could hear callers as if they were right next to me . But I was told by everyone I talked to using this headset that their side of the conversation had a very pronounced delayed echo . I tried re-pairing it with the phone , re-charging the battery in the headset and the phone - did n't helpI also had issues with it not recognizing my phone when I tried to turn it on . This happened several times , and I had to re-pair it with the phone each time , which was a total pain.I had some difficulty answering incoming calls with it also as the button is a multi-function button , which uses a series of beeps to let you know what function it 's on . Kinda sounded like R2D2 from Star Wars - not fun to try to interpret while barreling down the interstate with a ringing phone in my purse.Since these were issues I was n't willing to put up with from a device that 's supposed to make my life easier , I have since replaced it with a Motorola H700 , which I am much happier with.Guess I know why the H3 was free with plan activation . Lesson learned ! = -RRB-
 Echo and resound , unusable . The person on other end of the call will never talk to you again . It is in trash now .
 Well , I ordered this headset because it matched my black RAZR . I read all the reviews and ignored all the complaints of echos . Now my wife will not even talk to me if I use it . The echo is horrible ! I called several other people and go the same complaint . I am returning it after using it for 2 hours . I would not recommend this one .
 Out of the box mine had one of the buttons dead . No click . Nothing . When I returned it for exchange , the saleperson said that 's typical of this headset , and only from Motorola . Cellphones good , H3 headset junk.In fact he said that they -LRB- Cellular Sales - a Verizon dealer store -RRB- were dropping the Motorola H3 because of the exceedingly high number of returns and were sticking with just the Plantronics - which I then had him exchange my shoddy H3 with.So mine out of the box essentially DOA with a major dealer dropping them because of this .
 Second time I have received an ear piece that arrived broken . It will not hold a charge and I expected better . I moved and can not find the package it came in . I have to eat it . No more on line ear pieces for me . Two bad apples is enough .
 It works ok but volume is really low . You can barely hear the caller voice unless you go to a very quiet place .
 When I received the bluetooth I was excited . After charging it and using it I noticed the volume was not working properly . I constantly have to keep adjusting the volume . The person I am talking to ca n't hear me even after I adjust it . I am not currently using the bluetooth -LRB- too frustrating -RRB-
 Tried pairing it with a Treo 650 and Red Razr . Although pairing worked fine , the other party heard an annoying buzz on both phones - where as I could hear them clearly . Returned it to Amazon for a full refund ... I gave it two stars because , the headset seemed to work on my end . .
 The on/off button hard to manage and not responsive . Very Bad sound quality and loud echo that make people on the other end do n't want to talk to me . Totally useless .
 I tried this headset with the LG VX8300 phone from Verizon . It sounded like your Rice Krispies talking to you in the morning . Poor sound quality with the phone clipped to my waist . I previously had the Motorola E815 with this headset and it seemed to work a little better . Maybe it 's a phone compatibility issue . I am not a techie person , but the reps. at Verizon told me a Moto BT headset should work fine on any brand of phone , but that was n't the case . Nice looking and stylish though , too bad it did n't do its job . I am looking into one of the Plantronics models .
 I like it , but the call button requires a hard push . After a few times , it hurts my ear . Sound quality is OK . I returned it for a Moto HS500 which is a hair lighter and the call button requires a much lighter touch . So far I like it better.So my vote is avoid H3 , go HS500
 I got this headset when I got my RAZR phone , and loved the fact that I could use the same charger for the phone and the headset , but that 's about the best feature it has . It did pair fine with my phone , and it seems to last a long time on one charge . The interface is OK , but I still have n't gotten used to switching calls when I would already be on it and get a second call . I hung up on people often trying to do this.The worst features are seemingly the most important . This thing fits horribly on my ear , and had a tendency to fall off . The volume was so low that even at it 's loudest I often had to press it to my ear to hear -LRB- hands-free , huh -RRB- . The worst was the static that either I would hear or the person I was talking to would hear . Nothing seemed to improve it.I just lost this earpiece , and I think it may have been a blessing in disguise . I 'll look for something a little better this time .
 Fair headset . Size , weight , comfort and battery life is good.The incomming sound quality is very good , problems start with outgoing sound . People tell me I sound like I 'm in a tube with echos . Volumn control hard to adjust , talking outside can at times be only fair and the directions with the units beeping is not easy to remember .
 Well , I wanted something that was reasonable priced , designed to fit my E61i and durable . This case is all but the last . Here 's why
 Bought this stylus when stylus was new for the smartphone and other devices . I thought it would be responsive and accurate when writing words down or drawing but I was wrong . Buy a cheaper one like this , its the same . it works with other touch pad devices not just one product like the razr maxx . I gave my stylus to my parents because I have no use for it . I use my fingers , more accurate than the stylus .
 The battery is less than a month old and it will not hold a charge !!!
 This battery do not work like as realy battery . Only work one day . But , if you pay less , you received less . That is the truth .
 Upon plugging this charger into my iPhone 3GS and my car power socket , I received a warning message on my phone which told me that the device is not compatible with the phone . So , the device was basically useless . I wonder if it actually works with iPhone 3G or iPhone 4 ? The packaging says nothing about the device being made for iPhone 4 . My recommendation is stay away from this product . In the end , I went to the Apple store and bought something that I KNEW would work !
 I bought this car charger on April 5th and used it normally in the car every couple days . It 's June 17th and it already broke . What a piece of junk .
 Two of the three batteries failed -LRB- 1 DOA other after short use -RRB- They should test all outgoing batteries and prevent frustration
 This battery was either used and sold as new , or just plain JUNK ! On my Motorola cordless phone , the original battery was only lasting 30-45 minutes on a charge so thought it was time to replace the battery . Within 3 months , THIS so called `` new '' battery would die in less that 1 minute !!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS ... To be fair , I filed a complaint with the Vendor through Amazon -LRB- emtcom = seller -RRB- . Never done that in my 62 years before . They had ignored my emails & complaints when contacted directly before . Now complaining through Amazon , they have emailed me that they are refunding my money . Since Amazon is directly involved , I think I can trust them to do so ? Just not worth the hassle all around . Buyer beware .
 Ordered , arrived , installed , placed unit in charger , ` found base , ' and would n't hold a charge . Fruitless ! No how , no way . Guess what my wife thinks of me now ? -LRB- Westronics , Inc. -RRB- Buyer beware ! `` No star '' rated !
 After two weeks of use , the battery will not hold a charge for more than about 3 hours without using it . Directly after removing from the charger , a 20 minute phone call is all it is good for . If your income is as limited as mine , do n't waste good money on this cheap knock-off .
 These batteries do n't last more then a couple months , I have purchased this type before and got much longer life span then these from a local battery supplier , considering the shipping charges and the short life of the battery it 's no bargain
 Ordered two of these as `` New '' . They arrived in the `` new '' packaging but neither would take a charge , both deader than a door nail . Contacted seller and was told to contact the manufacturer . Not worth the effort ... went to Radio Shack and purchased two truly new batteries that work perfectly . First bad experience ordering online . Guess somethings are better purchased the old fashioned way . Moral
 Bought this cheap replacement for my v-tech 20-2481 cordless phone . AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes . Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use . I opened cover to find a sizzling hole that burned thru the case of the cordless phone battery while in phone . I gave never seen this in my life and only imagine what if this happened while charging at home or just laying on table and caught house on fire . This is a cheap , generic , no name replacement cordless phone battery and buyer beware , YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !! I am returning for a refund , I do not want to take a chance with another from them . I will go with a well known name one next time . DO NOT BUY
 The battery is not as good as the original . As they say , you get what you pay for .
 I realized that I needed a headset for my cellphone -LRB- Motor.v60 -RRB- and my home cordless phone . ... I was so excited about the Plantronics M1500 for non-bluetooth phones , since I was not about to pay a large amt . for that type of phone . ... After opening the pkg . i took out the headset , adaptor and instructions etc. . I followed the directions and plugged the adapter to the phone and powered the headset with the battery . The ease of set up was superb ! At this point I was so excited . I placed the headset on my head/ear and turned it on by pushing the on/off button on the headset . I turned on the adapter and dialed a friends number to test it out . `` Hello ? '' said my friend . `` Hello ? '' . `` I 'm hear '' ... BzzzBzzz/poppop ... No only could my friend not hear me but we both heard loud buzzing sounds and popping . I tried to switch phones and see if it helped and I tried the suggested positioning by the manufactures instrucions . Nothing helped at all.Sadly to say , I returned the headset and had to purchase another brand which I must say works as it says but 1/2 the cost.Bluetooth might be a lot better but this product simply does not work as it says it does . P.S. I even tried another one ... and had the same problems ...
 The device has two major drawbacks , the first is that the earpiece hangs off a thin bit of plastic that quickly breaks off . They clearly realise this is an issue as they give you a spare , but that is no good when they only last about a week each.The other big problem is that they both have multi-function on/off buttons instead of a switch . This means that getting the thing turned on is about 30-45 seconds since you have to push and-hold-the-stupid-thing-down for a very-very long time . The sender is worst of all , that has three modes , off , standby and in use . In practice the standby mode is completely pointless , you might as well turn the thing off completely since it will take ten seconds at least for the thing to make a connection to the earpiece - often much longer.There have to be better designs out there that this turkey . Once the gadget feature is worn off you will be back to using the phone alone .
 The product works fine but the earpiece is way too uncomfortable ... Definitely ca n't be used as is ... I 'll have to either find a workaround or return it ...
 The product works fine but the earpiece is way too uncomfortable ... Definitely ca n't be used as is ... I 'll have to either find a workaround or return it ...
 I bought two of these because of the price . Within a week both quit working -LRB- the microphone -RRB- . The speaker continued to work , but I could not have a phone converstaion because the person I was trying to talk to could n't hear me . I would have given a zero star rating if I could have . Do n't buy these , there is a reason they are so cheap .
 I 'm a creature of habit , so I kept buying this specific earpiece for my cell phone , since I liked the way it was designed . Small , simple , and I did n't have to look like someone from `` Star Trek '' with that dumb thing blinking in my ear . It works well , and has excellent sound quality both for my voice and the earpiece . What I liked is there is this rubber `` hook '' that keeps it in your ear , and is very comfortable . However , every one I 've bought -LRB- and I 've bought a lot of them -RRB- has the same problem which is the `` hook '' breaks off no matter how gentle you are with it . So then you have to sort of stick the earpiece in your ear , and hope for the best . For a while they were very cheap so it was n't that bad , but now they are hard to find . Soon they will all be gone , and I 'll have to find something else . So should you .
 It 's kind of a shame , but I ordered two of these units based on the feedback I 'd researched.When they arrived , I opened up one of the boxes and the plastic packaging that secures the device had caused the mouthpiece to split in two!I figured it was a fluke , but when I opened the second unit , the same problem occurred.I sent them back to amazon , and the they were gracious to credit the purchase.Generally , Plantronics has great quality ... I guess they picked the wrong packaging and distribution contractor .
 While I like the form factor of this device , it has poor voice pick-up . I have an LG VX6000 with voice dial . I can not voice dial with this headset -- the poor voice quality does not allow the phone to recognize my instructions . * In order for a person to hear me clearly , I have to bring the mic over so it 's right next to my mouth.Also , the earbud `` bands '' continue to pop off -- very poor design . It 's fairly comfortable as far as earbuds go , but it 's a pretty low-quality device . Skip this and buy something better .
 This is a wonderful design for your ear , clean sound / snug fit ... but the quality seems to be less than desirable ; they keep failing , after just a few months . I think the wire is too thin if you wind it up and put it in your pocket too many times it develops a short and starts to cut out . Too bad i love how it works when it works .
 This does not work as they say !!!!! Battery does not last as long as they say.They say that it works up to 30 feet away . It started droping out around 3 feet and by 6 feet it was all static.Also it is hard to hear , not loud enough.I returned it and got the Jabra Freespeak that is less and works GREAT . Good range , easy to hear and smaller .
 The main draw for me to this phone was the VZ Navigation . The navigation itself works terrific , turn-by-turn directions both spoken to you and on the screen . It 's nearly as good as a factory unit.I had wanted to buy a Bluetooth hands free car kit , but found out that the Navigation only functions when you flip open the phone to the internal keyboard . When open , it automatically turns the phone 's speakerphone on , and wo n't communicate with the Bluetooth device , which in my case is the hands free car kit . That kills the effectiveness of the navigation function , because the phone 's internal speakerphone speakers are sometimes hard to make out with road noise . This also means that if you plan to use a wireless headset , the headset wo n't work if the phone is flipped open , only the phone 's speakerphone will . Note that you can still use the Bluetooth device -LRB- headset or car kit -RRB- for talking on the phone , while the phone is flipped closed , it 's just the VZ Nav that wo n't work.The other issue with this phone is that the directional menu keys are too small , and it 's easy to strike the wrong key by accident.Finally , it 's really big and bulky . I thought this would be an okay tradeoff given the features it has , but with this Navigation issue , I 'm fairly dissapointed.At the time of writing , the only other Verizon phone that has VZ Nav is the Motorolla 325 . A great phone , in fact perfect for me , except that it has no Bluetooth -LRB- and also wo n't work with a Bluetooth hands-free car kit ! -RRB- .
 that u never want to use it . . Please stay away from Amazon and Verizon . I ordered the phone with a plan , got the phone . . but no plan and no end in sight after 5 days for my troubles . Now stuck with the phone . . but no way to use it . Neither Verizon , nor Amazon seem to help me out . so , my word of caution , please stay away and dont get burnt . Amazon botched up my phone orders the last two times too , but tmobile and Cingular my previous providers were very quick to fix it up . Looks like they never learn from their mistakes : -LRB-
 I 've had this phone for 5 months now and it just keeps getting worse . I could deal with the lousy speakers and the odd choice of not allowing full menu options when the clamshell is closed , but the biggest weakness is actually the design . The directional pad on the outer shell is directly behind the center of the inner LCD screen.As a result , this phone has broken on me twice in the last five months . The inner LCD screen -LRB- the large one -RRB- cracks if there is too much pressure on the directional pad of the outer shell . Just leaving it in a pocket of a jacket that gets jostled or pressing the `` OK '' button particularly hard can break the inner LCD . Its amazing more people have n't complained about this.Especially since in order to get it fixed , you are charged at least $ 50 , if not more by Verizon , and they could n't care less about the aggravation . Their response is to ask if you will get insurance on the phone , or buy the hard leather sleeve for it . I could n't figure out why anyone would want to buy a leather case that covers the outer screen . Are n't you supposed to use that outer screen for something , like , ummm , to see who 's calling , or to find your contacts or set up your bluetooth or send pictures ... ? I guess not , apparently , the purpose of the outer screen is to look cool as you have to yank an even bulkier phone out of your pocket , then pray you can slide this hideous black leather sleeve off of it before the person calling you has hung up.It 's just stupid and I wish I realized it before I wasted over $ 350 dollars on this junk.I will never buy a LG phone again . And as soon as my plan is up with Verizon , they will never see another dime either .
 I bought the Sumdex GLP-807 Leather Bi-Fold Wallet for Pocket PC expecting to use it with an iPAQ 3670 , the smallest PocketPC . The printing on the package was showing a Palm V . A sticker on the box said it fits iPAQ , HP , ect.While it may or may not be big enough to fit a naked iPAQ , mounting requires a Velco patch . No way was I going to apply directly it to the iPAQ for fear the iPAQ will not fit into the PCMIA jacket with the Velco . So I put the iPAQ in the thin -LRB- no slot -RRB- stylepac and tried to fit it to the case . Way too small . Looks like a good case for a PALM V using the built in rail but not for a PocketPC .
 The description is very deceptive . This adapter contains a 3.5 mm male pin and a 2.5 mm female socket . What 's so difficult about describing it that way ? I guess I 'm stuck with it , as the price is hidden within the shipping costs , which are not refundable !!!
 I matched this up with my LG Venus and a pair of Koss Pro headphones and it does n't work properly as it cuts out the left channel .
 Description read 3.5 mm male to 2.5 mm female . WRONG it was the completely opposite !
 READ THE DESCRIPTION CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU BUY because the way the seller has described this item as a 3.5 to 2.5 adapter is deceptive . the description further states that it has a 2.5 female and a 3.5 male , which in my experience is actually a 2.5 to 3.5 adapter.if you have headphones with a 3.5 mm jack and want to be able to plug those headphones into electronics with 2.5 mm port , this is NOT the product for you . this will take your headphones with a 2.5 mm jack and allow you to plug them into electronics with a 3.5 mm port.thank goodness it was cheap , because it 's totally worthless to me .
 I was n't thinking when I bought this one . I needed a 3.5 male to a 2.5 female , which was not what I was given . I will admit though , that i did ' t look for all my info , but the seller should have made such basic information available .
 I have been looking for a lg female to small male plug to work regular headset with my phone . I was mislead by your ad . price was good and arrived quick . if you have the reverse item let me know i will order one .
 I would have rated it as 0 stars but they make you chose atleast one star.As you can see , you have royally pissed off customers everywhere . I was duped into buying this piece of crap also . 2.5 female to 3.5 male should have been listed in the first place . Now this junk just stares at me from my desk . I really wish that you had advertised your product correctly , yes its only 1 cent but I could have gone elsewhere and not wasted my time and money . Jerks !!!!!
 Item only supplies sound from one headphone when used with an LG phone . Have n't tried on anything else .
 this does not work for my phone . The seller misleads you into thinking you can connect your phone to an outside source . It states the sizes backwords and now I have lost $ 6.00 , since I purchased two . If you are trying to conect your phone to a normal size headset , or speakers or any other source then do not purchase this . I am not sure that the value is for this cord , since it does not connect to a mobile phone jack .
 The add lists all the phones it works with , what it does n't tell you is it wo n't work to make or recieve a call . I was told `` it 's only for listening to music '' . I replied `` if thats so why do you advertise it with phones and not music players ? '' Their reply was silence and a dial tone .
 The good news is the item was received in just a couple of days . The bad news is , the item I received was actually an LG STA-P53WS Travel Adapter rather than the advertised STA-P52WS . This charger will not work with my LG VX8600 phone , even though the list of phones for the charger says it will work , and it also says it is a replacement for the original STA-P51WS charger . I think the problem is that it has different voltage and current specificatons than the original charger . The original was 4.9 V and 0.9 A , while this one was 5.6 V and 0.4 A. I had the same problem with another charger I already had for a different LG phone which also did n't have the right specifications and would n't work with my phone . And I know the problem is not with the phone , since the car charger still works with it.Also , I know that the charging pins are the same as on the original , so that 's not the problem . I know this because I was able to get a working charger by combining the plug from this charger with the wall wart from the original charger -LRB- the original plug broke , which is why I needed a new charger -RRB- . That old electroncs techician training comes in handy ! For the cheap price , it was n't worth returning this , so I figured I had nothing to lose.So I would not recommend this charger unless your original charger was an STA-P53WS or had an output of 5.6 V and 0.4 A.
 They sent me the wrong item and now it will cost me more time and money to send it back to get the correct one than the item costs . You might be better off calling them to make sure they know what to send you first . I lost all my money with them .
 I received two wall chargers , Jan 2013 . One of them works and the other does n't . Not worth returning . It is very irritating .
 I ordered this product based on the claim that it would be able to Sync with my iRiver H10 and allow me to add more songs to it . I needed a new Sync cable , because I had lost mine , and thought that this pack was a great deal so I went for it . When I received the items , everything appeared fine , and all of the charging devices worked . However , when I used the USB cable to Sync with my computer , all it did was charge my H10 . It would not sync to the computer for information exchange . Obviously I was very perturbed by this , so I called the company I purchased it from , and they sent me a new cable swiftly to fix the problem . However , when the cable arrived it had the same problem . So I spent several days troubleshooting , only to come to the conclusion that I should have just bought a cable direct from iRiver .
 I 've always had cell phones in the past . You know , the things that make it possible for you to dial a number and make a call , that do n't crash and lock up like Windows operating systems , that actually dial a number when you type in a phone number on the keypad , that have voicemail that responds when you hit number keys to erase messages or use other functions in voicemail.This Palm/Windows thing does n't act like a phone . It locks up on a regular basis , you have to get it into or out of some mode for the number keys to work with voicemail , sometimes you can dial a number on the visual keypad or the actual keypad and there seems to be no way to get the damn thing to dial the number.The battery life is decent but half the time I want to use it I have to take the battery out to get it to unfreeze or get it out of whatever mode it is in so that it will make a call.I 'm fairly technically savvy but also think that something as simple as a phone with a PDA in it should work the way you think it will work -LRB- the way every other cell phone I 've had does -RRB- and anything sold as a cell phone should not crash or lock up . I 'll never buy another Palm with the Windows Mobile operating system and will go for a BlackJack that has a better form factor and works first and foremost as a normal cell phone with some added features as soon as I 'm not locked into this contract anymore .
 I 've had about 8 different Palm Treo phones running the Palm OS over the years , and finally I `` upgraded '' to the Treo 750 running Windows Mobile 6 . I also use the Goodlink software on it for corporate email/calendar/contacts . What a piece of junk this phone is . I hope it breaks soon so my company will give me something better.Microsoft really blew it with WM6 . They basically added nothing new in terms of features , and the performance is so lousy the machine is almost useless.It crashes and hangs up all the time . This is even after a fresh hard reset.It doesnt keep up with calling activity . When a call comes in , by the time it paints the screen with the caller info , the phone has been ringing 2 or 3 times . Then when you hit the answer button , the lag is so bad , you may not realize you are connected , since there is no visual cue to tell you the phone knows you pressed ` answer ' . So if you press it again , the call goes to hold . Unbelievable.When you call someone that is not in your contact list , the screen shows `` Unknown Caller '' . Very stupid , since it 's not a caller , it is someong I am calling . But it looks like someone is calling you since it says `` Caller '' . In emails , it ca n't keep up with my typing , and when it catches up , it drops random keystrokes so I have to back up and correct it.The bluetooth barely works with Acura Handsfreelink in the car -- it starts working , but then if you get out of the car and walk away , the phone thinks it is still connected to the handsfree , so when calls come in , you miss them , and when you place calls , people ca n't hear you . You have to turn off Bluetooth and turn it back on.Turning on/off bluetooth , which is a keystroke or two on most phones , takes several navigation steps to perform on this phone.Unbelievably , Microsoft hasnt added any new games in several years of Windows Mobile development.The product manager at Microsoft who is responsible for Windows Mobile should be replaced immediately.I ca n't wait until I can get rid of this piece of junk.If you want an ugly brick that can run some fairly mundane applications , and also perform as a lousy phone , then this is the device for you!Your mileage may vary ...
 There are numerous advantages to this phone , simply check with all the other feedbacks ... My problem started about 2 months after I bought the phone , the touch screen just does not work after one touch.I tried numerous ways to reset the phone including dropping it on the concrete floor and still is a ` one touch ' wonder . Palm tech support is slower than snails running from salt . I did find a way to bring my ` one touch ' wonder back to may be a ` five minut ' touch wonder ... by taking out the battery over a lengthy period -LRB- at least over night -RRB- then I could use the touch screen for about 5 or 10 minutes or so ... Oh , I googled `` palm 750 touch screen problem '' and found other users also experience the same issue.I am still awaiting instruction back from Palm about how they plan to blame this on my usage.Also , the second problem I have is when people call me , the phone reacts slowly , just like a snail ... frequently when I answer , the caller would have been sent to the voice mail . Buy this phone only if you have no friends and your mother-in-law is the only caller !! It would be great in that event !!
 Although the first 10 months using my Treo 750 were quite smooth with only a few issues here and there such as calls dropped and email sync challenges , the last two months have seen numerous issues pop up . - Dropped calls multiple times a day . I 'm not sure if this is a reflection of Dallas Cingular service or the Treo , although I have n't had problems in the past . This is quite frustrtating when talking with clients and you have to call back two or three times just to finish a conversation - Out bound calls
 WINDOWS Mobile 6 Professional running on ATT . GUI look/feel fine , ergonomics fine -LRB- read all the positive reviews -RRB- , but phone has problems w / autosync , email not updating , freezes . Battery life very poor . I 'm an occasional user , mostly use phone commuting to/from work . I 'm very unhappy with having to reboot the phone multiple times a day . Upgraded o/s from 5 to 6 with little or no improvement in freezes . I 'll wear out the door to the reset button . Fortunately a company phone , so IT will get me a new one to try . Curious to see if a second phone will still encounter all of the o/s issues . Would like to try Palm o/s but that is n't a choice with IT .
 I order the phone on the 19 of jan and I called or had Amazon call me and was told that I well not recieve the phone unit sometime in March . So I just want to know if anyone had signed up for a 2 year contact but no phone .
 I ordered this phone on 3/28/07 . It shipped via FEDEX on 3/29/07 to my office with an indicated delivery of 3/2/07 . The package sat on the FEDEX truck for three days before they attempted to deliver it at 8pm to an adjacent business and then left it without the package being signed for . This was after I 'd already called FEDEX to refuse delivery of the package because it was too late in arriving . FEDEX 's response for it sitting three days on the delivery truck was that the driver was overloaded . For the $ 100 difference in price it was less hassle to just go to the local Cingular store .
 A complete waste of money . I am , in fact , about to head out to my nearest cell phone provider store to switch it out with another vendor 's PDA . The device just stops ringing at a whim . Then you can call certain people successfully , but not others . I 've had to do a soft reset every day for the past week just to get the thing to receive calls , which is pretty pathetic for something which is supposed to function as my work phone . Before you buy this do a search online for `` Palm 750 does n't ring '' and you 'll see a myriad of complaints about this issue . Upon calling my service provider , they feigned ignorance about this issue which I am amazed about as how can one of the largest communication companies in the world not be aware of the hundreds of postings by people on the Internet about this issue ? Do n't buy it - a waste of your money .
 In January I traded in my Blackberry for a Treo 750 purely for the Activesync feature and the ability to sync the phone without having to connect to a desktop.The pro 's to this phone are one
 The hardware is great , I eventually exchanged it for the palm OS version . However , the memory issues and constant freezing of the windows mobile OS made me miss calls and become very familiar with hard resets . You 'll constantly have to go into the task manager to close applications that are still resident in the memory.The most frustrating part for me is when it decided to hang while there was an incoming call . After a 30-45 second hard boot you 'll have to call them back and explain that your phone froze.After switching to the Palm OS version of this device I never had a problem . I love the windows interface , but it 's just to buggy and unstable . -LRB- I could insert a snarky Microsoft comment here , but why beat that dead horse -RRB- PS ... Friends have also told me that other devices they own with Windows Mobile also have stability issues . So it does n't seem like this is isolated to the Treo .
 I have owned and used numerous phones , pocket pc 's , and smart phones over the years and this is arguably the worst phone I have ever come in contact with . Let me be clear about this ; it is not only the worst smart phone / pocket pc but the worst PHONE I have ever seen . For starters , you need to do a soft reset on this phone everyday just to have a chance of it working halfway correctly . If I went more than a day without resetting these are just a few of the malfunction I grew accustomed to :1 -RRB- Severe system crashes2 -RRB- Locking up3 -RRB- ringer and overall sound malfunction4 -RRB- Would not recognize the data card5 -RRB- Would not recognize information on the external card6 -RRB- Buttons would change their programming on their own7 -RRB- Constantly running sluggish from overused memory8 -RRB- Lockup when phone rings9 -RRB- Numerous other minor system malfunctionsWith severe system crashes , the phone would take about 3 or 4 soft resets before it would work half way right . Even if you did a soft reset a day you could expect , simple lockups that would require a soft reset . and disrupt whatever you are doing . Various times throughout the day you can expect the phone not to recognize the external data card . That means that it would all of a sudden forget that you had a card and anything on it . Most of the time this was cured with a soft reset . Also you could expect at a minimum that every several days the buttons would change their programming on their own . For those of you that do n't know about the button programming , yu can program various buttons to control various applications . For instance you can program the side button to control the voice commands . Well you may push the button one time and the media player will come on . Do a soft reset and it will go back to what you programmed it for . But , all of that aside what aggravated me the most and pushed me to discard this phone was the sound function . Very frequently the phone would lose its sound . All of a sudden the sound would just cease to work . This would include the tap sound , the inbox bell , and most importantly the ringer . The worst part about it is that the tro 750 silent function is handled by a switch so this was just unacceptable . When I first purchased the phone and it did this I assumed the switch had been accidentally turned to silent , but do n't be fooled folks . This is probably the worst glich of all.Let me put it in a way everyone can understand . I was under contract so I had to pay full price for a phone to replace the treo . When I was at the AT&T ; store I thought to myself that I could put the phone on ebay and at least offset the price of the new phone somewhat . Sure enough I got home and treo 's were selling on ebay for $ 200.00 and I could have used the money , I just could not pass on such a sorry piece of technology to another person . So I gave the phone to my six year old child as a toy . It is not hooked up or anything , she just uses it as a fancy calculator.In my opinion this is the worst piece of technology to come out in years . I would not buy these phones at a yard sell .
 Pros :1 . Its a PDA Phone2 . Touch Screen3 . Windows OS -LRB- this should be under Cons actually -RRB- Cons :1 . Horrible battery life , comes only for a day .2 . Very slow response , when try to answer pressing the answer button during incomming calls , it would take some times up to 2 more rings before it responds .3 . Voice clarity is below average .4 . tons of random applications will open up with out your concern durin call and tough to close all of them and get back to main screen .5 . Hangs atleast twice a week , need to remove battery to reset .6 . Speed dial stops working , you need to reset your phone again .7 . Calander features are very limited and not flexible as palm calendar .8 . tiny button 's , tough to dial numbers -LRB- but can live with that -RRB- 9 . WIndows mobile 5.0 -LRB- horrible -RRB- ... . Ok I will stop here , you got the point .
 I 'm an attorney who has had this phone for almost one year -LRB- June 2007 -RRB- and I 'm ready to get rid of it . It does not play well with others . I had a palm for years which synced my calendar/to dos , etc. with my office . When palm switched to microsoft , the calendar only syncs from the desktop - all data entered on the phone is lost -- all the techs have said that I have to live with this -- not very realistic . It will not sync with my contacts list . It crashes about once or twice each week . My first one was completely broken when sent to me and the replacement has not been much better . It will suddenly not ring so I have missed calls and messages . The battery does not last long -LRB- I 've turned off the email checking feature - when that was on , I received 3-4 hours of use , with it off , it must be recharged every 2 days -- if you forget and the noises are off to alert you to a low battery - you really lose ! -RRB- Bottom line is that this is an extremely unsatisfactory `` smart '' device for the money . The unreliability and inability to work with others cancels out the features I liked -LRB- GSM -RRB- -LRB- PDFs that you can carry with you -RRB- .
 Do n't buy this phone . It 's a nightmare . I had the 650 then the 680 and now i have the 750It 's incredible how each one was worst than the other , but the 750 is so bad I do n't get mad anymore I just laugh ! It has the worst operating system -LRB- windows mobile -RRB- Palm was 1000 % better . The battery is just plain stupid , I had to buy a 2400mAh just to get thru the day ! If you install goodlink then your phone will run at half the speed ! If you want to check your email you will have to press option plus send button ! I mean , I 'm driving and I need both hands to check my emails !????? Speed dial on the today screen will accidentally dial your contacts ... all the time ! If you want to dial a number , do n't think of just dialing it ! If you want to dial a number , do n't think of just dialing it because that will get you nowhere , you first have press the send button , then move the cursor up until you reach the dial pad menu , then press enter and then you can dial the number , but you have to do it every time !!!!! Ahhhhhh ! If you open the explorer to check out some stocks , be careful if the screen goes to stand by you will have to do the whole process again because the treo 750 will bring you back to the today screen every time your mobile phone powers down . I could go on and on and on but I really do n't have time . If you want a good mobile phone get a blackberry or the iphone.If you need a Treo get the 650 ! I almost forgot , all of the treo phones have very bad speaker volume , it is so low that you can buy a software that will let you pump up the volume for only $ 25.00 dls.I am going to get an iphone and ship this one to a friend in Afghanistan
 I 've owned a Palm 750 for less than two months and it 's becoming one of my worst purchases I 've made in years . I 'm soft resetting the phone in excess of 10 times a day - and thats only so I can use the phone for basic in/outbound calls . Every other function -LRB- email , text , whatever -RRB- has basically become useless.For some reason I can not explain the phone is freezing up constantly . No , the problem is not with third party applications -LRB- I 'm not running any -RRB- or with me having alot of large files stored on the phone -LRB- which is ALWAYS the answer that you will hear from tech support or with other defenders of the faith -RRB- , the problem seems to be somewhere in the Palm software or the OS . The phone has just decided to start locking up constantly and from what I can see is there 's absolutely no explanation for it . Even making phone calls can be difficult - especially inbound calls - because when you hit the ` answer ' button the phone will lock up -LRB- yet , it will keep ringing , and ringing , and ringing ... almost as if to taunt you that you 're not worthy of answering the call -RRB- . At this point my phone has become a drag on my productivity and my business . I would rather be using my old motorola fliptop from 1988 . Do yourself a favor and dont buy this phone .
 I am forced to use this piece of junk through my company . No way would you want to spend your own money on this thing . I am on my 5th one . They just do n't work well , are slow , and crash all the time . Poorly designed .
 this is great if you are a new customer . However , when you sign up it is unclear that you are signing up for a plan as well . We are existing customersin the fine print it states the phones are for new or existing customers whoare signing another year agreement . It has been a mess !!! Just make sure thatyou are a new customer and you want the plan you are signing up for .
 PALM PRODUCTS DO NOT WORK WITH VISTA 64BIT . Before you buy this product be sure you do not have , NOR EVER WILL HAVE the Vista 64 bit operating system . A palm representative EXPLICITY told me that he had no knowledge of Palm working on a fix for this . More and more new computers are shipping with this operating system and consumers caught unaware when their NEW products wo n't work !!!
 Great price ! But I returned it for a full refund .1 . The phone did n't work . Was n't set up properly . Amazon said that they could fix it -- in 3 to 5 business days .2 . I have been using Palm & Treo products for a long , long time . I really like the `` Palm Desktop '' . The Treo 750 is a Windows Mobile Device that syncs to Outlook . I thought that it might be time to bite the bullet and convert . The CD came with Outlook 2000 which really sucks . Prices for Outlook 2003 -LRB- which , IMHO , is workable -RRB- added another $ 99 . Cutting to the chase
 Very disappointing . The OS freezes , recycles on a whim and the interface is weak . A regrettable purchase.The vendor has replaced it twice to no avail . Good-bye Palm .
 I have a 650 with a cell number that has been with me for over 10 years . Perhaps blinded by this incredibly good price , I thought my fulfilled contract -LRB- I am on month to month now -RRB- meant I could qualify for a `` new account '' and keep my number . No such luck . After wasting a few hours dealing with Cingular and then someone in India on behalf of Wirefly , I had to return it . It is ironic that someone who has never had a cell phone can get a price 75 % lower than a loyal 13 year customer ! I will take the next carrier that offers a reasonable price on a 700 even though I would prefer the 750 .
 BUYER BEWARE ! Read the reviews before considering buying this . The screws keep falling out on my palm pilot , and I 've found that this is a problem that many people have had -LRB- just google `` Palm Replacement Screws '' -RRB- . If you buy this , there 's a good chance that you 'll be the next person having the exact same issue - so be warned . It may not seem serious , but screws coming out basically means your unit casing will come off and that leaves the memory and all the important things you write down in your schedule UNPROTECTED.When I contacted them about the issue , I found out what the Palm company was really all about . That is , getting your money and not looking back . Instead of admitting that their is a serious design flaw with their product , and doing what they could to rememdy the situation ... they figure this is another way they ought to try and add to their profit margin . Not very smart . I 'm not even asking them to apologize for their imcompitant case designs -LRB- which would help them save face imho -RRB- . What really gets me is that theres enough people that have this problem for it to be clearly visible to the higher ups , and some executives at the company actually made the decision that they would trade 75 cents in screws for the loss of their company name . And If the guys running the PALM company are idiots , then it 's time to look elsewhere.I ca n't believe they would n't just ship out replacements and try to fix the product designs . But as I reseacrch the net to try and find some decent replacement screws for my own unit in the meantime , I just keep finding more and more stories of good people -LRB- who do n't have problems with screws coming out of other small electronics btw -RRB- who are in the same pathetic PALM ownership boat as me . Am I ever sorry I bought the unit . Besides the screws , it has reset on me on a number of occasions and luckily I 'm religious about backing up data . Still , you lose some entries and its a major pain . In fact , I did miss a meeting once because I missed reentering it after the unit reset and lost data.Well Palm wo n't be fattening their margins on me anymore , and I hope you heed the warning I give . I am in the market for a new Handheld , but I 'll NEVER allow myself to get swindled by them again . They could 've used the problem as an opportunity to show their customers that they do value us and score some points . Unfortunately for them and for us customers , the cold response I 've gotten from them tells me that they really could care less and do not have a long term outlook on what it means to sell a business product as important as a scheduling device . It 's best to stay away from them . I 'm through giving PALM any more business . If you find a better company , please do share .
 I ahd to switch to ATT because Ssprint did not cover my new office location well . I made the mistake of signing up for service over the phone . I asked for a Treo with the Palm OS and received the 750 with Windows . It was slow , froze constantly and dropped calls . I finally went to an AT&T store and got the Treo 680 -LRB- Palm OS -RRB- . No dropped calls , no freezes , better signal and more intuitive interface .
 this item has already broke ... belt clip came completely off ... would not recommend buying ... junk ... poor qualityBlack Universal Milante Ancona Hydrofoam Case , MIL-28BK
 Maybe it 's my palm that is &#34; fried &#34; but I could not get it to turn on with this charge kit .
 While this charger does work , it does not have a button on it to initiate the charging action . That means that you must go to start , programs , Palm , and sync to make it work . Very inconvenient .
 I got this to charge my palm lifedrive . I plugged it in to charge right after I got it and thought I was going to damage my palm getting it out of the sync connector . for some reason , the pins were hanging up . I know that originally it came up as a charger for the lifedrive , but it does n't say that on anything I 'm seeing now . Not sure what that changed . Maybe it was a misread on my part . Not sure why all but one piece of the connector would work . I 'm guessing it 's defective . I get it to work as a charger now by only putting the connector in at an angle so it does n't get hung up . Fortunately it only hangs up opposite the power connector .
 i choose to buy from the site cause I see alot of people who are satisfied on their purchases . I was so excited when I receive the product . The product cost only $ 3 , but it cost me $ 50 to ship it here in turks and caicos islands but i do n't care about it.After the 2nd time I use it to charge my product , it explode while my unit is attached and charged . Now I am not sure if my unit was damaged also or what .
 this dose not hot sync my palm E2 to my computer and the cable is a different one that they sent me then what is showed in the ad all it dose is charge
 The sync charger does n't connect well . I never did get a good sync and it only partially synced . After trying and re-trying and reloading the software , finally decided that the product is either defective or poorly constructed
 DO N'T KNOW OR WILL HAVE TO SAY ITEM DID N'T WORK BECAUSE WRONG PLUGS , TRIED TO TALK TO DEALER BUT AMAZON JUST SENDS ME TO A DIFFERENT ADD . WILL NEVER BUY FROM THIS DEALER AGAIN ... !!!!!!
 Basically it 's a decent little usb charging kit , but if you are like me and have a Palm TX * it does not work for hotsync * there is * no hotsync button *
 The 3 pcs USB Active Sync Charge Kit for Palm Tungsten T5 , E2 , TX , and Treo 650 that I purchased was garbage . I am still not able to sync my Palm with my computer . Total waste of money .
 My cable came defective . And the worst is , that the main cable came defective . I do n't recommend anybody to buy the cable . Now , I ca n't charge my phone .
 Ordered this ` charging kit ' for my Tungsten E2 through BargainCell , as I have purchased from them in the past , and up until this , did n't have a problem with them.Found that this ` charging kit ' WILL NOT charge a Tungsten E2 ! Back and forth e-mails to BargainCell , two long distance telephone calls , about an hour on the telephone , with them telling me that this ` charging kit ' is compatible with both Tungsten and Treo models.Well is ` not ' ... The cable will initiate a ` sync ' when the button is pressed , but it will not charge the E2 . Tested it myself , compared it to an original Palm cable and noticed that the cable from BargainCell has about half the number of pins in the connector base to connect to the Palm . No doubt missing the ones that provide the ` charging ' ! Kind-of makes the USB car adapter and the wall adapter like totally ` useless ' , unless someone wants to try and sync their palm to their car , or home!Looking around the Internet I see many similar products , all claiming to be compatible with both the Tungsten and the Treo.After this experience , with BargainCell still claiming that these cables are compatible with both models , now I have to question ` all ' other such listings , making the same claim!Paying nearly as much for shipping as the item itself , BargainCell expected me to send this back for a refund ! No doubt not refunding ` my ' shipping expenses back to them , and deducting the shipping expenses I already paid to have this sent to me ! Needless to say , a loosing proposition either way to me.Either go through all that trouble and expense for what would be a ` couple dollar ' refund , or keep the USB auto and wall charger and toss the cable in the garbage.With numerous other listing all making the same claim as to ` compatibility ' , I think I 'll save my time and aggravation and just spend the $ 20.00 and get an original from Palm!Had similar experiences with other ` so-called ' compatible imported products , dumped on the market cheaply . No more for me ! I 'll spend the extra and get original OEM products , and probably in the long run , actually save money , not having to deal with time lost on e-mails and telephone calls , after incompatibly issues are discovered , and companies not bothering to do proper research ! And what really gets me , is with something so ` simple ' ! BargainCell is most likely just a reseller of imported goods , taking the word of the importer as ` gospel ' , and not listening to a customer when they are called telling them that ` Hey ... this does n't work ' ! Do n't know what ` value ' others put on their time , but this experience probably wound up costing me more than double the cost of an OEM product!Was this really a ` Bargain ' ?
 With my -LRB- new -RRB- Palm TX and a Windows XP notebook , the charge/sync cable works , both syncing and charging -LRB- slow charge , I believe -RRB- . Neither the A/C wall plug nor the car plug work at all . Since total cost with shipping was $ 10.50 , I decided to keep it for just the cable .
 I ordered this set mostly for the cable since I was having synchronizing problems with my TX . What they sent me was not what is pictured . The cable hast no button and the wall charger is different too . I tried the cable and it did not work . Unfortunately returning things to amazon vendors is very hard . You lose the original shippment fee and have to pay for return postage and often a restocking fee . It 's more efficient to save your energy and throw this stuff in the trash !
 I got this pluged in , the charger with wall point is working fine the USB cable does n't work with the computer to sync the information between the computer and Palm Tungsten E2 . Then wehn I tried to take it off or unplug it from the device it got stuck and I can not do anything with it now . I have to buy a new Palm or organizer for me . it is a total lose . I hate it . I have to manually input all information to another organizer from the Palm .
 Well , when things are too good to be true , like a cheap adapter for your PDA , it is . The `` adapter '' I was sent was missing over half of the pins , it did n't fit my Palm TX well at all , and it had a FAKE hot sync button ! Not at all what the picture advertised . I made the mistake of not reading the reviews and if you are smarter than I and reading this , DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !
 I had read the reviews and just hoped I did n't get a duff one like some of the others . Guess what ? I got one that will hold a charge for 24 hours , unlike the factory original that works for 3 or 4 days ! Do n't buy this one . Get the all white one . Having said that some have complained about that one too ... maybe you just have to keep buying until you hit a good one . No doubt for the price of the `` real '' one you can afford to try a couple of times ! Good Luck .
 I order the case for a Treo 650 . When it arrived , I could n't even fit it into the case , it was too small . I did return it , but I had to pay the postage .
 What looked like a well made case when I purchased it just was not . The clip was just way to tight to put on or take off the belt . After 2 weeks the clip just ripped out of the side of the case while I was just taking it off . A total waste . Don `` t buy it . If it wont hold up very long . The leather is very thin and not strong . Disappointing !!!
 Here 's a nice looking Palm leather case , designed perfectly to fit the Treo 650/700 models . In fact , maybe it 's designed too perfectly , as getting the phone out quickly to answer a call is somewhat difficult.Yeah , the other reviews are positive -LRB- and that 's why I ordered this one -RRB- , but I 'm still looking for a case where my Treo can easily be removed from a protective holder .
 the case is decent but lacks the ability to not jack up your belt torning it up with everytime you clip it on ...
 Pouch felt clumsy . There was extra play where the phone could wiggle around in . Also the clip is so thin that it 's not good with sweatpants or scrubs . With the weight of the phone , it will flip over if it 's not clipped onto a belt .
 It took almost close to 3 weeks before I got the item , Amazon had the old address but I corrected it and sent an FYI to the seller and they acknowledge it but did not get to my present address till after like what I have mentioned close to three weeks .
 I recently bought this case because it seemed like it would work well to protect my screen while at work and last a long time , but I was wrong ... not only did it cause more damage to my screen becuase dust and dirt got trapped under the case and pressed against the screen causing scratches and marks ... . The case has actually broken already along the side . This case is terrible and I would not recommend it to anyone who is interested in keepin there phone look new . It is also rather inconvenient to charge becuase it is very difficult to open the cover on the charger to plug it in , I had to take the case off everynight to charge it ... DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 this charger worked one time , but will no longer even light up , put it in another car and it still did not work . I would have returned it but had lost the paper work on it . I am still in the need of a charger for my car .
 It worked fine the first few times I used it , then I had to position it a certain way for it to start charging , and if I did n't pay attention , it would randomly stop charging -LRB- before the battery was fully charged , of course -RRB- . After about two weeks of that I had to hold it in the phone at a certain angle or it would n't charge . And after that it just stopped working all together . I would have rather bought the Motorola brand charger in the first place than to have wasted any money on this one first , only to have to buy the brand name later . Note
 I never gotr this product from Eforcity . I sent them two e-mails , but they have not even responded.I am really upset that I paid , but got nothing in the mail.Fausto Maldonado
 i have tried this cover on 2 different bluetooths , and it does n't work for either of them . on one , even though the headset is turned off by closing the headset , the cover forces the bluetooth on . the other headset also goes into a different mode when in the cover . it arrived very fast , and it looks cool , but i am going to have to return it and exchange it for another model .
 When you need a basic , cheap cell phone this is it . It was free with 2 year contract . It has most of the functionality that you expect from a basic phone
 It was a great little phone for the first nine months . I 'll admit , it did have its share of dropped calls but as long as I had a decent signal all was well . In the past month and a half the phone has completely gone to peices . First the battery life went from lasting me about three days to lasting just a few hours , then the phone stopped accepting the charger -LRB- I usually have to hold it in , so the phone is useless when out and about -RRB- , and now almost every call gets dropped at least once . I took it back to Verizon and they told me I was going to need a new phone , that 's a $ 100 purchase without a plan for a cheap phone that 's not going to last the five years I had my Nokia for .
 You 'd think from the reviews of this phone that it 's the best thing since sliced bread . Well , guess what , NOT SO !!! This phone was partly appealing to me because of it 's small size and weight and lack of all the stupid techno features that seem to be loaded on to the phones today -LRB- do we really need phones that can take 4MP pictures with a 10x freaking zoom lens ??? -RRB- . Anyway , considering that it 's a barebones phone then , the battery life is pathetic ! I do n't mean it lasts only 180 minutes during talking instead of the advertised 220 , I mean this phone will have a full charge and within 45 minutes of talking to anyone on a brand new battery , it will go to 1 bar of charge or just go flat dead ! And of course , on standby it sucks out the battery life just as well . And I must clarify that all this is without even using the `` manner mode '' -LRB- vibrating mode -RRB- or screwing around with the speakerphone either.I have had MULTIPLE calls dropped despite the phone showing 1 bar of signal , and it happens randomly . This in spite of having `` Can you hear me now ? '' Verizon as my carrier . It really gets to you after a while that you can not carry on a decent conversation when your phone shows you have a signal , albeit a weak one.Another annoyance is that if you get a missed call , you get a notification that you had a missed call , and then you have to choose whether to view or to ignore . Now , you can ONLY choose this using the OK button . You ca n't use what the most logical button for this is , which is the left navigation control . Besides , it only shows the missed call number , it does not give you any information about what time that call was missed . One would think that this is at least somewhat important , especially if you 're a professional using this as a primary source of communication.And oh , I must clarify that you should not give the phone a benefit of doubt because I might have just received a damaged or poor quality handset that 's leading to the dropped calls or poor battery life , since I had ordered two phones for a family plan and both behave exactly the same .
 For about the first 6 months this phone worked great , but eventually the battery life and signal strength deteriorated . This phone says that it charges fully ; then within a few minutes it has lost all battery life . I have switched batteries several times , so I know it 's the phone . I have had so many dropped calls within these last six months
 Reception is bad and goes into analog mode , drains battery in 6 hours . Can not configure phone to disable analog mode/roaming .
 I bought this phone 3 months ago . It drops about half of the calls that I am on . It also does not ring for about 1/3 of my incoming calls . My old analog phone years ago did better than this one . I 'm taking my old phone back to get it turned back on again . This one gets the hammer treatment .
 i 've had this phone for a year now . it was my first phone . the first 6 monthes was great . until the reception started to die down and would drop my calls half the time . then the battery life started to go as well . the battery used to last up to 4-5 days.Im not so shore about the looks either . it was too simple for me . I just want something that has better looks , and more options kike get it now ringtones . i strongly suggest the nokia 6236i . my friend has it and he 's very satisfied with the looks , signal , and battery life .
 This is a really bad phone . My battery door falls off all the time , and then the battery falls out ! Also , my phone just shuts down by itself . I 've only had this phone for about a month ! Do n't get this phone !!
 When I received this product in the mail I was very disappointed . It was cheap , discolored , and the keypad was so badly printed that I decided to cut it out . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The Silicone case fits loosley aroud the phone & the input cutouts do n't aline well with the input jacks . I would never order one again .
 all batteries are sold with mAh ratings ... . this one says `` replace '' ... . how is one to know what the actual product is ... . batteries are sold in wide range of mAh levels , and it is silly to buy something without knowing ... . why the deception ?
 Amazon is getting so large it 's allowing stupid stuff to slip through.Review a paper insert ? It 's no good for anything , ca n't even use it in the outhouse -LRB- slick paper -RRB- .
 If you plan to keep the phone and contract , it should be good.AT & T would start billing from the day you order even before the phone arrives in your hand and the number switching does not work at all . They automatically assign numbers and start billing on that.Also , if you return it back to amazon make sure you call up AT & T as well to cancel your line . I learnt this the hard way and had to pay up 120 $ since i never called at & t and they send me a bill after 2 months ...
 junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk . junk junk junk junk . CyonGear Motorola RAZR V3 , V3c , & V3i Orange Silicone Case -LRB- Purchased on 07/26/2011 -RRB- . CyonGear Motorola RAZR V3 , V3c , & V3i Orange Silicone Case -LRB- Purchased on 07/26/2011 -RRB- .
 This phone absolutely , positively sucks . The camera does n't work well , the memory is very low and think about it , it does n't look that cool anyway . If you 're getting a plan consider getting something that you know you 'll like , but make sure you get a good deal on it . One more thing , there 's a problem with the reminder because the icon does n't go away and the buttons suck for texting .
 Do n't get this phone it has a crappy camera all the pics are dark unless in well lit areas . The phone also has a glitch
 This case is useless . It does not close shut . It is too tight for my new Motorola v600 .
 BOUGHT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND FOR CHRISTMAS LAST YEAR.HE WAS SO HAPPY WHEN HE GOT THEM ... THEN HE USED THEM ... THEY HAD A TERRIBLE ECHO AND THEN JUST STOPPED WORKING.I 'D NEVER BUY THESE AGAIN .
 I received the wrong car charger and I sent it back for replacement . As of December 23rd I had n't received the replacement yet!I hope they honor fheir word !
 Seeing as how my motorcycle breaks down every time I try to go anywhere other than work , I decided it was time to pickup a cheap pay-as-you-go phone for emergencys and whatnot . My local bestbuy only had about 4 pay-as-you-go phones , and as this was the only one with a flip screen I grabbed it.Reading the packaging it said full color custom graphics , downloadable ring tones , etc etc. . The sales person gave me the impression I would be able to customize my phones display interface with graphics and screen savers . WRONG.This phone comes with one cheesy screen saver , and 8 wallpapers that are even worse . The `` coolest '' wallpaper option was a bunch of little pink hearts . IM A MAN DAMNIT . GIVE ME SOME MANLY WALLPAPERS . Even having the option to choose a solid color would have made me 100 % happier . But ohhh no , that 's too much to ask for.The ring tones are just great , great meaning crappy . 5 generic tones . I 've had pagers that had 3 times as many tones . Sure you can buy new ones from VirginMobile at 2.50 a pop , but even at full volume you cant hear it if your phones in your pocket and you are anywhere there is any sort of noise.I ca n't speak for service yet , as I just brought the thing home , but I am pretty disapointed with the features available . I would have been better off making a security deposit and just going with a full-plan with a better phone.No wallpapers is n't really that big of a deal , but had I known that I would never have bought the phone . Could have got something better for around the same price or a little more .
 I was so hype about this phone . Yhe ringtones are great but are low and fuzzy . I spent 120 on this phone and Im extrememly upset that I spent this much money ... Ive also spent over 200 on minutes , when all u have to got to is venture mobile.its 4 college students ... check it out ventuer mobile . com ... any way . . I just think virgin mobile is ok ... 4 what it is . . if it adds free nights and weekends on its card , it will do Great !!!!!!!!!!!
 miserable reception , poor quality and terrible graphics , . at a point i was excited when i had this fone but now it just sucks , when talking you can barely hear the person ur talkin to overall this is a crap phone .
 This phone is complete garbage ! Please do not waste your money on any Virgin Mobile products because they use cheaper technology . Their website looks great but do n't be fooled ! They claim to offer songs that sound like the real thing but this is far from the truth . Their ringtones are terrible , even when played at the lowest volume , they still sound like garbage . They will not refund you any money even if you call them right after getting their lousy ringtone.I wasted $ 120.00 on this phone and boy am I stupid for doing that ! You ca n't download any screensavers or background images and the ones they give you are ridiculous . Aside from this , you ca n't download any games on the phone either . Believe me , do n't waste your money on their products . As if this was n't enough , the phone never has good reception . I work indoors and my phone always loses connection to the network . Everyone else gets perfect reception with their phones from Cingular , Verizon , etc. . . Another thing is they do n't care about the customer or making their product worth what it costs . I emailed the customer service and their first concern was to make it known that they will not refund any money ! I mean , before they even tried to answer my question they wanted to make sure they made it clear that they are n't giving any money back.I would n't pay $ 20.00 for this phone knowing what I do now . PLEASE DO N'T BE A SUCKER AND WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE !!!!
 My old Audiovox phone , the 8500 was great . It fell in the toilet , though , and they did n't sell them anymore at the Virgin webstore , so I bought the 8610 at a local Sprint store . What a big mistake . It is awful with the poor sound quality , short battery life , horrible ringtones , and worst of all , I was unable to ever retrieve my voicemail ! Hello ? and it has the most horrible graphics . Does anyone want to buy it , along with all the accessories ?? It is barely used ... So I looked on Ebay and found a used 8500 and bid on it , won it , and now I am happy again as it is far superior to the 8610 . I like the 8500s micro-size , simplicity , ringtones , animated graphics , etc. . I must be careful not to lose it , or drop it in the toilet again , though . My 8500 was replaced last year when I lost the first one , but I can not get another replacement as I bought this one used.The pay as you go works fine for me as I do not want to have a cell phone clued to my head . I use it to check my land line for messages and for brief calls . Do not buy the 8610 , whatever you do !
 I bought an Audiovox 8610 cell phone last week and it broke after just two days . I had never had such a letdown experience with electronics before.While it worked I thought it was an okay cell phone . The ringtones on the phone are really dumb and there are only 3 or 4 music tones , all of which sound stupid . The ringtones are also too soft to hear if you carry the phone on the street . One look and you 'll see this is _ NOT _ a durable phone at all . The all-plastic body feels it 'll break anyday now . Well in my case I did n't drop it or anything , it just would n't turn on after 2 days . By the way folks , the battery is _ IMPOSSIBLE _ to remove , without damaging the phone body.This is an expensive product with poor quality .
 Phone : The Audiovox 8610 is a color flip phone . Its all plastic casing makes it feel very cheap and flimsy . The battery cover is almost impossible to take off , so be sure to write down your ESN before you snap on the battery -LRB- the ESN is also printed on the box -RRB- . The screen is small , which is not surprising given how small and lightweight the phone is . The screen is hard to see outdoors in broad daylight . The keys are arranged in an unusual way but not hard to get used to ; but they do have terrible tactile feedback , probably one of the worst keypads on a cell phone I 've used.The volume on this small phone is also lacking , even at the highest level . Voice calls are generally clear . Virgin Mobile licenses Sprint 's digital PCS network , which means there 's no roaming . Be sure to check the coverage map on virginmobileusa.com before you buy a Virgin Mobile phone.Overall , the phone feels and functions like a cheap toy . I was disappointed by the lack of quality for a phone that cost me over $ 100 . Service : Initial online set-up took just five minutes and the phone pretty much worked right away after I programmed it . But , dealing with Virgin Mobile was a nightmare for me . After I activated online I decided to transfer my old number with AT&T ; -LRB- which REALLY sucks -RRB- to Virgin Mobile , so I called customer care . I was put on hold for 30 minutes before a live rep picked up . The grinding hold music they played was the most annoying I 've ever heard . Then the rep told me in order to transfer the number I had to talk to a different department.So I was put on hold for another good 15 minutes . Then I was told since I had already activated the phone I could n't initiate the transfer that day . I would have to call back in 24 hours . So I called back in 2 days and went through the long holding time again . Then I got to talk to a fast-talking rep with little patience . She talked so fast and with an accent that I had trouble following her , and she got upset ! I ca n't believe they hire teenage labor for the customer care dept. I guess they just want to save money and make money . Anyway , that call was 5 business days ago and when I called back this morning , surprise , their system was `` down '' so they could n't help me . So I 'm still waiting for my old number -LRB- which stopped working a week ago -RRB- to be activated on my Virgin Mobile phone . I should not have brought this hassle on myself .
 to start out , the phone is good and nice if you want to show off . The real music tones are very weak and cant make out what theyre saying because of the bad audio . Also it cost wayyy to much . It cost 25cents for the 1st 10 minutes . wayy to much . Thats 2.50 cents a day just to get 10 cents a minutue . Listen if you want a Bargain , go to www.attwireless.com for some refubished color flip phones . Theyre are only 10 dollars . No Joke . I just but a LG1150 for 10 dollarsd when they had it for the go phone . But if you get one you wont regret it . Att also offer free nights and weekends and the rest is 10cents . THe best part is its PREPAID .
 The phone seemed like a bargain if you do n't use a cell phone very much , and it would have been if there were any signal . I live and work in the metro Kansas City area . Everyone at my work uses their cell phones just fine . I have no signal at all . Same for me at home . If you buy a bargain phone and ca n't use it , it 's no bargain !!!
 I purchased this phone to upgrade from my Kyocera K9 . The K9 was a fine phone , but I wanted to get something that was a little smaller and would more easily fit in my pocket . The 8610 was on sale so I figured what the heck.I found the Audivox much harder to program , though the color display was a lot easier to read , so I figured it was a trade off and I 'd get used to it . Unfortunately , the phone was a lemon . It would hang up when I answered calls . It would time out when I tried to place calls and at one point reprogramed itself so that the # 1 button started calling someones phone number instead of voicemail . I do have to hand it to Virgin . I emailed them about the problem and they sent me the instructions to reset the phone within minutes . This solved the voicemail problem , but did nothing about the other issues . I then fought my way through `` Simone '' and got a real person , who listened to me , was helpful and eventually got me a FedeX form so I could send the phone off for service . The phone is now in a box waiting for FedeX to pick it up and bring it to the phone hospital . I am back to the K9 and I 'm not sure I want the Audiovox back at this point . All this said , I have been reading reviews of this phone , and I really do n't understand the complaints about Virgin itself . I am very happy with the service . I only wish they had better choices in an affordable flip phone , and I really wish they would do something about `` Simone '' the virtual phone service . I 'm past a certain age and no longer speak hip . Otherwise the rates are very competetive , any money you pay in rolls over , and there are 3 options in order to figure out a plan that suits your needs . I am on a budget and pay as you go makes sense for me . I have looked at all of the other pay as you go plans and there is a use it or lose it clause in all of their pay as you go plans . If you really waste that much time on your cell phone , then you might want to get a contract service , but you might be better off getting a life instead .
 This was my first phone , and initially , I was excited just to have a hip looking flip phone , let a lone a phone . However , as I began to play around with it , I was disappointed . The wallpapers suck , and the one I chose was a phony pineapple with an aqua background . It got old pretty quick . You can customize the greeting , but its limited to few characters , so you ca n't really even write much , and its pretty boring looking anyway . I do n't really care about games , but the black jack hands are the same at the start of every game , which is a bit annoying for the times when I 'm bored . Probably the most irksome thing about the phone is the voicemail . Firstly , virgin charges you minutes for listening to voicemail , which is same for many providers . However , if you plan on managing your messages or deleting/saving or just replaying them , you 're screwed . Your newer messages go to the end of your messages , so after you call your voicemail , it takes a good 2 minutes for me to even get to the end . It skips and is really slow besides . I would also not recommend virgin to anybody that talks for more than a few minutes a day ... it becomes a money pit . I switched to T-Mobile today and I am awe struck with the more mature and high-tech phone I recieved . Do n't waste your money on virgin or this phone .
 I have used VM for about 2 years and this is my second phone with them . I got it to upgrade broken K7 Rave phone and I honestly do not like this phone . I am not a big cell phone user but I have some experience with motorolla phones . There are few pluses to this unit :1 . Flip phone - small , you can put one in the pocket without locking the keyboard . Light due to being small . This particular one is thin with the smaller battery .2 . Speaker phone - this is convenient but speaker phone is not very good on this model.There are much more negative points : - Battery life is not good . On standby battery drains much quicker than advertised . I dont talk too much so ca n't comment on talk time . - Ringer is a disgrace . You can barely hear it with any noise around . I was in the supermarket , which is not a noisy place , and managed to miss a call . Vibration does not help much as it is very weak as well . I have an OK hearing and can hear any other phones fine . - Screen is impossible to read in a bright light . - Feature set is lame . This was probably requested by VM so you could not use this phone without their service . There is no decent ring tone in this phone . I am not looking for any music just for a normal loud ringer . There are only 5 musical tones all of which are lame and I do n't want to experiment with VM tones at $ 2.50 a pop . - There is NO ability to backup your contacts so if you lose your phone you will lose all of your contact . You have to carry an organizer to write down contacts . Original phone has all these features but VM probably removed them so no one can put ringtones on the phone . - There is no beep at the end of the minute which is a must have feature for prepayed phone IMHO . - There is no voice dial unlike a cheaper K7 phone . This is obscure feature but it is nice to have . It is not must though . - Pull out anthenna ??? In this day and age ? This anthenna does not add anything to reception quality and can be easy broken . - There is no easy accessable call timers . This is a great feature that can tell you how many minutes you have used since you got your phone and since you reset the timer . - Wallpaper is lame and there is no way to turn it off . I would prefer a simple color on the screen . - You can not receive MMS , like pictures or any other attachments . Original phone could do this but VM turned it off.Over all it is pretty disappointing phone . Save yourself some money and get a Rave or higher end phone if you want a flip phone.Personally I will leave VM as soon as my year expires or I use up all my minutes whichever comes first . T-Mobile seems to have almost as good of a deal for not frequent users and allows you to use your own phone .
 This review is more about Virgin Mobil customer service than the phone . I ordered a VOX 8610 on 1/22/2007 online thru Virgin Mobile . The phone would n't charge . I called customer service and explained the problem . They said did I want a charger or another phone . I replied that I could not tell if it was the charger or the phone that was at fault so please send a new kit . I received a phone but not a charger and it also would n't charge.I called customer service and explained the issue and it must be the charger at fault . The rep said they would not send a new charger , that I would have to purchase one.I said this did n't make any sense , according to the offer I could return the phone for a full refund and does that mean that to get a new phone and charge I need to return the phones for a refund and then order another one to get a charger ? The support rep said yes and that I had to make up my mind - either return the phone or purchase a charger.I asked to speak to a supervisor . The customer support rep kept going off line -LRB- to talk to someone ? -RRB- but refused or could n't get a supervisor to talk to me . She then asked for the ESN number of the phone . When I said I did n't know what an ` ESN ' number she indignantly explained that it was like a serial number on the back of thephone . I 'm not clear why she needed this , since I have n't activated the phone and I already referenced the order -LRB- vmu -RRB- number . At any rate I had been on the phone now for over 40 min with the support rep -LRB- obviously not very cost effective for virgin mobile -RRB- and at least she was trying to track down some info - or so I thought - she finally came back on line and said that the computer was down and she could n't handle my order - that I would have to call back . I called back , had to work my way thru the answering system and got thru to RMA and a fellow named Mike . Mike explained that they could n't send a charger -LRB- none in stock -RRB- and that I would have to send the entire phone back - which is what I am now doing - 60 + minutes after the initial call.I have to say that my interactions with virgin mobile so far has not been positive . They customer service staff is obviously poorly trained and not empowered to make decisions . The interfaces with support are youth geared - not a bad thing except when it is at the expense of treating adults courteously and professionally . I am sending the phone back for a refund and re-considering the provider for pay-as-you-go service . 01/26/2007 .
 I purchaced this phone and activted it online and everything went smooth , until I wanted to call someone or someone tried to call me . I found out that their is absolutly no reception around where I live . So much for Virgin Mobile having a good coverage area it is only in very specific areas . so i guess it is a good phone if you live in an area where you get reception . Good luck
 VIRGIN MOBILE IS A RIPOFF AND YOU GUYS ARE GETTING RIPOFFED , March 15 , 2006Reviewer
 This phone is just terrible , to the point that it 's almost laughable . It gets terrible reception , the battery is just awful and , believe it or not , the phone is actually a liar . It has no real idea of how much battery life if left so it goes ahead and tells you everything is fine ... then within minutes -LRB- and not having talked on it at all -RRB- it just dies.Just ringing drains its battery ... It 's kind of sad .
 I reluctantly bought this phone because my Kyocera Slider suddenly died on me conveniently 3 months after VM 's warranty was up and i had just purchased a $ 20 phone card + had airtime credits which were not refundable.Now i am not a teen and my phone and things do not receive harsh treatment.My kyocera slider actually looked like new when it died with no scratches what-so-ever so i was pretty upset.After multiple calls and 2 emails to VM it was pretty clear they were n't going to do anything to help.I was offered a replacement slider at $ 20 . Obviously I did n't want the same one that could possibly die on me after a couple of months so like i was saying I had no other recourse but to purchase this Audiovox 8610 . By the way AFTER I PURCHASED THE PHONE AT A LOCAL STORE IN TOWN -LRB- when i called to activate the phone -RRB- they have the nerve to tell me that I could 've purchased the same 8610 from them at a discount price of $ 24.99 because the slider died.The f!@%ng idiots!HELLO COULD YA NOT HAVE TOLD ME SOONER ??? and after i spent $ 50 + tax.sheesh!Anyway back to the phone review . . the ringer is indeed low as others have reported here.Its so low that if its in my purse i ca n't even hear it ! WTF ??? Also the battery life sucks , no sooner does the thing ring and the batteries at half.It also doesnt get good service with the VM/Sprint network , my slider had xcellent service w/it despite everything and rarely if ever dropped calls.So I 've had it 5 days and I 'm considering attempting to bring it back where I purchased it from.However i do n't want to buy an expensive phone from VM because I 'm seriously reconsidering continuing w/them . The way I see it VM leaves alot to be desired with the quality of phones they sell + they are expensive.I am a lite user but if you talk slightly more than usual you end up feeling it wallet - wise.Prior to these issues I was a happy VM customer but not anymore .
 First of all , my 8610 has what I would call barely passing qualities . It only works in high density population areas , goes out underground , and is very hard to hear conversations with . The main reason I am writing this is the dishonest service I have gotten from Virgin Mobile . They added an extra service to it , `` Joke of the Day '' , without me giving the OK , and charged me for it . I had n't used my phone in a week and discovered all of these `` Jokes of the Day '' , and a with a message from Virgin , a week ago , telling me they were starting the `` Joke '' service , with payment , unless I indicated not to . I feel that I should be given the choice of saying `` Yes '' or `` No '' before the service is started . Well , the `` Joke '' is on them , I 'll be dropping them and looking for someone more honest and reliable . Also , I know someone else who had Virgin pull a similar stunt on . the person stopped the ` extra ' service , and later on , VIrgin started it up again , without notifying them .
 You might want to think twice about buying an Audiovox phone . I 've had one for 21/2 months now . Well , I 've actually had it only 2 months . It took a little over two weeks for the company to repair it when it stopped getting any signals.But , less than 24 hours after I got it back the phone another problem ! This time with the keypad . Audiovox wo n't let the dealer replace it . It 's got ta be sent back again.So , bad quality , bad repair , and bad customer service . Buy at your own risk .
 I bought a BH-200 and was not good . The other person can not ear my voice , too much noise ... This headphone replaced a HDW-3 and it was very good , but there is no more .
 My Headset came with a button failure . . i had to fix it myself
 This was posted as being an adapter that would fit my headset that I was ordering . Does n't fit it .
 This is one of the worst designed charging units I 've seen . The light never seems to stay lit , even when you hold the device into the outlet . When connected to the headset the charing does n't last more then ten minutes before it stops , and not because it 's fully charged . Until Plantronics changes the connection style of the devices sold , I will not purchase another one ...
 It says as if its a general charger for plantronics ... but I see no way it fits for the charge !
 This did not work with my HTC One S. My phone allerted me about not receiving enough power , and that using this charger could result in damage . The seller accepted my return with no problems .
 I was very disappointed with this skin case cover . The product was apparently altered to fit my phone . Altough Palm Treos all share the same characteristics , -LRB- I have the 700wx -RRB- I was expecting to get the skin specifically designed for my phone . The place where the antenna is to come through was cut out -LRB- poorly I might add -RRB- and because the skin was not designed for my phone pressing certain buttons was also difficult . I would be very careful with purchasing items like this because I paid for a new item and it was physically altered .
 My first 3 days with the EarBoom Winder have been very disappointing . When I make a call when driving , the `` reel '' part of the EarBoom dangles down awkwardly and sometimes gets wrapped around the gear shift . Obviously , this is not good . It takes away much -LRB- all ? -RRB- of the safety of a hands-free kit . I encountered a buzzing noise when making calls . I never get this with the stock hands-free kit that ships with my Motorola V60i . Yesterday , the EarBoom stopped working . I could n't hear anything through it . This is probably because the reel hangs down , and the wire is getting loose in its connection . I give this product a 2 , and not a 1 , because I did some tests and found that voice transmission was clearer with the Jabra than with my stock hands-free kit . I 'm going to return this product and get a Jabra EarBroom -- without that darn winder !
 Great Product , Great Performance . But ca n't they make a system that does n't lose the earbud ? I spend all my time retracing my steps looking for the dang things . ... If they fix that I 'll give it 5 Stars .
 I bought this headset for my husband and he has had all sorts of problems with it . He had to exchange the first unit because the ear piece came apart , exposing wires . With his second , so far , he has lost all but 1 of the EarGels because there is no way to fasten them securely - he even tried gluing one on . He traveled to Las Vegas and , having lost the EarGel on the plane , he went to a cellular phone store to buy a replacement pack . He was told by the store manager that many people come in asking for the same thing for the same reason , but that Jabra is refusing to sell the EarGels separately . They obviously do n't realize what a problem it is -LRB- or what an opportunity they have to replace items so easily lost -RRB- .
 I have been anxious for a product like this but was dissappointed with the results . The winder , itself , works well , however other aspects of the design are poor . The ear gels are comfortable , but I lost 4 in a week because they got knocked off the earpiece while it was clipped to my belt . The sound quality of the earpiece is okay , but the sound quality of the microphone is poor . The foam covering for the microphone is also easily lost while travelling on your belt . -LRB- That happened the first day . -RRB- Motorola makes a similar product for their phones and Radio Shack has one for various models , but this is the only product I know of to fit my Nokia 8200 .
 I 've purchased two of these . Both have broken within months of purchase . The earpiece case is made of two pieces , which seperate from each other all too easily . Simply pulling the earboom out of its snug fitting will cause the case to split . The sound quality is adequate and the self-retracting design is great for eliminating tangles but I ca n't bring myself to purchase a third one.I 'm embarrassed that I was dumb enough to make the same mistake * twice * ...
 With only lightest use , managed to lose 3 of the ear cushions in less than 3 wks . Plus the bracket no longer holds the earboom on the winder.Now I can hear but no one on the other end can . Plus it falls out of my ear . I know the the cushions are cheap and replaceable but I 'd need to buy 10 packs ... Would love to find one that would stand up to daily use .
 I must admit that when this product arrived , it was a great looking earpiece . Its slick , and it even comes with several different colored snap-ons . My excitement ended when I placed it on my ear . It just hangs there ! Why on earth would anybody want to wear that ?! While driving , it swings around . Moreover , the plastic piece that connects the microphone/earpiece to the hanging-ear-thingy is about 1mm thick and could be broken simply by a drop to the floor . It took about 10 seconds for me to realize that this product is going straight back to Amazon !
 There 's not much to say about this item except that I 'm embarrassed and regretful that I did n't send it back during the 30-day return period.Here 's why it 's awful :1 -RRB- It 's a pain to actually GET on your ear!Unlike the wonderful in-ear jabra gel thing I use with my cordless phone at home , this takes at least 20-30 seconds to get on my ear each and every time . Not the sort of thing you want to be doing while driving , which sort of defeats the purpose now , does n't it ? 2 -RRB- It 's uncomfortable when it 's against your ear.Rough plastic . ` nuff said .3 -RRB- The sound quality -- at least on my end -- is lousy.When there 's even a moderate amount of ambient noise , I have a lot of trouble hearing the other party , though they can hear me just fine.Definitely a bummer of an item , and quite a disappointment after my earlier happy experience with Jabra !
 By the `` specs '' , this device offers me what I want ; freedom from holding my brick -LRB- cell phone -RRB- whenever I need to use it -LRB- often -RRB- . After using it for about a week , here 's my thoughts ; Sound quality
 Avoid this product like the plague . It is so horribly designed that it makes me wonder if they actually did product and usability testing . Ok , ok so here 's why
 I use other Jabra hands-free kits and like them , so I was surprised to find out how bad this one was . The `` winder '' box wraps around the stick shift of my car , making it a driving hazard . The connection between the wire and the box got loose , causing the device to stop working completely after two days .
 I liked the size and weight of the 700 and was satisfied with its sound quality although somewhat tinny sounding on my end , BUT , many of my clients complained about the reception on their end . Their complaints were that I sounded far away and very tinny . After a couple weeks of hearing complaints , I returned the 700 , and purchased the Plantronics 510 . Although the 510 is a larger headset , it is very comfortable for extended periods and fits better -LRB- feels more secure on my ear -RRB- than the Cardo Scala 700 . I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end .
 I recieved this headset in the mail yesterday . I was very excited to try it out . While sitting at my computer working this unit seemed to work pretty well . However , this unit for some reason , will not allow the person on the other end to hear you when they make any noise . So , if you are talking and they , comment , laugh , burp , or whatever ... it blocks you out . This is impossible to use in business or even casual conversaion . I can not have a Walkie Talkie type of thing going on . The other person will miss half the conversaion ... its not very practical . The other thing that is horrible is the road noise in the car . I drive a hour to work and a hour home and this is the primary use for this device . The headset picked up my voice just fine but also picked up and amplified the car noise ... this with the sterio OFF . I didnt even attempt to try adding additional noise . Size wise this headset rocks ... ease of use is great , and the options are nice . This is the only reason why this unit gets any stars.FYI - This unit was paired to the Motorola Razor and the Nokia 3660 with same results .
 When I finally got the device paired , the small piece of plastic that wraps around the ear broke in half . So I had use of the headset for two weeks only . I am a very disappointed customer .
 Some background information about myself :1 . Using Sprint RAZR2 . Wearing glasses3 . My first BT headsetI really do n't have much expectation about BT headsets after doing some extensive research . Common complaints
 Alas , I did the research . I checked the reviews . I really thought this new version of Cardo 's BT Headset would be terrific -- but it 's not.It does fit in and around my ear ok and is comfortable . The controls are easy enough , and it matches up fine with my Motorola phone . But , the supposed top notch noise and wind canceling feature -LRB- s -RRB- is absolutely useless ! If I 'm sitting in a quiet room , it 's pretty good . Get outside in any wind , or around crowds , or a busy city area and - to the other caller it sounds like I 'm in a battlefield zone . It picks up every little noise and amplifies it . My suggestion -- keep searching ...
 I had to return 2 Scala700 bluetooth devices because I found both the original as well as its replacement to be defective .
 I was so excited for this headset and after it finally arrived I was surprised by how cheap it felt in my hands . The buttons are not very responsive and the ear loop is a joke . You put the plastic ear loop through a hole in the headset and slide it up and down to adjust - no locking mechanism of any sort . The headset itself does n't stay in place on the loop if any pressure is applied -LRB- ie
 I never even charged it and tried it , so I ca n't speak to it 's sound quality or anything . The earpeice itself was flimsy and uncomfortable , so I returned it and ordered a different one .
 First let me say that I try to be impartial and read all of these reviews before purchasing the headset . Unfortunately this time around given all the positive reviews for the scala 700 I chose poorly . Get the Motorola H700 which is the first bluetooth headset from Motorola to actually match in voice quality and volume the advanced design and features they have had for some time .1 -RRB- The voice quality stinks . In an absoutely quiet environment the headset was semi-intelligible . In a more challenging environment like outdoors or in a car the headset was useless .2 -RRB- The headset is uncomportable to use and hurts my ears3 -RRB- The scala is very hard to turn on and off and sync up with your phone4 -RRB- The product looks and feels cheap
 Pros
 this one is small , but the microphone volume is too low . When I called my friends , they all said that they hardly heard my voice .
 Pros
 Received headset Dead on Arrival . Was told to ship back for replacement . Shipped back at my expense and was then informed a week later that it was discontinued and I was refunded the price less shipping . So I 'm out $ 12 in shipping for the joy of holding this nice looking piece if junk.Overall I will never purchase from mobilecityonline again!Merry Christmas !
 I do a bit of remote PC support and liked the idea of utilizing a hands-free bluetooth set that I could sync with my Motorola Razr . I did a lot of research and felt that this looked to be the best in quality ; unfortunately I was in for a surprise.There honestly were no positives :1 -RRB- There was a lot of static on my end , no matter where I placed the phone .2 -RRB- The headset feels CHEAP - feels like a 25-cent toy .3 -RRB- The kicker - I ca n't stand the way it fits on the ear ; unfortunately it just hangs there . It IS possible to bend the earpiece to sort-of fit your ear but nothing really ever felt secure . I could n't smile or shake my head without constantly wondering if the headset would fall off.I gave it a few days and called it quits . Now this was the first headset I had ever used and was expecting the best and received what seemed like the worst . I intended to try another before I 'd go out and purchase a full blown headset so I did a little research and decided to go with the Plantronics Voyager 510 and what a difference - no static , solid , and it fits SECURELY .
 I bought this because the reviews were good . I have a KRAZR . It paired with minimal fuss , and I used it several times with good results , although it felt impossibly cheap -LRB- as if it would fly apart any moment just by using it -RRB- . After two weeks -LRB- and using it three times -RRB- , the volume control stuck on high . You could hold the headset at arms length and still hear the people speaking to you . Totally unacceptable . I 've returned it.Borrowed my father 's H500 Motorola and could n't believe the difference in how well the Motorola was constructed vs. this - I thought perhaps all headsets were like this Cardo . Not so.Would not buy another Cardo headset due to the cheap construction -LRB- it reminded me of a dollar store toy -RRB- .
 Just scanning through the reviews on this site , you would think that this is a great Bluetooth headset . Well I received mine yesterday , and here are some of my observations :1 -RRB- Incoming Sound Quality
 There is not enough volume for either the called party or the caller , but it is especially bad for the called party . However , it does connect consistently in my experience and funtions properly .
 only 41/2 months oldCardo Scala 700 - Bluetooth Headset -LSB- Retail Packaged -RSB-
 I bought this because of the noise-cancellation features . It 's peformance is very disappointing . I have stopped using it in my car because of noise complaints on calls and gone back to my old Palm bluetooth headset . I could not recommend this headset except in very quiet environments .
 I purchased one of these and kept it for two weeks.Pros
 I ordered this product and I was excited upon it 's arrival . I quickly charged it and it paired easily to my Blackberry Pearl . I immediately noticed that the button on the headset was slightly loose due to a tiny gap because of it 's build and everytime I would move my head it would rattle in my ear . This would eventually drive me crazy.I then noticed that the sound was not very clear , though I could hear the person on the other end , it sounded like they were talking into a funnel . This product did fit my ear well and it is very light perhaps because it is made of plastic and feels like it is hollow on the inside -LRB- When you hold it , it feels cheaply built -RRB- . I do n't know if it is just a cheaply made product or if the one I received was just defective ?? Either way with so many issues I just ca n't recommend this product . I have since returned it and moved on to the Blueant X3 Micro , which I just received but so far seems much better than the Scala 700 , but still too early to review . Hope this review helps someone ...
 I bought this product with great expectations . Heres my review about it -- The ear loop is not comfortable , you ca n't wear it for more than 30 mins . - If you are planning to use it for voice activated calling -LRB- using Motorola Q or Verizon XV 6700 -RRB- . The voice activation over bluetooth does not work -LRB- although phone supports it -RRB- . - Most of the times you can not receive calls -LRB- according to user manual short press of contol button will receive a call -RRB- . But 4 out of 5 times it does not work . - Only thing I was able to do was to make calls consistently . - Call quality is not that great you will hear a staticky hiss on background . - I am not impressed with the wind guard technology . - Battrey life is very good .
 the product does not work with the Treo 700 phone . I have friends with the Treo 650 that use the Cardo 500 model and it works fine . I actually borrowed someones Cardo 500 and it works withmy Treo 700 just fine . Can you help me with this problem ?
 its like basically it doesnt work for me . i cant adjust it right , then the people i talk to always complain about hearing backround noise . i really needed to find my bluetooth one night and i tried the calling someone else and using the volume key and that didnt work so i had to find my bluetooth and it was hard tryin to do that .
 This headset has very sharp edges and is painfull to wear . The wire ear loop has very cheap feel to it . Stay away from this headset you will not be happy with this headset at all .
 First unit would not charge or turn on , unless plugged in . Same problem with the replacement . Even if I got a functioning one now , I 'd wonder how long can it possibly be good for.I 've had a SCALA 500 for about 4 years , and it 's been just about perfect . I recently dropped it , and the speaker cover and one of the wires have come off , but now I 'll be soldering it back together - even after a few weeks of sitting in my `` dead electronics '' drawer , it is still charged , and works well when the contact is held closed .
 If you have ever dropped your cell phone , this is n't the product for you . I dropped the earpiece once and it completely fell apart . I emailed customer service and they never responded . Instead purchase the Platronics earpiece because it sounds great and is sturdy .
 I have tried 4 different bluetooth models/makes . Some in the $ 25 range all the way up to $ 100 . The bottom line is fit and sound . I have not found one that has both benefits , and I have had one just quit . This model while functional and easy to use was floppy on the ear and one of my least favorites . It has been frustrating , when most of the cell phones are free or nearly so and the bluetooth sets while not that expensive , are such a small piece of hardware for the price . Not pleased . I think it is the latest rip off in the personal electronics market .
 The sound quality of this headset is pretty good . It looks and feels very poorly made , almost like if you drop it it would just break which is not a very reasurring quality that you would want in a headset . Personally when i get a headset I would rather not a have a little plastic piece that i put in the blue tooth and then around my ear.the main reason i wanted to return it was that it hurt my ear and did not fit right at all . My friend put it in his ear and had no problems it depends on if you happen to have a larger ear and do n't care about the filmsy problem then its very well priced and go for it , if you have small ears like me and my mother -LRB- who also bought one and returned it because it just has no padding and is sharp and hurts -RRB- , then i would not recommend this headset .
 I purchased this headset because I had a scala 500 previously and was impressed with it -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . This headset however turned out to be a disappointment . I had used it with my Nokia 9300i , a BlackBerry and my land line using a Bluetooth adapter . This headset can switch between two phones which is a big plus since I have a phone for work and my own personal phone - but it does n't always work . It usually works the first time and then does n't reconnect until I power it off AND turn off the bluetooth on the handset and turn them both back on . I did get the switching to work with the land line and my Nokia , but the headset did n't work well with the land line - too low of a volume . There are also times the headset will disconnect for no reason although this only happened once while I was on a call . I also get a lot of `` can you repeat that '' or `` I ca n't hear you '' which again is disappointing because the Scala 500 did not have these issues . My headset also split along the plastic seem and had to be glued back together - the scala 500 I had went through a washer and dryer and still worked ! I just think the 700 is actually a step backwards from the 500 and therefore can not recommend it .
 I had one of these prior to this purchase and it worked great . I dropped that one down 2 flights of stairs so I made this purchase . The second one is terrible ! Static at any/every range - I could n't hear anything but static . I hope this is a `` freak thing '' for Cardo but my experience is 50/50 and those are not good enough odds to make another Cardo purchase .
 I was excited about this new Scala 700 because I had like my 500 so much . The 700 had the potential to connect to multiple devices so it would make changing from one BT device to another simple.The good news is that it does support multiple devices flawlessly.The bad news is that it picks up background noise worse than any other BT headset I have every used . The slightest wind , road noise , airport noise , etc caused the caller on the other end want to end the call until I was in a quiet place . It is also not comfortable with some of its sharp edges . Totally unacceptable in my opinion .
 Very flimsy , cheap product . Takes 8 seconds MINIMUM to turn On/Off . Battery life only a couple days . I sure expected better from the previous reviews .
 I actually read a couple reviews before buying that spoke quite highly of this headset . At first the ill-fitting earpiece was n't enough to dampen my spirits , because I thought it supposedly had great `` noise cancelling '' technology . Then I continued to have friends and family tell me how rare that great sound was from their perspective .
 While this product was easy to sync up , my first minute of conversation with it contained a lot of ` what ? ' for the other party . I actually returned it and will continue with my wired ear piece .
 I bought it because of the great reviews it had . It actually is not that great . It is not that loud and i still can not get it to stay in my ear right . I had a scala 500 but lost it . I would rather have it instead of the 700 .
 The electronics part of this product work great . The design of the ear piece is terrible , as if it was an after thought . 90 % of people will not like the way this product fits on their ear .
 The part that goes into your ear is waay too big to fit comfortably in any reasonable person 's ear . I 'm a 6 ' 1 '' , 200lb guy , and I do n't think of my ear 's as abnormally small in proportion to my body , so that should tell you something.Also , any time that your phone is not 3 feet in line-of-sight from the phone , it starts getting interference with weak sound and buzz.Moreover , it is very hard to get it to fit in your ear with the way the earpiece works .
 Disappointed with this headset , although I have tried just as bad or worse . Based on others ' reviews for Treo 700 , I tried it and do not like that there is almost constant static on the headset , and the bluetooth range is significantly less than 10 feet . People tell me it is like listening to me through a tunnel ; sound quality is pretty bad most of the time . The great feature about it is the finding it feature , which worked for me immediately and quite well . All headsets should have this feature as a standard . This is not enough for me to keep it ; I am returning it .
 I ordered 20 styluses -LRB- proper plural styli ? -RRB- from Eforcity through Amazon 's website . I noticed in the confirmation that I would be buying the product at the listed price of $ 1.01 -LRB- $ 20.20 total -RRB- and be charged $ 3.99 EACH for `` Shipping and Handling '' -LRB- add another $ 79.80 -RRB- , though it was shipped in one box . I ended up refusing the shipment and complaining to Amazon . And today , Amazon requests that I review that transaction . Computers , although displaying a measure of artificial intelligence , can only go so far towards being smart.Oh , and I expect that this review does not match Amazon 's `` review guidelines '' and nobody will ever see it . Hello .
 I really thought that the Plantronic 's name meant quality . I gave up trying to keep this thing on my ear . Not doing my homework properly , I did n't understand that the conical ear piece is the part that hangs on to your ear . The rest of the frame is , I guess , for show . Its pretty unstable and kind of flops around in your ear . I never got comfortable enough with it to evaluate the headset for its sound quality . Another wasted $ 35.00 I am pretty soon going to give up buying anything on-line . There 's something to be said for old fashion brick & mortar stores where you can see an item and try it before you waste money on it . This was n't worth the time and expense to return .
 The Nokia Bh-900 is a bit disappointing . Loses connection at a very short distance -LRB- 8-10 feet -RRB- .
 I purchased this unit after reading how clear the transmission quality was ; several had said that those being called could n't tell when they were using their headset , or speaking directly into their phone.While the voice quality is good , I had problems with the following
 I bought this blue tooth headset because I read good reviews . When I received it and tried it out I had issues with my LG VX8300 cell phone . I called Nokia support and was told Nokia could only guarantee 100 % compatibility with Nokia phones and could do nothing for me . I sent it back for a refund . I just wish the blue tooth manufacturers would let people know about which phones are or are not compatible with their products .
 The item was not working properly , every now and then it would shut off automatically , talk time was not as advertised , I had to buy another headset .
 This headset looks good on paper , but unlike most other Bluetooth units , it does not have a speaker that protrudes into your ear from the headset . I found myself doing everything possible to hear people and get the speaker closer to my ear . If I turned the volume up as high as it goes , I just about heard the person on the other end . Most of the time I would grab it off my ear and just use the phone speaker.On the plus side , it 's nicely designed and simple to use . Just do n't expect to feel that it 's working while you 're wearing it.After a week of fiddling , this ones going right back to Amazon . I 'll gladly eat the shipping .
 N93 does n't work with either of the headsets . Not even with the BH-900 which is advertised as compatible . Both headsets do connect to the phone , pairing works , the headsets can be set as trusted , and from the BH-900 it is also possible to change the volume control settings of the N93 - it shows in the N93 user interface - but unfortunately no sound gets routed in or out of the BH-900 . So no phone calls possible , as audio does n't flow . Trying to make a phone call by pressing the dial button from BH-900 starts up voice recognition sw from the N93 but it is useless since audio does n't find its way to the N93 . . Any suggestions ? Take the N93 back for repair ?
 This is a very comfortable headset and was quite easy to set up with my Motorola phone . The sound quality is as good as other headsets I 've used , and people on the other end of a call have told me that my voice is clearer . However , I 'm VERY disappointed with how poor the battery life has been . I get less than 1 hour of talk time and less than 48 hours of standby time . I could go over a week with my old Nokia bluetooth headset .
 I must start by saying that I have owned a Jabra BT250 for 2 years and I like it a lot . I ca n't say the same for the Nokia BH-900 . For starters , it hangs over the ear as opposed to having an ear bud . The `` pitchfork '' design just is n't working for me as it hangs loosely over the ear and is n't as loud as my Jabra.I always use the headset with my right ear and the buttons on the Nokia BH-900 are then placed along the underside edge which means I need to use my fat thumb to control the little buttons ... I guess this is more of a `` left-ear '' product but I do n't see why the buttons could n't have been placed down the center to be equally accessible from either ear.The worst problem -LRB- probably malfuntion of this particular unit -RRB- is that the battery wo n't hold a charge for more than 40 hours -LRB- even powered off -RRB- ... if I talk for an hour , the low battery beep begins . The Jabra allowed for > 3 hours talk time and could hold a charge for a week.Also , be carefult who you purchase this from . AccessoryOne WILL NOT allow you to return it , only replacements .
 ` Nuf Said.If anyone knows where you can get a REAL NEW Nokia Bluetooth 904 . Good LuckSorry I wo n't buy China crap again .
 A friend recently supplied me with a couple of bluetooth headsets to try out to see if I liked them . This model was too long , big , and awkward to put on my ear . Most earpieces are much smaller these days . Plus , I was n't sure about the slide out mic feature . Did I need to use it?Also , the specs indicate that it has 180 hours of standby battery life . I fully charged the headset and left it on overnight . By the next day the battery was dead . Fibbers ...
 I have worn tons of headsets and was excited by the wear style and ability to use PTT with this one . But the fit was horribly loose sound quality was terrible
 At first , i was VERY impressed with this ear jack . it was loud , clear , and had an anti wind feature that made it awsome . But , sadly , not even 1-1/2 months later , like most ear jacks , it will not work properly . So , great out of the box , but short lifespan
 As the other reviewer said , if it does n't fit you should return it . Uncomfortable , wo n't stay in place , wobbles , etc. . Do n't know how well the other control buttons work because I could never get the danged thing to stay in my ear to use it .
 What can I tell you ... this did n't even come close to fitting my ear . It hung there , loose and unstable . Weird design , for me ... wondering how this fits anyone . Never even used it for calls ...
 I bought this one after my wife already bought another one almost identical to this one at Wal-mart and she really liked it . She used it on our home phone and I was buying this one for her cell phone . She plugged it in and the volume was too low no matter what we changed in the settings . We then switched back to the other head set she bought at Wal-mart and it worked great . I still think , since they are both Plantronics and look identical except for a small on/off button on the one from Amazon , that they would be of the same quality - so it probably was a `` lemon '' set and would n't be typical , unless others have similar problems with this particular model . I sent it back . -LRB- Amazon does provide for a very simple and easy return -RRB-
 I 've had very good experience with other Plantronics products and this one does not measure up to the others . It is difficult to get a good fit on the ear , due to that or perhaps otherwise , the audio is difficult to find a range for comfortable listening and the people I am talking to express some concern about a somewhat muffled sound of my voice .
 I do not understand why this product is getting so many good reviews . I have been using this headset for a few months , and I have had nothing but trouble with it . It is very difficult to get this headset postioned right so that you are heard clearly.The problem is with the design of the voice tube . Instead of having a wired microphone , this headset has a hollow , clear plastic tube that runs from the ear piece to somewhere near your cheek . This voice tube is supposed to pick up your voice and echo it up into the ear piece where the electronics are . But since the tube stops a couple of inches short of your mouth , it is very hard for you to position it to pick up your voice correctly . The people on the other end of my calls always complain that I sound muffled , and sometimes they do n't even hear me at all . Unless you have the voice tube pointed directly at your mouth , you are going to sound muffled . To further complicate things , the tube connects to the ear piece with a ball and socket type of connection . This allows the tube to twist , in addition to swivel in all directions . So not only do you have to have it positioned as close to your mouth as you can get it -LRB- which is n't very close -RRB- , but you also have to have it twisted at the right angle so that the tip is pointed directly at your mouth . Getting it positioned that way is not easy to do unless you are looking in a mirror , which I have had to do many times -LRB- and it sometimes still did n't work right -RRB- . I do not understand why Plantronics chose to make this with a hollow tube instead of a microphone . This is a very comfortable headset , so if it had a traditional microphone on a boom , it would be a perfect headset . Instead , it is made to be the equivalent of talking through a straw . It does not work good at all.One other thing that bothers me is how they are bragging on the box about how Plantronics went to the moon with the astronauts and the first words from the moon were spoken on Plantronics equipment ... . I can guarantee you that THIS model headset was not anywhere near the moon , so they need to stop their deceptive claims . Equipment that cost thousands of dollars does n't compare to something that costs under thirty bucks . But , I digress ... To sum it all up , you would do best to avoid this headset . There are much better headsets out there for just a few dollars more , so I would recommend letting Plantronics keep their garbage so they can send it up to the moon .
 The problem I had with this item is the extremely low microphone levels which made it unusable for me . I filed for an amazon.com return but I ca n't find thew original packaging to return .
 I was quite surprised to receive this product defective . However , I ordered one from another site and it worked fine .
 I recieved this phone as a insurance replacement for my discontinued Samsung phone . After good luck with my previous 5 or 6 Samsung phones I expected nothing but quality . Though the camera is a nice touch , the every day capabilities of this phone leave a lot to be desired.My main complaints are sound quality , reception , and battery life . This phone constantly clips the begining and ending of sentences during rapid conversations . It also has a hollow quality reminscent of a tin can . I expereience dropped calls on a very regualar basis . I would say approximatly 33 % of calls over five minutes are dropped . Battery life is far less than advertised , with reception very degraded during the last bar of battery life.More minor complaints include
 After having first a Sprint serviced Sanyo , then a Cingular serviced Nokia for service , I was very pleased with the Cingular service . When I got my new service , therefore , I stuck with Cingular and got the P107 -LRB- rebates , picture phone , etc. -RRB- I am very disappointed.Compared to my last phone :1 . I have 3-4 times as many `` dropped calls '' in the same service area which used to have excellent coverage . I can only assume this is the phone .2 . The sound quality for both reception at the cell phone , and people I 'm calling on the other end is very poor . I have had 2 friends tell me idependently not to call them with that phone because the hollow noises `` are too annoying . `` 3 . The features , such as the camera , web browser , and mail are difficult and non-user friendly at best .4 . It has a nice color screen.I would recommend buying another phone .
 After owning this new phone for 3 months , half of the screen went blank . Samsung would not repair this -- you have to go thru many customer service people to get nowhere . The phone was not dropped and has no scratches on it . One rep said you ca n't have keys in your pocket or it ruins the LCD screen ! Who would make a product like that ? One rep said whenever the LCD screen is bad they say it is ` physical abuse ' and do n't fix it -- they 've got this one down . Save your time and money -- do n't buy this phone !
 Now I 'm not going to bash this phone . I 'm going to give you my honest opinion . Dont get this phone.Now I dont own it , but my friend does and let me tell you , it 's not all it 's cracked up to be . Sure , it looks luxerious and beautiful on the outside , but dont let the sleek looks fool you.The camera quality leaves much to be desired , it takes very low quality pictures , and you dont have the option of caller ID . . and that 's the main reason I 'd buy a camera phone . . so I could literally see who 's calling . Most ringtones sound horrible and washed out when you purchase them . The outer cover of the phone may look nice , but over time it wears down , tiny pieces of plastic fleck off , etc. . The browser is old , the download times are much slower than most of today 's phones , and it locks up and glitches up all the time . The phone is out of date . When Cingular put it on the market they took it off shortly after . . because it was a dud .
 This phone is good and bad . I really wished it had Picture Caller ID . Also , after dropping it once , it all started falling apart . The volume adjust arrows do n't work , my antenna is chipping away . The games on it are horrible unless you 're into flying a spaceship around tying to kill little alien ships . Then you ca n't even download any games to it . I recommend to not get this phone . I had the X427 before this and it was not that great either . Battery life does not last . I have had the phone for about 5 months and I am on my 3rd battery . The phone often freezes and I sometimes have to end a call by removing the battery . The only good thing is the camera but if this phone had picture caller ID , that would be a great feature . My next phone will not be made by Samsung , I am sure of that .
 Such a program is the worst one yet . Every time I plan to sign up for one of their wireless plans I would get a reject email , explaining that `` Cingular Wireless needs additional information '' after I provided everything that was needed .
 when this thing arrived the glue holding one of the solar cells in place had broken away from the casing , leaving the cell dangling by two thin wires , I was surprised the solder held , this thing is obviously cheaply manufactured ... , did n't check but if you told me it was manufactured in china of substandard parts I would n't be surprised , good news is Amazon promptly had the thing picked up and refunded my money ...
 I just received the Wagan Tec 2053 charger . Amazon 's web page states that adapters are supplied for several uses . One use mentioned is a 12 volt vehicle plug ! However , the unit did not contain an adapter for this use !!!!! The manual also references a 12 volt plug !!! I would like to have known this BEFORE I bought the item !!
 I received my Wagan 2053 solar charger about two weeks ago from Amazon . I wanted a solar charger with replaceable batteries as opposed to the lithium ion versions where you are forced to toss the entire unit out in 2-3 years once the battery stops working . It seems to try and be green with solar power , but be throwing the units out after only few years.Also , modern NiMH batteries last for 2000 cycles so even if I used this charger once a day , I would not need to replace the batteries for 6 years . For comparison , the lithium ion chargers get about 1/4 as many cycles.How does it look/feel ? The charger is solid , but nobody will mistake it for a premium product . It is also not a very pretty gadget.How does it work?it works OK . I tried three different phones and it only worked on one of them . It would not charge my Blackberry Curve or my Nokia N900 as both require some intelligent charging circuitry in the charger . This unit merely has a 5V charging socket without any intelligence . In contrast , the Solio models all charge these two phones fine.The charger came with a collection of tips for phones 5 that existed 5 years ago . Most phones use micro-USB these days and there is no included micro-USB tip.Another problem I had is that one can not charge the device because it requires a specific 12V adapter which is not included.If you take it somewhere and deplete the batteries , there is no possibility to charge it up from a wall socket because the device requires a specific 12v adapter which is not included . Most similar products will charge from USB which makes it easy to charge them up on the go when it is not possible to charge via the solar panels.The only controls on the device are a three way switch that allow you to select 12V/Solar , Power From Batteries , and Charge Batteries . The `` 12V/Solar '' option is a strange design choice as it is intended to be used when there are no batteries installed so that device can charge your phone directly from the solar panel instead of through the batteries . I question the utility of this option.In Conclusion : It works , but not particularly well . There are better options .
 The unit arrived broken , and it appeared that someone had opened the package . The unit appeared to be very flimsy and low quality . One of the panels had completely broken off and one of the wires had been cut . Returned for refund .
 Nice looking , well-made , comfortable ... too bad callers can barely hear you . Kind of defeats the purpose of a headset.Maybe this works better with other phones , but I ca n't recommend it with an LG Rumor 2 .
 I do n't like this cover because it falls off of whatever you 've clipped it to , and the case also falls off of the phone very easily .
 It stinks ! It 's been 7 months since I own it , and it 's already been sent to repair two times -LRB- over two months !!!! -RRB- Slow , heavy , you ca n't shoot a photo unless using both hands , no vibration , distorted sounds , ... It has even hanged the way windows does !!! Save your money
 The first one broke off the AC plug the first time I tried to push it into the AC socket . The company did send me a second one after few emails and phone calls , but that one only lasted couple of months and AC plugs broke off .
 Not a good buy . I had a motorolla bluetooth earlier which i think is a much better buy . This one keeps disconnecting and gets discharged soon . I definitely do n't recommend it .
 Just bought this based on glowing reviews here . On first use , found that the slightest wind noise -LRB- ie , the breeze from walking forward while talking outside -RRB- is picked up in the other caller 's ear , and prevents their voice from coming through . Seems to be much more sensitive to wind noise than the Moto 850 -LRB- which has such low max volume capability that I bought the Tekkeon in hopes of replacing it -RRB- . Works fine indoors , but so far it 's unusable outside .
 This bluetooth headset may very well be the best headset ... for anyone sitting completely motionless in a sound-proofed room while not breathing . For everyone else , the ezTalker is useless . Aside from the poor audio quality through the ear piece , which is scratchy and inconsistent with regards to volume ; the slightest breeze or trace of moving air is enough to completely overwhelm the microphone . People on the receiving end will be convinced you have either stepped into a wind tunnel , or perhaps you have suddenly been struck with emphyzema . This also extends to voice activated calling , which becomes little more than standing in acorner hiding from the wind and screaming the same three words over and over causing everyone nearby to move asiduously away from you . The only positive note is the excellent battery life , which is about 9-10 hours of use or about 48 hours of standby .
 This older version of Blackberry 7100t I find has much less capacity in battery from newer versions . Wich usage of 60 min of calling time a day the battery goes dead . For some reason the clock also changes time zone with no apparent reason . I will not recomend this product .
 Overall - this phone is ok . The voice quality is clear enough , the screen is decent for me , I like the ringtones . I do n't need fancy , so it 's good enough . I do n't know if others have had this problem , but the one thing that I hate about this phone is that it redials in my pocket even with the phone closed and the keyguard on ! As far as I can tell , the keyguard only protects the side buttons since the `` flip '' should protect the inner ones . If I 'm driving or have to do something that compresses the phone a bit in my pocket , the speaker button gets pressed though it is an inner button , and if that happens twice it not only redials but turns on the speaker which broadcasts the call to everyone in listening range . I ca n't find any way to stop this except to use some kind of bulky holster . If I had known about this , I would n't have bought this phone .
 I am writing this to help potential buyers not make the same mistake I did . I am usually okay with Sprint , but Sanyo is the least satisfying of their products . I was at the Sprint store and felt pressured to pick a phone , the salesman reassured me that Sayno is great . I would have been better off buying the Brookline Bridge . I should have known not to get a Sanyo , my sister had the SCP 200 , and it would not work AT ALL !! She would need to take the battery out , warm it in her hand , and then flip it in . Try repeating that process 5 times to turn on the phone . Now my phone the Sanyo 3100 , after 30 days stopped working . It stopped the call history and id , which is a major part of the phone . Then I replaced it . Except after I recieved the reconditioned phone , I got the same messages as my sister would on the SCP 200 . I would turn it on and it would say `` Service Required Please Call '' then the number . But the darn thing would not even let me make a call . Getting a Sanyo is the biggest regret I have.I am now out $ 29.95 , because I did not get insurance . But I also must stick with a HORRIBLE phone for 2 years !!! I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED ! SANYOS ARE NOT GOOD PHONES !! Whenever I am at the Sprint store and they say , well thats the best phone , I laugh and say `` FAT CHANCE !!! ''
 I had this phone for less than 4 months . I did n't use it often , a couple of times a week , so it hardly ever left my purse . In less than 4 months it quit working , so I sent it in for service . I was told the internal wires were corroded by `` liquid damage '' most likely caused by condensation . When I called customer service I was told that temperature changes -LRB- i.e. , going in and out of the house or using the phone outside -RRB- were the most likely cause of the condensation . Yet since it was n't a manufacturer 's defect , they refused to replace the phone . This phone can not hold up to everyday use ! I will NEVER buy another Sanyo cell phone !
 A couple days after my 22nd birthday my parents and I went to the sprint store to get me a new phone . I had the pink sanyo 3100 and I really didnt like it . The reception was terrible , the battery life was terrible , the camera was the worst -LRB- it only takes like ten picuters and then you got ta delete some -RRB- , the menu was hard to figure out and it was way over priced $ 150 . After two months of use I convinced my parents to change to cingular as all my friends have it and I wanted my calls to be free -LRB- mobile to mobile -RRB- . It took a couple of weeks to convince my mom to change to cingular because she had been with sprint for four years and the customer service was great . She did look into cingular and found out that they had roll over minutes which sprint did not and decided that should would switch to cingular . I was considering t mobile but my friend michelle told me she had it for a year , hated it , switched to cingular and absolutely loves it . My mom is very happy with her black razor and cingular as I am with my magenta razor and cingular and my dad loves his nokia 6102 :-RRB- Thank you cingular for making phones that are great looking , are easy to opporate and do not get frequent dropped calls : -RRB-
 If I could give this item no stars , I would . The coneection to the phone broke after one use . It did n't just break , but rather fell apart . I would not recommend this item to anyone and will never purchase from this seller again . Thank you .
 I ordered the item and it broke with in the first day , I returned the item and order the smae one again , which also broke after a week . You can still use it , but you have to make sure that it is charging , cause the conection is very bad .
 I 'm not very satisfied with this kit . Good price , but the quality is quite low . After about 6 weeks the connector covers started separating every time I plug it in , causing a portion of the connector to separate and be unable to connect to the telephone , so I have to hold it `` just so '' every time I plug it in , and be careful not to move the telephone or it will lose unplug .
 Those that said this is junk were right-it did n't work out of the box . I should have checked here first.Jason Brady
 I should have listened to the reviews on this item . I decided to buy it anyway and what a disapointment it was . It never worked and the connection to the TREO was horrible . I have learned a lesson about after market products and will not be buying products from these companies to save a few dollars .
 I spend hour trying to get hotsync to work and does not seem to work under any circumstances .
 I used it 3 times and one of the prongs broke off in my phone - luckily I was able to remove it w/o damaging my Treo.Great concept - fewer cords ; too bad it was made of inferior materials .
 I bought this thinking it would be perfect for what I wanted.The wall adapter dos n't work at all and the end of the cable that plugs into the phone has slowly been chipping away to the point that it is now impossible to plug it correctly into the phone . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 Did n't matter if I used the AC or 12V adaptor or the USB cable , I never got the icon indicating that the battery was recharging .
 The idea seemed great , but in just a few days , the product stopped charging my phone . I can still use it to hot sync my data , but the wires simply would n't stand up to use and , as to the charging device , wo n't make the connection .
 Nice concept poor quality . The item broke after two days of limited use . The metal tabs on the Palm connection block were not firmly seccured in the plastic terminal housing and as a result they disapreared into the housing when connected to the phone . This caused the phone to not charge because the power tabs were not making contact.Don ' t waste your $ 15.00 on this cheaply made poor performing product .
 After 6 month of light usage , car USB power adapter went up in smoke and burned my Treo 650 . Palm charged me $ 225 for replacement.STAY AWAY !!!
 As soon as I received it I plugged it into my car 's light but did n't work . My cell phone was n't receiving any charge . Then I tried using the USB cable with the computer and it did reset my computer.Someone looked at it and found out the pins in the cell phone side were not ok . When you plug it , they move and get loose , creating kind of shortcircuit.I 'm not using it . Lost my money .
 After I received it I plugged it into the car and 10 minutes after it stopped working . There is comething completely wrong with the connector that it does not make a good contact . A piece of junk . I travel a lot , 50-60 % of the time and thought this was my salvation.I wasted $ 16 in the most miserable way.I ca n't return it because I am traveling in South America and by the time I return I wo n't be able to return it.Do not buy it .
 I was looking for something practical and small enough to take with me on bussiness travel . It worked for four days . After that something got loose inside the connector . On my recent trip to Vancouver , I had to purchase an extra charger at the Dallas Airport , as this unit just simply did not work at all . I though it had damaged the phone , but the phone was perfect . If i were you , I rather go PALM accessories . This Mobile Data 3-in1 USB Charger/syncro cable is really BAD quality .
 The wall unit shorts out after 2-3 seconds and the car unit is temperamental . I do benefit from having the extra hot sync cable , but the other parts are useless . I have purchased one of these unit previously from another company and it was great , but I left it behind when traveling . Wish I could remember the brand ! This one needs more work .
 This product did not work at all with my Treo 650 . When I plugged it in my computer said there was an unknown USB device and it would not recognize the phone . After that , it would not even charge the phone while plugged into a wall outlet.I would give it less that 1 star if I could .
 Not sure why I though I 'd have any better luck than others , but I guess I thought it was worth a try for the price . I was wrong . I agree with most of the posters that this is a piece of junk . Amazon should stop selling it .
 usb doesnt work , wont charge or sync.also doesnt charge with wall adapter . the cable is just totally bad.not worth my time to send it back , and it looks like out of stock now anyway . bummer .
 My first unit failed to charge or hotsync with my computer while using the USB . I did a return with Amazon and got a replacement unit . This one would charge using the USB but still wo n't hotsync . I would call this product a POS and recommend you to save your money . Judging from the other reviewers the quality is hit or miss but with two tries and no success I would give this product 0 stars if possible .
 Great , except a prong on power cord , where in plugs into the Treo , somehow broke off and left me stranded without power . Lucky that I had a spare battery or I would be at a 2 day conference without phone or email .
 As soon as I got this item out of its packaging , the low-quality construction was obvious . I briefly considered sending it back , but for the money , it 's not worth the trouble . I sync via bluetooth , so I am only using the charging feature . The cable does n't plug especially well into my Treo650 , but it does the job.I am expecting the connectors to break fairly quickly . When that happens I 'll look for a higher quality charger.If I had it to do over again , I 'd have spent more money to get a higher quality item.Update
 The idea of less cables is great , the price fabulous . However , I went through two cords trying to get good contact with my phone . It rarely would signal it was charging , and would lose contact soonafter so I would be driving with both hands on the phone trying to initiate the charge . I felt as if I was going to ruin my phone by jamming it in harder or at a different angle . Not worth it ! I am returning both cables and just paid the bigger bucks to purchase two separate cords from the Sprint store itself . -LRB- These new cords worked perfectly -RRB-
 This product arrived defective . It simply did not work at all as a charger or a hotsync cable . I 'm not sure why Amazon continues to carry it . Not impressive .
 The idea sounds great but the product was made poorly and connection is poor . I returned the product since it wo n't be of any use if it doesnt work
 I just received this product yesterday -LRB- 5/18 -RRB- . A good idea badly executed . My Treo 650 ca n't sync with my computer using this cable . I 'll probably wind up buying an extra charger and HotSync cable from PalmOne . I am returning this thing .
 I thought the other reviews were complaining too much for a cheap accessory , but I should have listened . It fell apart after about 12 uses and is now worthless .
 The idea of this is great
 I liked the idea of a multi-purpose charger for my Treo , however , the connector on the end of the cable that plugs into the phone broke after only being used a couple of times . From my examination , it appears that one of the copper wires in the plug that has to make contact with the phone became pushed back into the plug so it will no longer make contact and charge the phone . I have decided to purchase an OEM charger in hopes of finding a more durable product .
 The data cable was faulty and never worked . Neither did it work when connected to the car charger and also when connected to the AC wall plug.I am very dissapointed that the quality of this product is so low .
 Hardware grade = F , the plastic cover sides to the wire connection broke inside the phone connection !!! I dont know why I didnt take the advice from previous customers !!! Dont buy this thing !!!! Great principle , poor craftmanship !!!
 I am not sure if it is the vendor or the item itself . Please be carefull . It did not work for me and the vendor did not help also . If you are prepared to waste the money go right ahead
 Product works but only after a lot of trial and error . Some issues include : * You can not plug a turntable directly into the unit . The VU meters will indicate a signal but you can not adjust the input or record volume and the recording will be inaudible . I had to run the turn table through an old receiver and use the tape out . * The software included will prompt you that it will replace your old Nero 5 with the Nero 6 `` Suite '' . What it does n't tell you is that deletes all old Nero software and only installs the one program
 After spending hours trying to get the ADS Tech Instant Music to work , I called the ADS Tech phone line , only to get an answering machine . Frustrated , I finally took the kit and my computer to my local computer shop , where I shelled out another $ 45 for the guy to tell me that the audio quality through the box provided with Instant Music allowed too much static and was n't as good as plugging the LP/cassette audio into what I already had on my computer . To their credit , the ADS Tech people eventually called back a few days later , but I doubt whether they would have been of much assistance , as they immediately referred me to the FAQ on their website , which I had already seen .
 You will discover after installing the software for this unit that you can save MP3 files only 30 times . After that you get a message saying that you need to purchase a Nero mp3PRO encoder plugin . If you go to Nero 's site there is no sign of such software . But even if there was , what kind of company is this ADS to advertise a product that supposedly can digitize analog audio and save it in MP3 format , but only a limited number of times and not tell the customer before he buys . There was no mention of this limitation on the package . I called product support and they emailed me a document that supposedly would circumvent this problem . Unfortunately it did not work . I called back and they told me that the software that came with my unit -LRB- version 1.3 -RRB- was defective , but they would not send me corrected software because I was unable to FAX to them a sales receipt proving that I legitimately purchased the product . What kind of company is this who treats their customers with such suspicion ? And besides , I do n't have a FAX machine . I am just a private individual , not a company . You 'd think that just the fact that I am calling their product support number complaining about this problem would be proof enough that I own the product . Besides , they are the ones who should be treated with suspicion for marketing a product with defective software that expires after only 30 uses . Enraged , I threw the product in the garbage .
 First of all , there are no instructions on how to connect with the computer to transfer LP 's . Secondly , the software that comes with it expires within 30 days . Thirdly , the sofware did n't work and the only way to possibly get it to work is to buy the upgrade .
 ADS Tech RDX-150-EF Instant MusicPoor product , no response from tech support , will not capture audio signal via the usb connection , still must use a mic to capture your audio . I do not recommend this product , it wo n't perform as advertised
 I bought the RDX-150 because the description said for PC and Mac ! This is very misleading because this item includes software for PC only , Spin It Again . The Box is no good without software . Now I have to go and buy Roxio or Garage Band for Mac . What I should have ordered was the RDX-151-EF .
 While this product worked , it did exactly what I need to do , which was transfer my cassette tapes to digital media on my computer . I did , however , have to spend a lot of money on software because the access code that came with the CD Spin Doctor , which you need in order to use the hardware , did not work -LRB- Of course technical support was not helpful -RRB- . After about 6 months , it started making this horrible , loud static noise that completely distorted the sound and made it unbearable - even painful - to listen to . It works sometimes , but I have to restart recording whenever the static problem occurs , and that seems to occur every 10 minutes or so , so it is VERY frustrating . At first I thought it was a problem with my stereo player , but I unplugged the hardware and allowed the stereo to play on its own , and it was perfect . I tried using other cassette players , but the same thing happened . This is unacceptable for a product that has such a high price tag !
 I just got this as a gift , and after spending two hours trying to get it to work properly , I 've looked it up on Amazon to find tons of people have had no problem with this product . I 'm rather tech-savvy , and after two hours I still could not get this thing to do what it should . First of all , the enclosed software -LRB- Nero -RRB- is NOT compatable with Vista , so I had to download what turned out to be an updated trial version of the software , which did NOT allow for direct-to . wav or . mp3 ripping as promised . The only option I got was to burn to CD , and if I wanted to do that I could just use my component CD burner . I read on here that Audacity is a great alternative to the crappy Nero software , so I downloaded that and it did n't even recognize the sound input from this device . With Nero , I was able to get the software to recognize the sound input , but even with the ground wire included , I got a MASSIVE amount of feedback . So , I moved my computer and turntable to another location and got the feedback reduced , but the sound levels were very , very low - and again , I could only rip to CD , not the advertised MP3 or WAV format . I 'm now terribly frustrated and having the product sent back .
 One thing they do n't tell you is that this device will NOT handle direct input from a turntable . It requires a pre-amp . If you have all your stereo and computer gear in the same room , that will be okay . But if you do n't -LRB- like me -RRB- , forget it.There is absolutely nothing in the documentation or the ADStech Web site that tells you this . I did a search of product reviews and finally found one that said , `` Oh , by the way ... `` I 'm not about to lug my desktop/monitor/kb / mouse to another floor every time I have a chance to record an album . And I 'm certainly not going to tear apart my entertainment center to drag my sound system to the computer . This product is getting returned .
 This thing wo n't work on Window 's Vista and the company does n't offer a solution . It was a waste of my money . I should have done more research , I guess . That 's why I 'm leaving this review . Buyer beware !
 This unit was fine when it was new , but in a few months , output from SPDIF -LRB- optical jack -RRB- as well as from the RCA jacks became noisy.I have never been able to make the SPDIF input work.It gets one star for the few weeks it partially worked when it was new.If all you want is to get audio into your PC/Mac , try Griffin Technology products like the iMic , or for 5.1 Surround sound output , the FireWave.This ADS unit was a nice idea but really did n't deliver for me . I consider it not worth even the price of shipping , let alone the actual cost .
 I originally reviewed this product quite favorably . When I first got it , it did everything I expected it to do , and was easy to set up and use . However , I have since had to upgrade to a new computer with Windows Vista , and that seems to be the end of the road for me and this device.The software provided with the device , which I bought in December 2006 , would NOT run under Windows Vista . The vendor , a German company called Nero , has a new version that will run under Vista , but neither ADS Tech nor Nero has been willing to provide me with an upgrade to that version , which I would expect to be free . ADS Tech emailed me to say Nero would provide that upgrade at no charge , but Nero said no.It does n't appear to matter . ADS Tech claims the device itself is Vista compatible , but I 've tried it with the trial version of the new Nero software and the signal is coming through to my PC horribly distorted . I have my doubts as to the box 's actual compatibility with Vista.I give up . I am not pleased .
 I 've been through two of these so far , and only the first one worked , for about half an hour . It worked very well , but then suddenly relapsed into a weak , extremely noisy signal . -LRB- Yes , the source was still good . -RRB- The S/PDIF I/Os are a nifty feature , though not ones that I can currently use . The included software is an unusually irritating subset of Nero 6 , and documentation of the unit itself is minimal . I know when to cut my losses . Next up
 The product was so small that when putting it when cellular it was broken easily . It does not have good quality . The products of ebay are but better . I take 1 month in arriving .
 I have an SGH t509 and this cable did not even work with this phone . All it will do is charge . It was a complete waste of time and money .
 This cover lasted for about 2 days before the clips that hold the cover to the phone broke . This is the second one that I bought.JUNK
 I have just broken my second holster in one weeks worth of wear . In addition , this holster has an extension to the clip that goes above the beltline and sticks into my side whenever I turn or bend .
 After three years of having this phone I 've finally given up . I recently just replaced my VM4050 for the THIRD time and I had to demand a different type of phone . This last one did n't even make it twenty four hours . This phone will eventually go to pieces on you , do not be confused . No amount of software upgrade will help . My first two began to blank out on me , turn off and on by itself , the menu screens would freeze out and I started receiving text messages two hours after they had been sent . The real music tones are horrible in quality past level two and the phone is generally frustrating . BUYER BEWARE !!
 Hi All ; I was dazzaled by the LCD on this phone so much I bought me & my wife a Toshiba . The camera & video took Excellant pics . Within 7 days of having the phone the ` drop-off ` rate per minute was horriable . No matter where we went , in stores , in parking lots , on highways , at home etc etc , both phones were loosing between 1-5 seconds of airtime at a rate of about 3-5 times per minute . I 'm very sad that this happened cause the video was so great on these phones , but it got to the point that I wanted to throw it against the wall cause of the BAD audio !!!!! I exchanged them within the 14 day return period for a Sanyo 4500 & Samsung A680 with hope the same will not happen
 It has a beautiful screen , takes gorgeous photos , and fairly good videos , it can send them to anyone with an e-mail . A 3 year old can work it . BUT THE GOOD NEWS ENDS THERE !!! The VM4050 never gets more than 2 bars even when you see the cell tower behind the Sprint store . It will randomly cut out in the middle of a call . It will roam expensive analog type towers for $ 5 + per call . Sprint 's own salesmen say it has reception problems !!!! Wish I could honestly recommened it . I exchanged it for a Sanyo PM8200 and its much better . Go for it .
 the charger does work but is cheaply made the retractable usb cable stoped retracting with in a few days , also the usb cable is very short works good in the car but as a viable home charger it is entirely to short do n't plan on pluging it into a power strip and setting it on the desk and still be able to use it .
 stay away from bargaincell . They sell counterfit substandard products . I went to resellerratings website and discovered how horribly they are doing buisness in this country . Thank god , I checked before placing order . Again BE CAREFUL !! BE CAREFUL !!! BE CAREFUL with such kinda crook sellers
 While this T-Mobile SDA case is priced great , it is too small of a fit to hold this cellphone .
 Although this case fit my Motorola phone perfectly the clip was so stiff that I had trouble getting it on my belt . Then after less than two weeks the leather covering over the the clip came apart leaving a sharp steel edge . I would not buy another one of these .
 Did not detect my LG CU500 , although it was advertised as being compatible . Emails to MobileAction went unanswered . Got the toll-call support number , and the tech said I needed a `` secret '' utility and he would email it to me . Never heard from them again .
 I bought this for my son at the beginning of the school year for emergencies . Far too expensive on the minutes that must be used before they expire . I tried getting more minutes on their site that you must use and is poorly setup . It keeps looping you on a minimilist site . Good luck trying to find a phone number to call them and getting a human being . I sent email and a day later they responded with a phone number to call . No , the number is not listed on the site . Finally I just gave up and got a free real cell phone for just $ 10 extra a month on my plan -LRB- T-mobile -RRB- . I 'll take the chance of him being responsible than having the frustration of trying to work with this substandard product -LRB- there are no number buttons on it and it is difficult to hear anyone -RRB- and poor customer service . I would give it ZERO stars if I could . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 I bought the phone for my 6-year old who was having separation anxiety . I purchased $ 25 of minutes and gave hime the phone for emergencies -LRB- which is what the thing is for -RRB- . Since we did not have any emergencies in the last 6 months , the phone has gone unused.When I tried to use it this morning it would not work . I called customer service who pointed me to a terms & conditions page 3 links deep on their website . In 5-point font they let you know that if you do n't use the minutes in 90 days they expire and if you do n't use the phone for 120 days they deactivate it . There is a $ 25 reactivation fee and you lose all of your purchased minutes.When I pointed out that the policy was not clearly posted I was basically told tough luck by a 22 year old `` Customer Service '' manager.This is a terrible way to do business , a really obnoxious means of wringing additional revenue out of an existing customer base -LRB- especially given the primary purpose of the phone as an infrequently used emergency device -RRB- . This company ought to be ashamed of themselves . Bunch of scheisters .
 I bought this phone mid November for a Christmas gift for my 8 year old son . It 's a great looking phone and easy to use . BUT ... when i tried to apply my pre-paid minutes -LRB- from the card i purchased with the phone -RRB- , i had big problems . I has already activated my phone on line and had an account set up . I could go back and fourth to it etc. ... but when i tried to apply my prepaid mins , the auto phone service did n't recognize my number . So i called customer service -LRB- after was on hold for over and hr -RRB- and they told me so many people had activated at the same time and they working on the systme still and my number should be recognized soon . They told me to give it 24 hrs . Well i did wait 48 hrs and nothing ... so i was left with a phone where i could not apply mins . They were very happy to take my credit card details and charge my card and apply mins that way , but i did n't want to put more money into this company that were obviously having technical problems . Hail to Target ... they took the phone back and gave me a refund but the $ 25 min card could not be returned ... so i am out this amount . I bought a $ 15 trac phone that immediately loaded my trac mins and is working great and has way better calling rates . My son prefered the firefly but could n't use it ... . very disappointing .
 One would suppose that a company producing and marketing a product for young children would consider children . One might also suppose that children 's product company would consider child safety.And you might also think that a telecommunications company would be required by law to provide what they sell . Or , that a telecommunications company would remember that phones are for safety as well as for fun and games . Not so with Firefly Mobile , producers of the flyPhone and glowPhone for children.I am a grandmother . When a family crisis hit , I decided my seven year old grandson needed to be able to have easy , friendly , reliable access to family members and to be able to reach help , an adult or parent when necessary . The phone was principally for his safety and security.At the heart of a phone for a child , regardless of age , the telephone is a way to reach a parent or helper when necessary and much more than just a way to play games or try out ring tones when bored.Firefly seemed to have considered children and produced a phone that is user friendly for young children , so I ordered one and had it sent to my grandson in a different state.Four months , two hundred dollars , innumerable hours and several other problems later , I can accurately report that Firefly Mobile is n't interested in your child , your child 's well-being , you , or providing the services that you paid for.Now , why am I spending my time to tell you this ? Because sixty years later and forty some years in the world of business , I 'm still surprised and saddened that a company trading in the illusion of caring about children does n't and that a communications company can sell communication methods that it does n't provide.I purchased the firefly glowPhone with accessories and had it sent to my grandson . I signed up for their automatic refill option so that he would be safe , able to make calls whenever he needed to and would never run out of minutes . This plan refills the phone from your credit card whenever the balance is low.His parents and I spent several hours setting up the account online after the phone arrived , but the next day , the information would n't be there . We could never get the account to work and the phone worked for three days . After several thirty minute waiting periods to get someone in Customer Service , I finally did.The problem ? The phone was out of money . I wondered how this was possible since it was supposed to automatically refill . I was advised that their software did n't work , but that it would be up and running very soon and they added some money to the phone from my credit card while I was on the phone.A very long story short , we tried for two months to get the account to work . At long last , I was advised that Firefly had no idea when the software would work . Their solution was that I could call in and wait the half hour for Customer Service to answer the phone and add refills verbally on my credit card on an ongoing basis . There was no way to know how much was left on the account without making the call.After needing to use the phone several times during a two day period , the inevitable finally happened . My grandson had an emergency and the phone did n't work because it did n't refill and I did n't know he had needed to use it as often those two days.Enough ! The safety tool had become a liability . I called fireflyMobile , waited the allotted time to finally reach someone in customer service , added fifty dollars to the phone and was advised
 This item is a great concept , BUT , First of all you have no idea how many minutes are on your phone unless you go online to find out . The phone does not hold a charge long enough to last the day . Your child can not text you back because the phone has n't the capability , providing they can even receive them on this thing with all of it 's need for tech . support ... I ended up getting my child a trac phone , cost less and worked much better . Do not waste your money on this thing .
 I purchased this phone for my son and had no complaints . I just made sure I added $ 10 every 3 months . After adding minutes to my son 's phone on 7/3/08 , it stopped working on 7/05/08 . Apparently , the company that provided service for firefly changed . To make a very long story shorter , the new company now charges 35-cent daily fee -LRB- without informing us of impending changes -RRB- , new sim cards were issued with new numbers and balances were not transferred . I think that their lack of disclosure is reprehensible and wo n't be adding any future minutes to that phone .
 We bought this phone for our 7 year old daughter who has a vision impairment . We thought the buttons were big enough and the phone would be easy to use . Trying to refill minutes , getting a new sim card and using their worthless internet site has been a nightmare !! Shop elsewhere !
 I wo n't reiterate what everyone else has said about the SIM card , although I fell into that same trap . Back long , long ago , when the phone was still -LRB- sometimes -RRB- working , I never had the slightest clue wht my daughter was trying to say on it ! It seemed to pick up and magnify every bit of background noise so that the speaker 's voice came through sounding like Charlie Brown 's teacher . BEWARE THIS PRODUCT !!! IT IS A TOTAL RIP-OFF !!! I CAN NOT SAY ENOUGH BAD THINGS ABOUT IT WITHOUT USING MUCH PROFANITY !!!
 This item did not come with anything that was mentioned in the Product Description . So , none of this : `` Includes
 Do not buy this product . The company is a sham . There is no customer service -LRB- only an email address -RRB- ; no individuals to reach by phone ; no management team or leadership described in their site ; no advertised phone number -- even in the fine print -- that does anything more than return you to the same email address . No responses to cancellation requests . No responses to ANYTHING . This company is a poor example of a communications company that does not offer good service in any way , whatsoever . -LRB- Though it seems more than willing to send anyone who asks investment information ! -RRB- I purchased two phones for our twins . One worked -- for awhile . The other , scheduled with minutes and so forth at the same time , never worked . Repeated attempts to reach Firefly failed to produce a customer service representative that could address the problem . In disgust , I tried in December to cancel the service -- the only way through an email to them ; no response , no cancellation . I finally -- at yet another cost beyond the $ 10 a month fee for NOTHING -- cancelled my credit card just to stop Paying Firefly Mobile . THis is a bad deal , a poorly managed company , with a product that is a great idea but has no team to support it . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . it basically STINKS , and you will be ripped off , as apparently others have suggested in these reviews .
 Used it for a two weeks then threw it out ... Pro 's : InexpensiveGood grip on my iPhone 3gSuctions well to windowCon 's : Cheap plasticArm is way too longWobbly
 Did n't come with Vent clip that is advertised and the lock tab for the window mount snapped off as I pushed down on it .
 I tried to use this to hold my iPhone on the heater vent on my cars dash . It was very difficult to get it 's various parts to slide into place , my phone often pops out of it , and it was almost impossible to get it attached to the dash vents . It would pop off the vents frequently , and within a few months it managed to break three of the little vent slats . That has been fun . My heater vent is now completely broken , no more direction control at all.Sometimes I 'm a little hard headed , so I tried to keep using it , because dammit it should do it 's job . So I tried to use it on the other vent . Luckily this time the clamps on the back of the actual holder broke , instead of the car vent pieces.Time to find something that actually does it 's job .
 This product is absolute crapolla . What a chump I am . It is so cheaply constructed there is no way I 'm hanging my pda on it . The clips would n't fit my Dodge Durango vent either . Run from this one.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FCCDTO/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img
 Too each their own ! I live in Texas and I bought this thing at the beggining of summer and it has only fallen off once ! and it was my fault ! Sure it would take a minute to figure this Algebraic equation out -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- but as long as you do n't get pissed and hoss it , it shoud n't break ! The quality is n't the best but for the price can you beat it ? It looks like this thing has a 90 % satisfaction rating and I agree it probably is n't for everyone . I use an iPhone 3gs and it works fine.Over 90 % , I say theres not much risk on this one .11 Sept 2010 , This thing finally broke a couple of days ago . The rubber part literally stretched and broke ! but well in the hight of a Texas summer what would n't ? I 'm here to buy another , loved it so much and now I 'm going nuts with out it ! 1st addendum
 I thought this was what I wanted until I tried mounting it , the suction cup is junk . Stuck to the windshield for all of 5 seconds 3 times . Prime example of that great Chinese quality we have all come to love .
 It was nice ... but the suction cup ended up peeling apart and it became useless . Probably worked right for about 6 months .
 Bought this so I could use my GPS feature on my iPhone ... worked well for the first day until I decided to move the mount to a different spot on my windshield . The cheap plastic tab that locks the suction cup down broke like a weak twig . Now the suction will not grip the window since I have no lever to lock it down . If I could , I would have given no stars at all ! Very upsetting !!!!
 I just received this today and within 2 minutes it was obvious I had made a mistake in purchasing this product . There are no instructions except for one poorly-written , nonsensical sentence on the back of the box . The tip of the gooseneck broke off when I tried to slide it into the back of the holder . And the holder itself broke while I was trying to adjust it to fit my iPhone . I 'm now boxing up the pieces of this disaster and sending it back to the seller . If it were possible to rate this zero stars , I would !
 Tried to move the slider to fit in the phone and it broke on first try . Flimsy plastic . Trashed .
 Cradle broke , suction cup never stuck , and in the brief time it was working , it never held my smartphone reliably . Find another one .
 my Blackberry experenced SUDDEN DEATH after 10 days I love my Treo
 I love the product . I have had it for a couple of weeks and everything works even better than I expected . The voice sound quality on the phone is good , and equally as good with the blue tooth headset . It syncs perfectly with MS Outlook , the web browser is great for a wireless device , and my email is easy to read . The Qwerty keyboard is wonderful . A little small , but easy to get used to.My big complaint is that although it says a rebate is available it is only available if you do n't transport your number from your old carrier . Now who does n't have a cell phone number that they want to keep ? A 13 year old who is getting his or her first phone ? The buyer is not told about this until the phone arrives.I tried to post this comment a week ago , but the thought control people here on this site would n't publish it . Interesting , no?So bottom line , buyer beware .
 I dont know if it the service or the Phone but I have had the most dropped calls in this last week of owning the device with the Cingular service than I have have ever had in my 6 yrs of using a cellphone . I was with T-Mobile before this and used a $ 19 phone for the last 2 years and the voice quality was great.This thing goes back to the seller .
 I installed couple 3rd party applications I purchased from -LSB- ... -RSB- . After installation , I rebooted the device and it never came back again . The device failed to launch the OS and the screen switching between black and hourglass for two days till now.I tried to contact rim to get help but they I can not find their support number on their web site!This is a really bad experience for me . I have been playing with Microsoft Smarphones from Motorola and different Palm devices , and I never had such problem before.I would say the Blackberry OS needs a lot more work to make it stable .
 I recieved my new blackberry 8700 today . It was replacing my blackberry 7290 . It looked great and i was excited . As i tryed to open back slot to insert my sim card and battery it would not open . i tried gently many , many times no luck , nothing was wrong with it ie . stuck or malfunction of slot . Finally i gave it one more gental try and heard a cracking sound , the front lower part of the key board was now cracked ??!! Trust me i 'm not Herman Munster ok ... i called cingular and they are going to credit me and let me keep my most tresured , strong and reliable blackberry 7290 ... ok it does n't have the speaker phone or screen like the 8700 , but man does it do the job over and over again ... i did originally have the blackberry 7100g with my original cingular plan and had to get three replacements , until they suggested the 7290 ... i just upgraded on this 8700 and regretably will not be able to see how it works ... oh well , at least my 7290 wo n't wimp on me ... let me know if anyone else has or expereienced this problem and thanks ...
 I bought the Blackberry 8700c because I wanted a phone , e-mail client , and organizer in one device . I researched the device and read countless reviews . Everyone was right that the e-mail , organizer , and additional features are spectacular on this device . In fact , my company has a Blackberry Enterprise sever so I actually received e-mail on my Blackberry before I got it on my desktop.However , I wanted a phone also . The call quality on the 8700c is terrible . There is no filter on the mouthpiece so it picks up a tremendous amount of background noise without picking up the actual speaker 's voice . I live in NYC , so I want to make phone calls while walking down the street . Realizing the limitations of the device as a phone early on , I purchased a Bluetooth headset thinking that this would alleviate the problem . However , this still did not improve the call quality . There is still too much background noise the 8700c does n't filter out . On top of people not being able to hear me , I could not hear them on this device . It 's sad to read that this Blackberry is a better phone than the others , because it 's pretty terrible . If you plan to use the 8700c as a phone in an environment where there is a lot of background noise , steer clear of purchasing because you will regret it and be left with an expensive non-functional phone.Three other colleges in my office also got the 8700c with a voice and data plan around the same time as me . They all share the same accolades but also complain that the phone part of the Blackberry is terrible -LRB- some have different carriers besides Cingular , so it 's not the network -RRB- . I was fortunate enough to return mine and cancel the plan . I plan to get an 8700c again , but only for data and without all the strings attached that Amazon 's contract implies.I did like the compact size of the 8700c . It fit nicely in my pocket and was not bulky like the older models . Also , the screen is great , especially the auto-adjusting aspect . The browser was not as fast as I would like , but this could be due in part to limitations of the Cingular EDGE network . I would only recommend the 8700c for data .
 After reading all the reviews at this website I decided to go with this Blackberry model . I Recieved my phone today , charged it , and it would not work . I was unable to open any of the icons , including set up , profiles , applications , calendar , address book , etc. . I spent an hour on the line with technical support and they decided that the phone was defective . Not happy with this at all . Makes me wonder about ordering this BlackBerry . I do hope that it 's not a sign that I am going to hate this phone . Waiting on replacement phone , hoping it will work 2nd go around .
 These are 600mAH and the one I received was open circuit.Get the more expensive ones that Staples sell . They are 750mAH and I measured 3.8 V.
 The picture is deceptive as it does not show the left side of the unit where there is a coiled cord that you must plug into the phone to charge/sync , making this not a true cradle . With the phone plugged into the coiled USB cord it pulls the phone to the left so it never sits quite right in the cradle .
 ... and wait for not a whole lot to happen . I bought this desktop charger for my office use , I wanted something that I could quickly look at my blackberry while sitting at my desk to see what 's going on AND TO CHARGE IT WHILE DOING SO ... . meh not so much.The picture is misleading . The handset does not sit very nicely in the cradle -LRB- that looks kinda cheesy/cheaply made for my sleek beautiful Blackberry Pearl -RRB- , you really have to jam it in there and pick the whole unit up and pull it apart to take it out . The USB cable that actually connects your Blackberry to the cradle sticks out from the top in a large loop so you have this `` I am a little teapot '' thing going on on your desk . The most disturding thing about this charger is the blue LED light on the base in the front . That thing puts out some serious light , it 's like having a little blue version of the sun on your desk , you ca n't avoid it , it sears into your vision . I ended up having to put some black electrical tape to cover the searing LED because it was so distracting at work.Now for the bizarre part . This thing comes with an A/C adapter to supply power to the stand . A logical person would think , If I am not needing to synch up to anything via USB , I shoould be able to have this stand plugged into a power supply and charge it without having to connect it to the computer . No , it does not work . It absolutely will not charge with just the power supply plugged in and your blackberry connected to the cradle . YOU HAVE TO connect it to your computer . Fine , whatever , I connect it to my computer while still connected separatly via the included A/C adapter to a power supply and I get the message `` Insufficient power to charge via USB '' ... I have tried connecting it both to a powered high speed USB hub and directly to my computer , no joy . Every once in awhile it will randomly decide there is enough power and actually start to charge but it took almost 3 days to charge from half a bar to full power . Typically a person who actually has a Blackberry has it because they are busy and trying to manage their life and would not have time for this nonsense . Just for the record I have newer model computers at home and work with high speed USB 2.0 ports and the appropriate drivers with many other peripherals working well and charging -LRB- iPod , digital camera , web cam , etc. -RRB- . This thing is going into the drawer of cables and random computer parts that I will never use again .
 Arrived promptly but it is of poor quality . It does not hold a charge very long .
 I bought two of these covers made by MyBate for two Nokia 6131s from DLN . The front cover does not fit the phone because it is not quite the right size . Unfortunately , `` not quite the right size '' means that the covers are totally useless . The cover will not stay on the phone.After emailing with DLN , they promised to remove this product from their Amazon offerings.Now a new merchant , PC Micro Store aka PCMICROSTORE , is offering this same flawed product . Do not buy it , you will be sorry .
 I bought an STi Mobile prepaid phone and service . I have used multiple prepaid phone services . This is the worst ever service BY FAR .1 -RRB- They have many hidden charges and change them without notice . They added a 10 cent daily fee without any notice . They started deducting from my account every day until it reached zero . The fee was 365 days/year even if you do n't use your phone . I did n't use the phone for a couple weeks and my account reached zero . Once the balance reached 0 for 14 days , they deactivated my phone . Once deactivated I lost my phone number and voicemail . If your phone is disconnected because they added some new fee and started deducting , you are not notified . I only found out when I tried to make a call .2 -RRB- Watch the fake rebates . They used a rebate to get me in , but once my account hit 0 , they said my rebate was now disqualified because I hit zero . I hit zero because they added a fee without any notice . Now I have to pay for activation again . When I called then about this what did they say ? `` The customer is responsible to review the terms and conditions often on the website for any changes . '' Needless to say , I 'll choose another carrier and will not reactivate with them .3 -RRB- Their customer service is useless . They ask you to repeat information again and again . When you call about a problem or question , they tell you to call back after they can talk to some other department . You call back and they claim to have no record of your last call .4 -RRB- Want to know your account balance ? You ca n't know your account balance without calling customer service and talking to an operator or making a call . They used to tell you your balance if you dial a number and hung up before it connected . But they changed that policy without notice . Now if you dial a number to know the balance you will get charged even if you disconnect right away . Customer service response ? `` Yes , we changed that . You -LRB- the customer -RRB- are responsible for reviewing the terms and conditions on our website . `` 5 -RRB- Want to buy a recharge card directly from the STI website ? Oops , you pay an extra service fee.They are clearly trying to get you to buy the service and play games after you activate your number . I thought it was cheaper than other prepaid services I had used before . I learned the hard way that the additional fees and deductions cost me more than I thought I would save.Never use STi Mobile service . These guys are going to get really familiar with the BBB really fast with the stuff I experienced and what I keep hearing about them .
 These are made by nokia -LRB- what is on the item itself -RRB- and does not work with motorolla/Nextel phones .
 I was very disappointed in this item . I bought this item to go with my Nokia 6126 , but the plug did n't fit my phone . I tried a plug adapter , but the headset just did n't work with my phone . Rather than waste my money on shipping to return the item , -LRB- which cost more than I even paid for the item , -RRB- I just ate the cost and threw out the headset .
 While the clarity and ease of use is quite good , I can not get the darn thing to stay on my ear ! The lower portion of the `` hook '' is a very flexible rubber -LRB- would have been better with something firmer -RRB- and therefore basically hangs loosely on the ear instead of being secure . I 've had it less than two weeks and am already out shopping for a replacement !
 The H500 Motorola Bluetooth Headset works well , but it wo n't stay on my ear . Falls off if I move my head at all . The part that goes behind your ear is n't long enough . I gave it away .
 I have had this bluetooth a little over a year . I am very dissatisfied with it and wish I 'd returned it . It does not fit tightly on the ear . With the volume turned up to the max you ca n't hear well at all , especially while in the car .
 It 's hard to put it on tightly on the ear and would often fall off on its own without any particular movement from me . When that 's annoying enough , the ear hook broke in only the third months ! And it 's unrepairable . As a reference , with the last Logitech bluetooth I owned , the earhook cracked after two years ... I was very disappointed at the earhook of this model , and that is such a critical part for a bluetooth headset !
 Purchased the original one and it did not work right out of the box . Would not even charge up . Exchanged for another one and this one the charger worked but the phone had terrible sound quality for the person on the other end calling the bluetooth . It would crackle and pop . The person wearing the Bluetooth it sounded okay . Sent this one back also for a refund , and then went out and spent more then I wanted to , but purchased a $ 79.00 Jabra BT530 which has great sound quality and you can even listen to music through it if your phone has capiblity for playing music .
 It has very very bad audio quality . I tried it with three different cell phones and every time it added very loud hissing noise during phone conversation making it difficult to communicate . And I was testing it from a quiet room.Despite lots of `` not good '' reviews I bought it thinking I 'll get a good one . I 'm not interested in any features . But if the product is not delivering the very basic functionality then what else to look for ? I end up returning it .
 After 6 months I had to buy another earpiece . This Motorola was way too big for my ear and kept falling off . I also really never got the hang of the buttons . I felt that there was too little distinction between what you wanted it to do ; so if you hit the button a second too long it did something totally different than what you wanted , etc. . I went with a funny looking Jabra that and I feel I have much better control over the buttons and commands and it fits nicely around the ear and feel very comfortable .
 I brought it for my friend , the first one we got was terrible , But Amazon 's cu care is excellent . They easily replaced it with a new one for us . But then that was a lil crappy too . The sound quality aint really good
 I 've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear . It appears to wobble around the ear and leaves me with the feeling that it is going to fall off at any time . There are many better headsets out there that fit more comfortably and do not leave you wondering what is going to happen .
 I bought this headset to work with my Samsung A900 `` blade . '' When I put it on I found it very comfortable and lightweight . The sound quality is great for me , but people on the other end said they could hear themselves . The one-touch button is finicky , it sticks out and is very easy to press accidentally.Then the fun began . For some reason it kept playing `` Ride of the valkarie '' in my ear when I had it connected to my phone . The reason ? , I had a voicemail message . Every 5 seconds `` Duh duh duh duuuuh duh . . '' eroded my sanity , even when I was talking on the phone , cutting off my conversation . I 'm thinking of adding a present from my dog in the packaging when I take it back .
 This product works well if you have a table with one short leg and you can just wedge it under and flatten it . As a headset , it 's worthless . Get the Plantronics Voyager - it 's the only bluetooth headset that does n't suck .
 This is one of the worst purchases I have made in my life . I should have returned it the second day . The amount of echo and feedback is unbearable ! On a conference call , if I do n't mute , the rest of the team sends a hit man looking for me ! I 'm searching for something new and really do n't care what I have to pay for it since I 'm on the on phone in my car 2000-3000 minutes a month . And , when I get something else , I 'm going to smash this thing with a hammer and send the pieces back to Motorola with an appropiate letter .
 works ok . I like speaker phone the beat.i use the speaker phone in all kinds of stores .
 i just purchased this headset and i 'm very upset that i overpaid for a headset that does n't even have the full functions of a regular wired headset . i have a motorola v360 phone in which i can listen to mp3 's on , but with the motorola h500 bluetooth headset , i ca n't even listen to them . from what i have found recently through research is that this headset does n't even support mp3 files . i wish i knew about this before i spent $ 75 on it . but other than this , other people on the other line complain that they ca n't hear me well . i 'm definitely returning this headset back asap and getting my money back . this headset definitely is n't worth its price .
 They sent me a pink one !!!!!! nowhere did it give me an option to specify color ... does it look pink on that main page ???? NO!now I have to try to return this
 I bought the H500 headset and it was TERRIBLE ! It had so much static you could not carry on a conversation ! When I took it back to the cell phone store I was informed by the salesperson that they had sent back all of their H500 's because of the static and unsatisfied customers . I purchased an H700 and LOVE IT ! There is no camparison ! Do n't waste your money on the H500 , mine went in the trash !
 Incoming sound
 Quality wise this is a pretty decent headset - no complaints there . However due to the shortsightedness of its design , I find that it constantly calls the last person I had a conversation with without me even knowing it -LRB- whether they called me or I called them to begin with -RRB- . This results in a number of embarrassing situations that you later have to explain to people -LRB- hopefully people who understand -RRB- such as why you called them while humming a tune sitting on your toilet or other such real life situations that you do n't necessarily want `` company '' for.Basically , the heaset is set to call whoever is on your call log list so long as the middle button is held down for 2 seconds then released . In your pocket , this happens quite a bit more than you would think . So you choices are to either shut it off each and every time you use it -LRB- hard to remember sometimes -RRB- or just endure the fun ! Also , because it can be hooked to voice dialing , there have been times where it has called the person who it thought it heard me trying to call while in my pocket.Basically , all Motorola would have needed to do is either provide a way to disable these features or make the button a bit less easy to get pressed while in your pocket . Oh well . . enjoy !
 This is probably one of the most sold Bluetooth headsets on the market . Mainly , because you can find it at any Best Buy , Circuit City , and most wireless accessory stores/kiosks . But that does n't mean it 's the best . In fact , I 've been using this for the last couple of months and have basically found it unusable.First impressions
 The buttons and size of the headset were decent and the quality of the call for me was ok but the person on the other end said it was pretty fuzzy when I talked to them . Speakerphone on my phone worked better than this headset . It was bad enough that I had to return this headset and buy a different brand headset for about the same price but is very clear on both ends of the call .
 In acar , while driving around , the microphone quality is poor enough that voice recognition on the phone no longer works . So calls can not be made from a car . Even putting the microphone right up to my mouth does not work . Sometimes answering a call causes the speaker phone in the phone to activate . On those rare occasions when a call actually works it 's very difficult to hear to person on the other end .
 When using the headset , I get constant complaints from people on the other end that they hear an echo . The echo goes away if I turn down the volume to a such a low level , I can not hear . I suspect the problem is related to the unit not being very secure to the ear . The unit constantly flips away from the ear . The gap allows sound to feedback from the speaker into the microphone . It also almost falls off my ear constantly . When on a call , I often find myself holding it close to my ear to keep it from falling off . It has become so annoyingly loose , that I quit using it .
 This is my second try at finding a decent Bluetooth headset . This H500 is better than the Jabra BT150 that it replaced , but not good enough . Outgoing voice sound is reported back as electronically odd sounding with buzzing clicking background noise . Also listeners report electronic insect sounding echos . Hear odd incoming echos and buzzing sounds as well . Both of the above headsets have been paired to a LG VX8300 phone.Don ' t like the fit or feel of this headset . The Jabra fit significantly better . The controls are also hard to find and use.Now going to try a Plantronics Voyager 510 based on Amazon ratings . -LRB- It worked great and is still performing well a year and a half later -RRB-
 It was real easy to sync with my phone Motorola V551 had complaints of too much background noise on the other end and it would n't stay on my ear very well so it made it hard to hear the other person on the line . The talk time is not accurate talked for about 2 to 21/2 hours and 7 to 8 standby on 1 charge charged in 2 hours though . priced good sells for $ 50 to $ 60 at phone store .
 Very bad do not buy can not hear from Bluetooth just looks good bad design need improvement contact the Motorola they you have to sent to us we can give new one
 Horrible sound and a ringing noise that would make the people i called hang up . I would not recommend this product .
 I could hear fine on my end , but listeners did n't want to talk with me because from there end it was distorted and screechy . Just plain awful and a total waste of money . I would like my money back .
 This is the worst headset I have used . It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two . I wear my phone on my belt and when I am sitting in the car with the headset on the same side as my phone it will shut off do to connection loss . Even worse when I am wearing a light coat and it falls over the phone . I would not have another one of these units.Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset -LRB- Nickel -RRB-
 I just bought this from a Verizon store in NJ and was told it was the most popular model . Like reviewers , I find the echo unacceptable . In addition , the other caller sounds tinny and electronic like they have inhaled helium . Very disappointed and I would avoid this product .
 I do n't have anything good to say about my bluetooth headset . It does n't work . I think that I would like it if it worked . I even took it to my Verizon Wireless dealer and he could n't get it to work . And , yes it is fully charged .
 It does n't fit my ear very well , so it 's loose and falls off at times .
 It was slow getting here and the sound quality was not up to snuff , I have not seen a blue tooth headset that sound very good yet no matter the price , wired is the only way to go
 Despite claims otherwise , this Motorola headset does not work with all cell phones . My Sony-Ericsson cell phone was not compatible with this headset , nor with a Motorola H350.I was forced to buy a Sony-Ericsson headset if I wanted one that worked with my Sony-Ericsson phone .
 I wnated this to use for my car . Reception was fine with Treo 650 however I could n't hear the caller . Perhaps the headset did not fit my ear well or this unit was malfunctioning but it was worthless . I drive a car that is quiet so I was n't asking that much of the unit . It was marginal in a quiet room . I replaced it with a Pantronics Discovery 640 . Much more expensive but works well -LRB- see my other review -RRB-
 The fit and the sound are good , but , this headset does not remain in standby mode after five minutes of inactivity . The user guide says the indicator light goes out to conserve power but that the headset remains in standby mode . But I 've found that after the light goes out , I 've got to turn on the headset again to make a or receive a call , holding the multifunction button . That 's inconvenient if I 'm driving and not wearing the heaset when receiving a call . In standby mode , the unit should automatically connect when I make a call or ring and just require a tap on button to receive a call . Amazon was quick to replace the headset at no shipping or return cost to me , but the replacement has the same problem .
 I bought this thinking I could use it in the car while driving . First of all , since the microphone is attached to your ear , other people hear all sorts of noise besides your voice ; Second , I ca n't seem to pick up incoming calls and seem to have to answer it with my cell phone which is what I wanted to avoid ; Third , ca n't tell when it 's running out of juice since there is no indicator ; and lastly , it disconnects from the cell when it feels like it . I would wait for technology to get better before buying this kind of thing .
 The single most frequent problem I have with this headset is that it constantly loses connection with my RAZR phone . I 've used two different RAZRs with it and both of them have the same problem . I 've paired it and re-paired it multiple times but always with the same problem . Getting the H500 replaced at the dealer did n't help either.It 's rather frustrating when you 're talking to someone and then suddenly you can here them but they ca n't hear you .
 I was very disappointed in this headset . I am a big fan of Motorola in general , and have had good experiences with few exceptions -LRB- every company is entitled to some stinkers -RRB- . The unit was great in most aspects , except where I needed it most ! - The range from the Razor phone was terrible . With the phone in my left pocket and the headset in my right ear , there was static . Unacceptable range . - Sound . Just about everyone I talked to when in a conversation using the headset could n't understand what I was saying . They said it sounded like I was mumbling !! I would have to disconnect and use the phone , to which everyone would say `` that 's much better ! '' . Basically , I 'm going back to Plantronics , with whom I 've had great luck in the wired versions . I read one review that said an individual borrowed his neighbor 's H500 , and it worked flawlessly but one he purchased had the same issues . Maybe there is a manufacturing issue with different lots . I would rather think this is the case , as Motorola has traditionally excelled at quality engineering . However , I 'm done with Motorola in the headset area for now . I took mine back .
 First of all , I should state that this is my first experience with bluetooth headsets . Also , I may have received a defective unit which would n't make for a fair example of what these units are capable of.I have tried to use the H500 with my V3c RAZR with very spotty results over the period of a month . On a fresh charge -LRB- that lasts for about three short calls -RRB- it sounds great ... sometimes . Other times , it sounds so garbled that I can only understand every other word . It clears up if I hold my phone about a foot away from the headset in a horizontal position . Why bother with a headset if I have to hold my phone near my ear ??? It also turns on too easily when kept in my pants pocket . No I do n't wear tight pants , hahaha.In concept , it 's a great unit , but in real world use , it 's a disaster ! Hopefully it 's not too late to exchange it for a more expensive unit . It 's true , you get what you pay for!I would discourage anyone I know from buying this model ! If I ca n't return or exchange it , it 'll go right in the garbage where it belongs !
 I love the reverse earpiece , however , the piece was entirely too big for my ear -LRB- s -RRB- . Not recommended for small ears .
 The product does n't work . there is so much static that comes out no one can hear me speak . when I called customer service they did not speak english and were of no help . they refused to replace it , but that could be because no one spoke or understood english . I was very disappointed in the blue tooth . and the service . I have had one for years and mine finally gave way . replaceing it was not a problem I wanted the same one i had ... that was a mistake ... thanks for asking my opinion . . hope you post it
 I am not happy with the Motorola Bluetooth . It does not fit well at all and the reception is poor . I had to stop using it because no one on the other line could hear me clearly . It 's cheap for a reason , folks !
 Anyone I talk to hears a constant buzzing in the background and can not make out a word I say . After a month of trying to use it speaking as loudly and clearly as I can for people to be able to barely hear me I threw it in the garbage .
 To noisey its not fix on the ear properly.realy worst experience for me . . firsttime i was unsatisfaied with moto product ...
 It is useable at best . The ear hook is not adequate and falls off easily , I have not had this happen ever before . The volume of my earpiece is very low and makes it hard to hear in the car . I would suggest buying a better model
 not only it dances on your ear , but also it is unpredictable of when it will and will not work . I eventually caught on and learned that it will work on the second dial . So when i call someone , i hit send , wait a second , hit end , then dial again . I could not find a work around for when it works during receiving except to turn it off and use the phone and risk loosing the caller .
 This bluetooth headset is no good . Once it is farther than 2 FEET from the phone , the reception will start to break up . Sometimes even when it 's really close to the phone the reception is awful . When is comes to headset you 're going to have to pay up if you want quality .
 I have tried several things to make this work . Even have changed the phone once . Nothing works . There is too much static most of the time . The device goes to sleep with a few minutes of non-use , and is difficult to wake back up . Usually to get things working again I need to restart both the phone and the headset .
 got this for my treo 700p . bought it at office depot so i could try it out and not have to deal with the hassle of mailing something back that did n't work . glad i did , bc i agree with almost all the negative comments posted :1 . static , even when held right next to the phone -LRB- or any distance -RRB- it was quite loud and annoying , and could be heard by both the me and the person i called .2 . ear clip - very uncomfortable . clips * to * your ear . nothing inside your ear , which leads me to my next complaint .3 . volume - there was no way to position it so that i could hear intelligibly in a very quiet room .4 . feels heavy .5 . i gave it an extra star because it 's somewhat cool-looking and i do n't like having lists of four items.i 'm gon na return it today . i 've ordered the plantronics 645 made specifically for treos -LRB- the label says palm makes it , but it looks so identical i do n't see how it could be made by another manufacturer . search for the `` hands free ultralight headset '' to find it -- it 's cheaper than the official plantronics one and comes with a treo charger adapter . -RRB- hopefully , this will give me better sound quality . i 'm afraid to try out any of the other motorola ones with my treo .
 Quickly : Pros - Compact , long battery life , good looking design with pretty , flashy blue light.Cons - Does not hug the ear welll and may very well fall whenever you move your head any faster than a casual scan to the sides -LRB- such as , say , looking the other way to check for oncoming traffic -RRB- . Does not fit very well in the ear and thus , even at max volume , one has trouble listening to the other person if they do anything other than talk loudly and clearly into the phone . Although it seems to do a good job ignoring ambient noise , it does the same thing with your voice . One must speak at a very loud volume for the people on the other end of the line to hear you clearly , thus making it useless anywhere other than your own home , car , or desserted ally .
 The device looks sleek and is rather small which is good for wearing over long periods of time . However , its grip over the ear is rather flimsy and sudden head movements leave the device flapping . I would really have loved to keep the device but had to return mine because people had problems hearing me when I used it . From what I gathered , I sounded like I was talking through a tin can . However , I could hear callers quite clearly . I tried everything I could using the buttons available to see if this could resolve the issue to no avail . I initially thought the problem could be that I was using the H500 with my LGCU500 phone and somehow , they were not optimized to work with each other . However , I tested the headset with a friend 's Motorola V551 phone and had the same results . Other people I have talked to who own an H500 have n't experienced these issues so it could very well be that I got the bad one which somehow made it past the quality checks .
 I 've been using the Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset for a couple of frustrating years . It sometimes turns itself on or off -LRB- usually when I need the opposite - I can be in the middle of a conversation & BAM - GONE ! -RRB- . Also , the volume control works , but not the greatest - the way the headset hangs over my ear makes it difficult to hear if there 's any noise around me ; if I turn my head too quickly , the headset will fall off . I can switch ears , but not as easily as other units . Lastly , I do n't know if it 's a phone issue or a headset issue , but when I 've tried to turn off the headset & use the phone 's speaker while on a call , it wo n't work - ca n't get the headset to turn off w/o losing the call . Even then , if the headset is in the vicinity , the headset acts possessed ! I 'm researching for a different one .
 Short and sweet - do n't waste your precious money on this . I was trying to upgrade from my Plantronics Explorer 320 . Wow . When I opened the package and put the H500 on my ear I thought to myself , `` I have never felt anything more uncomfortable in my life . '' I would rather go without a BT headset than have to wear this thing . Back to the old 320 it is !!
 My device in only 2 months old stops working in the middle of calls have to reconnect all the time . I think this product was not designed using the 6 sigma process they are known for .
 I can not begin to express my total displeasure with the Motorola H500 BT headset ! To begin with it is a VERY loose fit and if I am not standing or sitting perfectly still it moves around quite a bit . The sound quality on the `` other end '' of the call has varied from bad to worse . Everyone I have spoken to complains of a HORRIBLE echo on their end regardless of the type of phone they are on.On my end , no matter what I try , no matter how many times I reboot or rejoin to my Blackberry there is an extremely loud static , even when I am pressing buttons on the phone while checking v-mail ! Motorola support basically blamed everything but the headset , from my phone -LRB- everyone at work has the same phone and none of them have this problem with other BT sets -RRB- to the service provider -LRB- Verizon , the BEST in the northeast -RRB- and even me.I would have to urge anyone interested in a BT headset to avoid the H500 like the plague , not that other Motorola sets may not be fantastic , but this one is a turkey and is going back tomorrow morning
 Nice size and weight . Kind of a pain to use and useless in a convertible . OK ... to be honest I really do n't like it at all .
 The purchase was not a good one . My set works about half the time , if that .
 I 'm on my second H500 . My first H500 had to be replaced because the ear hook mounting to the actual device broke . Now my replacement has suffered the same consequence . I 'm very frustrated at this point because I really do n't want to send it back to Motorola for another replacement . Very poor plastic engineering in my opinion . Otherwise it works fine . In medium noise environments the speaker can be hard to hear . I wish I could push the volume up to ' 11 ' .
 I purchased this headset to go with my Black RAZR phone as I was told ` it ' was the headset specifically designed to work with the RAZR software.Unfortunately , it does n't keep a reliable link to the phone and frequently drops the connection . Motorola claims there 's not a problem yet , actual testing proves different . They went to market without testing this H500 thoroughly with the RAZR.It became so annoying that I stopped using it . This is clearly a software or hardware problem with the RAZR and/or H500.Oh , by the way , I actually had my RAZR swapped-out because I mistakenly thought it was the phone . Oh , and I even had the H500 swapped-out . In short , two different phones -LRB- RAZR -RRB- and two different headsets -LRB- H500 -RRB- . You ca n't use them together.Buy a different headset and test it before leaving the store.If you 're wondering what I do for a living , I 'm an engineer ... I tested this for 3 weeks and you ca n't reliably use the H500 with a RAZR.Good luck !
 This is my second Bluetooth headset and my second Motorola product . I guess Motorola hit its highpoint with B&W ; TVs in the 1950 's . The phone was unusable and my Cingular dealer took it back . This headset -- on a Palm Treo 650 -- is not very useful . It forces the Treo 's auto answer to ON , even though it is set to OFF on the phone . And after about ten minutes , the H500 simply shuts off . If it is just sleeping , it is sleeping really deeply , because the phone ca n't wake it up , and no kind of button pushing will wake it in time to be recognized by the phone for the current call.Maybe it 's a sign of the times , but it seems that we should not have expectations of functionality unless we pay $ 500 or more -- and maybe not even then -- for a product these days . It is helpful to small margin retailers that the multitude of junk products now come with a big notice `` STOP . DO N'T RETURN THIS PRODUCT TO YOUR STORE . CALL US -LSB- the manufacturer -RSB- . '' You call , and eventually you get an RMA to send the brand new device to the manufacturer for replacement . So the cost goes from $ 43.11 to $ 52 after UPS shipping , assuming that the replacement works . It seems that the consumer is the QC for many companies now . Is this how the Chinese Communists are going to win the new cold war -- by flooding the west with defective merchandise ?
 I do n't know why it 's just a empty box delivered to me . When I received that , it is laid down on the floor out of my door . I have called the carrier company - USPS , but they just said they will investigate into . I do n't know who steal it or it is empty ever from the manufacturer .
 I went to this unit after having a Sony ear piece for a few years . What I did n't like about the Sony unit was that it had a hard insert that fits in to the users ear - removing it after a while actually hurt . What I liked about the Sony unit was that switch from ear to ear was a piece of cake.That said , I had high hopes for this Motorola unit because it is comfortable and it does give the wearer good sound in the ear piece -LRB- which is nicely padded -RRB- as well as flexibility in recharging the unit -LRB- see below -RRB- Where this unit fails is in its adjustiblity . Not only is changing the ear piece from left to right ear difficult -LRB- requires that the user unsnap the ear clip and then snap it back into place - not something to attempt which driving -RRB- but that the plastic clip itself fits too loosely and can not be reshaped to fit the users ear . Put another way , this thing slides around like a size 9 mans foot in a size 13 shoe . And because it has a propensity to move , you find yourself constantly trying to get it back to optimal listening position.On the positive side , battery life on this unit is superior to the Sony unit AND if you have a car charger for a Motorola phone you can charge this unit on the fly -LRB- the Sony unit did n't have this ability -RRB- . For the price this is n't a bad choice , I just wish it fit better .
 Ordered this based on some of the reviews I read and must admit that it does have average to good clarity . But I must admit the ear piece is very uncomfortable to the point of being painful . Returned it because I could not take the comfort issues . Would not recommend this item .
 Well , actually I was a little disappointed with this headset . The volume controls on the headset are n't sensitive enough for easy volume changes . And you have to push the connect/disconnect button pretty hard to activate . However , the biggest problem I have with this is that the ear holder does n't rotate around the earbud axis . So you can only control the positioning one dimensionally . It 's not as comfortable as my old one as a result .
 If there is a bigger waste of money , I do n't know what it is . While it worked the sound quality was horroble . It made every call sound like Charlie Brown 's teacher . On the bright side , since it does n't work 30 days after purchase , the sound quality is n't quite as annoying . I give it one star because no stars is not an option . Sad thing is , if I were to slap the manufacturers I would be the one to go to jail .
 This H500 was a replacement for a lost H8500 . It was disappointing .1 . The ON-OFF feature is hard to use with little feedback .2 . The unit turns itself on when you carry it in your pocket . That in turn makes the cellphone misbehave
 With my Motorola Razr cell phone that I purchased last year , I also purchased a Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset for hands-free use . Initially , I was very pleased with the H500 , but soon discovered a number of problems that eventually eroded my initial opinion about it.First , a poor & uncomfortable fit . The inflexible hook that is supposed to keep the H500 secure to the ear was clearly not designed with people who wear eyeglasses in mind . Consequently , it is a constant battle to maintain a snug fit of the H500 against the ear , which involves trying to keep the eyeglass frame on the outside of the H500 ear hook while still both contained by the ear lobe . Otherwise , the H500 can dangle loosely allowing the forward-part of the H500 to bend away from the ear by half an inch or more . Also , I have discovered that after about 30 minutes to an hour of wearing it , the H500 becomes uncomfortable even if I 'm not wearing my eyeglasses at the time.Second , high noise susceptibility . I quickly discovered that when walking outside and there is a light breeze , the person to whom I am speaking gets to hear a loud hiss , making it difficult for him/her to hear what I 'm saying . The problem worsens if you are facing the breeze . Cupping the ear can help a little , or walking in a direction that is perpendicular to the wind direction , which is not necessarily possible.Third , frequent loss of connection with the Razr . When I use the H500 , it is normally not more than 3 feet from the Razr as I keep the Razr in a pants pocket . Three feet is certainly well within the H500 's Bluetooth signal range , but even so , it routinely looses its connection with the Razr . When this happens , I can still hear the person who is talking to me , but the person that I 'm talking to can not hear me at all . What 's really annoying is that when this happens , there is no warning signal of any kind given by the H500 . You only find out when the person you are talking to starts saying , `` Hello , are you there ? '' To let the person on the other end know that I 'm still there , I have to quickly grab the Razr , open it and hold it to my ear while I do what I have found to be the only way to restore the connection between it and the H500
 The motorola bluetooh 500 is very lightweight and sleek but the main feature I purchased it for is the one feature I am very disappointed about . Being able to go wireless . My customers complain that while talking to me they get an echo on their side of the phone , both cell phones and land line phones . It gets so annoying to them that they ask me to cut the bluetooth off . Customer service from motorola is very personable but I still have a problem with the bluetooth . Heading back to the store where I purchased this item for their tech support or hopefully exchange .
 I bought this to replace my Logitech bluetooth headset because I wanted one that looked a bit more professional . Looks good , but the complaint at the other end is `` what windtunnel are you in ? '' . The Logitech headset is much better at picking up voice commands and clarity of sound . Wish I had n't wasted the money on this H500 .
 I 've owned several bluetooth headsets in the past , and have always gone with the larger noise cancelling types , with larger batteries and the longer microphone booms for better mic reception . This time I decided to go with something a little less conspicuous and streamlined , and I see so many people wearing this model ... and now I regret it.The unit has some nice features ; it 's light weight , looks stylish , is n't overly noticeable.However , it 's shortcommings far outweight the good . The most disappointing is the static that people that I 'm talking to hear . Several people have commented about the level of noise/static they hear , and in most cases I have to raise my voice and speak louder than normal to overcome it . Mind you this is when I 'm NOT driving ; this is sitting in my office with almost complete silence . With driving needless to say it 's even worse.The bluetooth connection is also somewhat poor . For example , when using the earpiece with my phone in my hand ; if I position the phone on the other side of my body from the earpiece I start to hear static . I do n't think it 's my phone that 's causing this , as my other earpieces never did this.I also still do n't quite understand how and when this earpieces decides to turn off . For example , if I do n't use it for a while such as overnight , when I pick the earpiece up the power is off . So I figure the battery has died . However if I turn it back on it has plenty of power left . So I guess it just decides to turn itself off after a certain amount of inactivity . Perhaps a feature to some , but I 'd like my earpiece to stay on all the time , and power off when I want it to.Another thing is the blinking light indicator . It will blink every couple of seconds after you turn it on . But it only seems to do this for a certain amount of time , after which the light stops blinking , however the earpiece is still powered on . I.e. you do n't have to power it on to start using it .
 I purchased this earpiece to go along with my POS Motorla RAZR phone . It has a poor fit and does n't fit comfortably around my ear . It just hangs there , which makes it hard to hear and for others to hear me . I ca n't bend down without it falling off . Callers have often complained of a `` buzzing '' sound that emits when it is used . The sound quality if very poor and disappointing .
 I have been using it for about 2 months now and up till now it worked great with my Sony Ericsson Z520i . I have had no problems in getting it connected -LRB- paired -RRB- with my phone and it has never disconnected on its own.However , the battery life has just diminished to 30 % all of a sudden . I have tried charging it at different wall outlets and have measured my use , which has not changed . Seems like something is wrong with the battery.I will NOT recommend it to anyone , although when it works it has great sound and no one can tell that I am using a headset . Although there is some disturbance in windy situation but overall this product is great except for poor battery performance .
 I purchased the H500 for my motorola e18 . The design is snappy , but the sound quality was quite poor and very noticeable to the people on the other line . I returned this headset and bought a plantronics . While it is a little more cumbersome on the ear , the sound quality is much improved .
 Wow , this is about the 7th Blutooth I tried in 2 years , and for the price at Best Buy -LRB- $ 75.00 -RRB- , this H500 was a letdown . Let me say that I really wanted to invest in a Motorola product , and believe it or not , this H500 looks good , has great reception -LRB- easy to pair with too ! -RRB- , BUT the major drawback is the earpiece design . This H500 does NOT fit well on my ear -LRB- which is n't small ! -RRB- , and the unit simply flops around without being secure ... this is VERY IRRITATING !! Also , since the H500 does n't fit well , you may have trouble hearing the person on the other end.You have to continually nod your head to keep the H500 from falling off , and do n't even think about making sudden quick movements . . the H500 will simply fly off your ear ... so much for a $ 75 + investment ! If I were you , I 'd avoid this H500 in the store and buy an affordable wire unit from Jabra . The entire Bluetooth technology is a big letdown , so after numerous trials , I decided to stick with reliable wire units.BTW , I also tried a unit from Plantronics , which had a superior fit & easy pairing with my phone , but the unit 's reception was AWFUL ... STATIC GALORE & low volume on both ends !
 Really not too wild about how this works . If you have a choice , pick another headset .
 I bought this product in September and it was much harder to use than my other Bluetooth . It also never worked properly and came on automatically , when I did n't want to use it . If a call came in , it would be silence on my cellphone beecause the bluetooth picked it up.In January the on-off button stopped working and I called the `` Cell Phone Shop '' to return it , and they said there was a 90 day warranty and I was out of luck-Won ' t buy from them again . Very disappointed-Linda
 Practically everytime I am on the phone talking to someone I get complaints from people saying that they hear wind in the back ground as if I 'm driving with the window down . This is the second time I have purchased a motorola H500 . I decided to buy it again because I thought maybe the first one I had was just defected . But not I see obviously not .
 The H500 rests outside the ear , and does not provide isolation from outside noise . The body tends to flop around while walking and bending over . Sound quality is fair . Some of my friends reported static , which I did n't hear . For the price , it 's OK , but I wish I had done more shopping . My biggest disappointment was with Motorola Technical support . When I tried to pair it with my iPhone , the phone saw the device , but could not pair with it . When I got through to Motorola telephone tech support , the off-shore rep could only read me the pairing instructions , and tell me to contact Apple tech support . Later , I pressed `` forget this device '' in the iPhone Bluetooth setup screen . Almost immediately , the phone found the device and paired with it . I had sent an email to Motorola ; the next day I received a reply with instructions to do what I had done . I think it 's odd that the phone reps could n't provide this information . I got the impression that tech support reps are more concerned with quickly off-loading consumers , than they are in solving their problems .
 The incoming sound quality is fine . However , as many have experienced , this headset has terrible outgoing sound quality . I tried it with Skype with a PC and Audiovox ST5600 . The main issue is the very noticable static heard on the receiving end . I am going to return mine .
 This is a horrible headset . I figured for a retail price of over sixty bucks , one might expect at least a modicum of sound quality . Not so.The first call I placed using this device was to my friend , who , upon hearing me , mistook me for a Borg . The second was to my father , who , lacking any experience with Star Trek , said I sounded `` like a stupid robot '' . That 's bad enough , but when you combound it with the high-pitched whiny buzz that the reciever hears in the background , you do n't have a headset so much as an incredibly efficient friend-alienation gadget.I for one will be sticking with my crappy old wired headset , which may be a bit more obtrusive , but does n't irritate everyone I call .
 I do n't get it ... a friend of mine has one so I got it thinking it worked well . I get and first , it does n't fit my ear . In fact it does n't fit anyone 's ear so everytime I turn my head in the car , it flies off . Great for safe driving huh ? Then , everyone one I talk to says they hear an echo of themselves when I use it . My friend who has it , tells me he has the same problems . I should have asked him how he lked it before I bought it . This is the worst money I 've spent in a very long time . I hope this review helps others not to buy a bad product !
 Had H500 for over a month . I often receive complaints from callers that an echo exist or to much static . Feels loose on my ear . Holds a good charge , but not a stellar unit .
 I ordered this headset to match my new RAZR , unfortunately the first headset that arrived had a bad microphone . I returned it for a second one which refused to sync with my phone . I know the problem is with the headsets as I borried blue tooth headsets from friends which worked wonderfully with my phone . I 've given up and am currently looking for an alternative model . Be warned .
 thought this would be a better fit ... NOT &#62; &#62; &#62; &#62; &#62; no instructions to put it on my phone . . got to something better . . to bad I ca n't sent it back
 I previously used a Jabra bluetooth headset , so I figured I 'd try this Motorola bluetooth headset . Big mistake!While using the headset , my call recipients heard a loud buzzing noise . Since I bought two as a gift , I asked my brother-in-law to call me from the headset I bought for him , and I also heard a loud buzzing noise.This headset does not fit comfortably when you are using glasses ... tends to not stay in the ear . Also , it does not have the flexibility of movement for the ear hook.I will go back to using Jabra !
 for some reason i got used headset in a new cover.although it was the lowest price in amazon for h500 headset but now i know the reason .
 The product did not function the first timeso I sent it back to Motorola with the charger and handbook but they did not return the charger.Now I call everyday to get my charger back.Again the bluetooth has the same problem . It sometimes does not ring while incoming call .
 I was very disappointed in this bluetooth . I bought it because it was inexpensive , and figured Motorola is a decent brand . Well , I hated this bluetooth . The biggest complaint is the voice is too low , so it was difficult for people on the other end of the line to hear clearly . Adjusted volume did not help much . I 'm now using a Sony Ericsson , which works great .
 Got the H500 , not complaining about design , packaging , etc - everything great.First and most important - nobody can hear me . That 's enough to trash this thing . If you 're still looking for more :1 . headset turns itself off at its own will , hard to know when it will pick up the call or not -LRB- maybe this is a problem with all no-boom headsets ? -RRB- 2 . volume is average - can hear good indoors , lousy in the -LRB- standard -RRB- car and outdoors .
 Picked up this headset back in January . Works fine with my Motorola phone . While not the best headset ever , it 's great for the price -LRB- I think I only paid 30 bucks at that time -RRB- . But I must say it does n't work well with my Playstation 3 . All my other friends say the same thing . Here are some issues when attempting to use it in conjuction with the PS3 :1 . After pairing when you go to the settings to adjust the volume it OFTEN disconnects .2 . After pairing you OFTEN ca n't operate your PS3 controller .3 . After pairing and logging into an online game after problems 1 & 2 resolve most likely it will not work in the game . When you go back to the settings to check it out it freezes your PS3 . Now you will encounter problems 1 & 2 all over again .4 . ANY and I mean ANY other Bluetooth device within range will interfere with the operation of this headset . Have fun going through problems 1-3 all over again . The other day it took me over 30 minutes to finally be able to use my headset with an online game !!!! I hear the Jabra headsets work great with the PS3 . Looks like I 'll be picking up one of those.To summarize
 I 've had the same problems others are reporting . Style and usability seem great , but performance is quite bad . If I was in a quiet room things seemed to be ok , but if there is any background noise at all , people could n't hear me . Any time I tried to use it in the car , people could n't hear me or said it sounded terrible . Also , the range seemed to be very intermittent . If I was at home I could walk around without my phone and things would work great . In the car I would get low signal warnings and dropped connections all the time . Even when the phone was right next to the headset sometimes it would n't connect to my razr.I 'm going to be returning it tomorrow .
 I used this headset with a LG VX8100 phone . The headset was incredibly comfortable and I never had connectivity issues . However , no matter what I did and who I called the people I spoke with could not hear me and if they did , they heard a extremely loud echo . The problem became so bad that I had to get rid of the headset and replace it with a different brand . I was very dissapointed as this was so confortable and easy to use .
 This headset came highly recommended at the store I bought it from , but they refused to open it and let me try it on . I figured if it 's the best selling headset here , it must work fine.It does work fine , if you can get it to stay on your ear . I so much as turn my head and it is falling off of me . When it is not falling off , it is hanging out so far from my ear that I ca n't hear calls . I have to press the thing up to my ear . So much for hands-free . Pros ? It 's incredibly easy to set up and use . Battery life seems to be good . The range is above average.It could be a little louder , though -LRB- this comment regarding sound WHILE the headset is up against my ear -RRB- . This is my first headset , but I just bought a Plantronics Explorer 340 for my husband for Christmas and I am SO jealous . I love his headset . The plantronics one has a peice that goes into your ear . It stays on . I can hear everything.This headset got 1 star from me , and it 's because it was no use to me and a complete waste of my money . My advice to you is
 I was very happy with this headset , until I actually used it on a call . It fits nicely , and was easy to set up . But since the first call , people on the other end of the line complained of hearing an echo of themselves speaking . It happened with all callers , on any phone type , even Motorola technical support.Apparently the microphone on the headset picks up the voice from its own ear piece . I tried re-associating the headset with the phone per Motorola 's suggestion , but that did not work . The only option they said was to return it to the store .
 I bought a Skype bundle that includes an H500 and a compatible Motorola USB adaptor.Here 's how it works . - > Charge the headset - > Install the adaptor WinXP driver from the included DVD - > Insert the Bluetooth dongle into a USB slot - > Pair and connect the headset to the computer.Unfortunately , when I make a call with Skype , the people I am calling always here a very load ECHO ECho Echo echo ... after every word I say.If I use a USB headset or a hardwired microphone , they never hear an echo.The echo makes this headset completely and utterly useless with Skype . I do n't have a bluetooth phone , but a good number of people also report the echo happens with phones.NOTE
 the H500 is very stylish but even with the volume cranked up high , i could not hear well . i bought it to drive in the car , and could hear ok if i was stopped at a light , but when the car was moving at all i could not hear unless i pressed it against my ear with my hand ... which kind of defeats the purpose .
 the product is unusable being returned a real pain . Everyone called complains about a noise like a horn while we are talking . the quality control on the refurb leaves something to b desired . only plus is that it can be returned . should be a zero star but thay wo n't let me .
 I hate it ! The ear piece does n't stay on your ear it falls off your ear and hits the floors constantly , or your in a store and now you have to worry about getting run into while you look for the thing on the floors with others shopping . . For people with small ears it 's even worse . I bought this one for a mans head there are no inner ear plugs and with the item just hanging on on ear it 's almost impossible to get the signal of an incoming , and if you can hear it , when the signal comes for a call , it 's even worse trying to speak through it . . reception and ear location and the fitting of the thing is the worst item i have ever purchased . Motorola is a decent name brand . . but failed with these . . and I bought 2 of them !!!!! grrrr I would n't suggest these to anyone !! Cheap Cheap . . you pay for what you get.ONE STAR ONLY !!!!!
 I bought this yesterday and it 's going back . For me , it only works properly about half the time . I made one call , it was crystal clear , the next call , I was told I sounded like I was in outer space . Too unreliable for me . The only pros were I like the color and it fit well . I bought the Motorola H670 and have had no problems with it .
 Please be sure to test the fit for this device . It sticks out and is very loose fitting which makes for a very uncomfortable and unsafe feeling . I keep thinking it is going to fall off , so I just remove it.I am going to put it out on Ebay to try to retrieve some of my money.I am very disappointed . Nothing else matters if you ca n't get the device to fit .
 I tried this headset in several conditions ; the sound quality was poor in all cases -LRB- as noted by my friends -RRB- . Also , the headset seems to stick out from my ear rather than hold tight along my jaw . This may just be how it fits me personally . However , even holding the device in place did not improve perceived sound quality .
 This is my 4th BT headset , I have hs820 , Voyager 510 , Logitech Freedom ... all of these are better than the hs500 . The 500 sounds great for me for all calls ... it 's only when people on the other end start asking me to repeat what I just said , that I understood what was happening . I had to test it out myself with my wife using the headset and talking on the phone ... with me on a regular phone and also her cell phone ... then I understood ... the Mic on the 500 is very sensitive ... I found if you talk very softly it will work just fine for the person on the other end . But if you talk in a normal or loud voice you become distorted to the person on the other end.I do n't know about others , but when I 'm in a conversation while driving ... I tend to speak louder than when i 'm talking with someone sitting right beside me . If I do n't talk in a very low voice ... the other party just ca n't understand me clear enough to continue while driving . This is with the windows up ... no wind noise at all from the outside.I see other reviews for this model ... and glad it 's working for them ... but it 's been my experience ... it just does n't make it for me . About the only way I can use the 500 is to be sitting in a no noise environment ... and talk softly ... it 's worthless for me while driving.I still say the Voyager 510 or the Logitech Freedom works the best for me while driving ... I just ordered a AnyCom 777 will review that after I have used it for a couple weeks ... my thoughts for the units I have ... Voyager 510 = 1st choiceLogitech Freedom = 2ndhs810 = 3rdhs500 = ca n't recommend this unit at all ... not worth it to me .
 My wife and I both got this headset to use with our Razr cellphones . It 's been one of the most frustrating experiences I 've ever had with a piece of technology.The construction and comfort of this headset are fine . It 's easy to wear on your ear and forget it 's there . No problem . But ... the sound for the person listening to you is truly awful . In a quiet environment , it 's passable . In a moving car , you 're nearly unintelligible . There is no noise cancellation , only gating . It 's even worse if the other person is on a poor headset , too . For my wife and I both using these , our conversations to each other became a litanty of repeated `` what 'd you say ? can you say that again ? I missed everything after the first word . '' Muffled sounding , no sibilants , often unintelligible , useless.I 'd about given up on bluetooth headsets , but decided to try one more . My past experience with wired Plantronics ones was excellent , so I tried the Plantronics Voyager 510 . A totally different experience -- the Plantronics sounds excellent , for me and the people that are listening to me , even in a moving car with the windows open . We bought two of those here -LRB- for the about the same price as the this one -RRB- and are delighted with them .
 My old cell phone was no longer able to ring , so it was time to upgrade to a new phone . I decided to get a Bluetooth-capable phone so that I could use a headset without worring that the cord would get wrapped around something in my car . My first headset was the Motorola H500 . On the positive side , I found it to be very comfortable . It is lightweight and the clip does not pinch my ear . Indeed , there have been times when I was surprised to hear tones in my ear because I had forgotten that I was wearing the headset . Also , I think the design is very attractive.Unfortunately , I found the headset to be unusable in a car , which makes it useless for my needs . I believe this results from two design factors
 I want to mention up front that this was my first headset I shortly owned . Therefore , I really did n't have anything else to compare it too . The headset was used with a Treo 650 . Pro
 The headset is very comfortable and has a decent battery life . Getting it to work with my phone was easy and straight-forward . Putting the headset to use was impossible . I would have to hold the phone close to my headset to get it to work . The headset would lose connection or the signal would become very weak if I had kept the phone in my pants pocket.It really ca n't be considered `` hands free '' if I have to hold the phone next to the headset , right ? I might as well be holding it to my ear .
 I bought this for my husband and we have found out that while this bluetooth sounds fine on the wearer 's end of the phone conversation , those on the other end of the conversation are hampered by a SIGNIFICANT `` Buzz '' . It makes conversation difficult because of the constant distracting and annoying buzzing everytime it is in use . Disappointed in this product.Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset -LRB- Nickel -RRB-
 This product seems to flop around a lot when in use . It seems hard to use also , unless i just do n't know the magic secret of it 's use .
 It never can seem to find the phone . It will work fine one day , and then the next , you ca n't answer with it , and it does n't ring . And that 's if it even works at all .
 When I got this , the people I talked to said that my voice kept echoing . The only way to stop the echo was to turn down the volume until I could barely hear the other person ! I returned this promptly and got the Jabra BT-500 when I got my new cell phone and I am very happy with the Jabra .
 It was easy to connect to my Iphone but the quality and ability to hear well or for the other party to hear well was disappointing . I think its the I phone not the ear piece but to me bluetooth connection should be ok even with an Iphone
 Nice design , easy to use . However , unless I was holding the phone by my head within 1 foot of the headset , the sound was terrible , and all broken up , which was pretty useless . I had to return it .
 I was very excited to have the hands free , but people keep complaining that they ca n't hear/understand me . It is very frustrating . It feels loose on my ear like it might come off , but it does n't . I guess I got too excited reading the rave reviews saying how crystal clear the sound was . The hands free in my car is better . It just did n't back up the hype.Otherwise , it works , it is pretty easy to use & very easy to set up .
 I was very happy with the appearance and size of the headset - but very unhappy with the performance . When using it , it never feels like it is secure . It just hangs off the ear , and everytime I 'd turn my head to the side or bend down to pick something up , I felt like it would fall off . The sound quality was just okay on my end of the phone -LRB- I have a Verizon LG VX8600 -RRB- . But everyone I called said that they heard their voices echo and the sound was muffled . In fact , one of my friends refused to even speak to me when I was using it - the sound was that bad on his end . Several times I had to turn it off in the middle of business calls because they could n't make out what I was saying . It ended up to be pretty useless . I exchanged it for a Plantronics Voyager 510 - it is a little bigger but I 've been told that the sound quality is 100 % better on their end and it 's also better on my end.Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint Technology -LSB- Retail Packaged -RSB-
 I purchased this bluetooth headset after researching numerous options . When I opened the package , I was very pleased with the quality , size and overall appereance of this headset . When I tried it on , I was very disapointed . It just hung off my ear , not even touching my cheek . What an awful feeling . It was such a let down . I tried to see if I could adjust it in any way so it would feel semi-secure , no luck . I returned it without even setting it up with my phone . I wish it had a bendable earpiece or something . I wanted it to work very much but the poor design fit was unworkable .
 I have a Blackberry T7105 - and i bought the Motorola H500 to use for work . It worked for maybe a week . The flimsey headset had poor signaling , horrible audio feed and often would drop calls on full charge . The next week , the earpiece literally fell apart.It was a waste of $ 40.00
 I purchased this headset because it uses the same mini-usb charger that is used with my Razr phone . Unfortunately , the speaker volume on the H500 leaves something to be desired . Also , the talk time for a single charge is closer to 2 hours than 8 hours .
 I bought this headset a couple of months ago , but I guess I was disappointed . It does n't really stay on your ear , people on the other end have a hard time hearing you , and most of the time you ca n't hear them because the volume does n't get loud enough . I would definitely go for the newer motorola model since I hear they are better . This one is OK only due to its low price , but it 's worth it to spend a little extra money and get one you 're actually going to use ! I barely use mine anymore so I guess it was a waste of money !!!
 The Motorola H500 Bluetooth is n't worth the package it came in ! The voice activation is very poor . The volume is very poor . The control buttons are very hard to use , and it 's uncomfortable . I would n't recomend the H500 to my worst enemy!Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset for all Bluetooth Enabled Phones - Nickel -LSB- Motorola Retail Packaging -RSB-
 On the second or third usage , I got static noise after 15-20 seconds into the call . This happened several times and also had problems pairing with my phone . I returned the product for a refund .
 It was a reasonable price , but the noise quality was not good . I heard a bunch of static expecially when it was windy.The ear clap was not tight enough . It always felt like it was going to fall off . I had to push the ear piece closer to my ear to hear people speak . People said I sound cloudy or far away . So I just send it back .
 Total piece of junk . It died in less than 2 months . I hardly used it . Plus I could barely hear the person on the phone if there was any noise in the room .
 Not half as good as te # 700 unit that I replaced Dont waste your money Get the higher priced unit
 I purchased this bluetooth for my Father In Law for fathers day to replace his old model . He thought it was fine but , when people called him they could hear an annoying buzzing in the background . He could n't hear the noise but others could barely hear him or understand what he was saying . I called Motorola support and they tried to trouble shoot but it still did n't work . They offered to replace it but apparently they did n't have that model -LRB- do n't know if it 's now discontinued -RRB- . They replaced it with a different model without telling me it would be refurbished . They new model was sent without a power cord for the charger . After another phone call I was sent the cord , now I have to send back the originial within 30 days or my credit card will be charged $ 60 . It seems like alot of work for a bluetooth but for now he seems happy .
 I ordered this product from Blue Harbour and asked if they shipped to Post Office Boxs . They assured me that they did . The idiots shipped by Fedex and I never received the order as it was returned to them by Fedex . To add insult to injury Blue Harbour charged me over $ 20.00 for the order being returned to them.So I ended up not receiving my order of two -LRB- 2 -RRB- head pieces but also being charged for one , plus the shipping .
 this charger did NOT work for my samsung A707 as advertised . as soon as i plugged it in ... it sent the cellphone in an endless boot cyle . would turn it off , then once it turned back on would turn it off again.BAD ! would not recommend . . spend extra couple dollars and buy an OEM manufacture 's charger .
 The idea of a sheer iPod protector is captivating , but keep a few things in mind before you toss away your cash . You basically have two choices for this type of ultra-sheer protector - the InvisibleShield or ShieldZone . Both require patience and advance reading : = All the stories of this protector being difficult to apply are true . The protector is a thin , ultra-tough plastic that binds to your iPod 's surface . First , you moisten your fingers , then peel it off and align it to the iPod 's surface until it 's completely covered . With larger sheets , positioning can take time and patience . When it 's dry , the surface cures for a day and almost seems to become a part of your player , making it impervious to scratches and dust . However , alignment is crucial , and doing it incorrectly means you 'll have to reapply a portion . = Your fingers must be moist while applying the shield , but the plastic must be dry . Once applied successfully , squeeze out as many small bubbles as possible , and allow it to cure for a few days . The small bubbles will disappear - but accidental fingerprints will not . = Wetness is the key . After initial failure , follow the instructions for reapplication . Follow the video instructions online meticulously before application . = The results , when correctly applied , give you a protective seal strong enough to stand up to abuse from hard , sharp objects like keys and worse . It has a smooth feel that may surpass that of a regular iPod.It 's important to reiterate
 DO N'T buy this overpriced piece of junk cellophane . I ca n't believe they sell this stuff . I was taken in by the advertising . First of all it is not crystal clear . Second , I had bubbles under it and could not get them out . I tried to carefully take it back off to maybe get the stubborn air bubbles out and I could not , then I got a finger print on the sticky side and it showed thru in addition to being bent out of shape when I tried to peel it off.Results , in the trash it went . Just buy the cheap covering . It works just as well and you can replace it often.Advice
 I have applied this product to a Creative Zen Vision M 30 Mp3 player and to a Sanyo cell phone.Extremely difficult to align when trying to apply to either Mp3 players , Cell phones and most likely to PDA 's . If you get even the tiniest bit of your fingerprint on the tacky side ... that 's it , it will show up and look terrible.In addition , if the most minescule bit of dust gets on the tacky side ... or alternatively on the item you try to apply it to , while you try to apply it , that 's it ... it will show up and look terrible.Very hard to get air bubbles out even using the supplied `` plastic squeegee `` Forget trying to re-position the Shield once it 's on ... it can be done , but stretches as you try to take it off ... . then it really looks TERRIBLE ! If you use the supplied little bottle of liquid as the instructions suggest , that makes it EVEN MORE IMPOSSIBLE to re-position or , get it off completly.The materiel does resist scratches better than anything on the market that I have tried , but unless you work with it in an absolutely `` DUST FREE '' area , use a `` tweezer not your fingers '' to hold it ... and do n't use the liquid they instruct you to use ... . you will just be wasting the money you paid for this OVERPRICED item .
 While I do n't doubt this product protects well , it is an absolute NIGHTMARE to apply . I tryed this product 3 different times thinking I would get it perfect this time and each time it was horrible to put on . I ca n't possibly recommend this to anyone.First , you have to get it WET to put it on . Is there anyone else who thinks there is something wrong with getting your electronics wet in order to protect it?Second , dust draws to this thing like a magnet -LRB- and I chose the most dust free place I could find . -RRB- Once the dust is under there , forget it , it really does look bad.You have to wait 24 hours to use your product after applying it . I imagine this is really to allow any liquid traped inside your gaget to dry . Not a pleasant thought.After 3 bad experiences , I am looking elsewhere .
 Applied this to my 60gb ipod w/video and it was a flawless application . It wore well for three years and I noticed that one of the tabs along the top was loose and would n't restick , so I tried to remove the invisibleshield exactly how they recommended in their FAQs . Well , I 'm screwed now because this ipod , which my husband gave me as a wedding present , has thick goo covering the front part and no amount of cleaning or scrubbing or using cleaners will remove it . I ca n't put a new cover over it and the screen is impossible to see . It 's very disheartening to lose something that had sentimental value like this . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I found this impossible to apply to my device . No matter what I tried -- and yes , I followed the instructions to the letter and even watched the instructional video on YouTube -- there were bubbles under the plastic . While the larger bubbles could be `` squeegeed '' out , the small bubbles could not . Having even one tiny bubble in the middle of your video screen makes for a lousy viewing or reading experience.This is a waste of money .
 Product looks as if it would work well . HOWEVER , I ran into problems during installation and needed replacement parts . They were quite helpful initially with email but when I had to phone customer service they would not help unless I had the original sales receipt . So I now have a partially installed shield on the front of my iPod , with one corner sticking up , and a back without installation fluid with which to instal it . I can be treated badly for free ; why should I pay for the priveledge ? I 'd probably give the product 5 stars if I could install it but feel generous with the 2 stars considering their customer service policy .
 I have applied this product to a Creative Zen Vision M 30 Mp3 player and to a Sanyo cell phone.Extremely difficult to align when trying to apply to either Mp3 players , Cell phones and most likely to PDA 's . If you get even the tiniest bit of your fingerprint on the tacky side ... that 's it , it will show up and look terrible.In addition , if the most minescule bit of dust gets on the tacky side ... or alternatively on the item you try to apply it to , while you try to apply it , that 's it ... it will show up and look terrible.Very hard to get air bubbles out even using the supplied `` plastic squeegee `` Forget trying to re-position the Shield once it 's on ... it can be done , but stretches as you try to take it off ... . then it really looks TERRIBLE ! If you use the supplied little bottle of liquid as the instructions suggest , that makes it EVEN MORE IMPOSSIBLE to re-position or , get it off completly.The materiel does resist scratches better than anything on the market that I have tried , but unless you work with it in an absolutely `` DUST FREE '' area , use a `` tweezer not your fingers '' to hold it ... and do n't use the liquid they instruct you to use ... . you will just be wasting the money you paid for this OVERPRICED item .
 The snap that holds the two halves together fell apart after one use . Case itself is nice but for a couple dollars more buy the scuba suit from bodyglove .
 I had to get this because my old batter for my dash lasted for only 12 hours . This one lasts for 18 hours . Better , but not as good as the OEM battery . You get what you pay for .
 Although this cover does fit , and does protect your LG 8300 , it pops loose very easy and I lost the top in a theater the first time I wore it in public , -LRB- it caught on the chair arm and went flying -RRB- , so if you need your phone secured , this is not the cover for you .
 This item must the the single worst holster I have ever purchased for any phone . Do n't buy this item . I purchased two in October 2007 . The first one broke within 1 day and the 2nd one lasted a week . The small tab at the top has a little tab on it . This little tab slides into a recessed area on the phone to hold the phone in . On both of the holsters I purchased , this little tab broke off . Very poor design and substandard manufacturing . Do n't waste your time or your money on this item .
 Not impressed . The `` flex '' arm broke on my first road trip . As it turns out , the `` flex '' arm is really just a piece of metal surrounded by a plastic sheath . This may work for you , but once you bend the arm into position , I recommend not ever bending it again , is this will weaken the metal , causing it to break -LRB- like mine -RRB- . For the price I expected much better . Just check ebay , these things sell for a fraction of the price there .
 This charger also does not fit the Nokia 6102 !!! Am in the process of returning it .
 it makes me lose the signal and drop all of my calls
 The ad gave me the impression , that I would be able to backup the data in my LG CU400.It does n't access the Contact and Message files in LG , but it does in the Samsung P735 . I do n't own a Samsung P735.As far as transfering the pictures and ringtones , I was already that with the Bluetooth network .
 I ordered this battery and a month later it still has never showed up . I tried to contact them and all I received from them is a computer generated generic response giving me the tracking number . Never could find a number to contact them . I finally went through Amazon and filed a claim and they refunded my money and told me there would be possible sanctions against eforcity . I would not recommend them
 Customer service was excellent , I received a refund . However , the item that you will receive will not be this item . There is a labeling error from somewhere and you will get an ear bud . I tried ordering from three vendors and each time I received an item with a similar model number -LRB- HFLX-SAM225 -RRB- . Be ware .
 Low quality product . Broke after one and a half month of using it . If you are looking for holster , I would recommend to try something else .
 Loved the design of the product ! It was better than the clip that came with the phone . The problem was that it broke almost exatly one week after I got it . WHile I was walking home , I hear a clunking sound behind me and I turned to find my phone on the ground . It broke just while I was walking ! I was n't putting any stress on it at all ! I hope to find another one like it that lasts much longer !
 As best as I can tell the wires were too thin , and it could not handle any kind of bandwidth .
 I do a great deal of international travel for work and pleasure , so I was delighted with my carrier told me about the AirCard 875U , largely because it was Mac friendly.The hardware itself is very good
 As an existing ATT cellphone customer , I tried an ATT USB 881 modem AND an Option GT Max 3.6 card for my NJT train trips from Morristown NJ to Grand Central and for use in the building I work in near Grand Central . Of the two , the GT Max was slightly faster . But the ATT network was like an intermittent dial-up connection ; real slow , and lots of drops.Without closing the ATT account , I went and got a Verizon account with a 5750 card . It 's almost like a cable connection ; 10x as fast as the ATT network , and a good connection ALL THE WAY from Morristown to Grand Central , although signal strength varies . I 'm writing this in the tunnel as we approach Grand Central , and I still have 4 bars . The ATT network was long dead by this point in the trip.The Verizon connection also works fine in my suburban Morris County residence - the ATT network did n't work at all there . I 'm going to return all the ATT equipment and close that account before my 30 day trial runs out !
 This is pathetic - the only place I can get a connection is by going to the at@t store ... I lost out on the 30 day thing but will be getting a class action lawsuit against at@t for a terrible service ... This really is disgusting - I feel mugged.David SaundersHuntersville NC
 I have gone through 2 now . at first it works fine and it 's not very big , but then it will get real hot and then stop working either that or it will take forever to open a page .
 This card sucks ! I do n't get reception anywhere except at the At & T store . I can not cancel it . I am stuck with this worthless thing .
 This product is terrible . The volume is not loud enough to hear adequately , and the way it fits into your ear is uncomfortable . Do not buy this product , it is not worth the money .
 The noise-canceling mechanism is too aggressive to the point that the other side could barely hear me , and I have to speak louder-than-normal to be heard.It is very effective in canceling out background noises including sounds of large trucks passing-by 20 feet away , but at the expense of the speaker 's own voice getting de-amplified significantly , and often canceled out if it 's not loud enough.The boom has to be exactly in front of the speaker 's mouth , and that 's not convenient . The short boom is useless.I tested this multiple times , including calling my cellphone and recording it :1 -RRB- Speak directly to the phone or speakerphone
 Basically worthless . You can hear the caller very well , which was truly exciting , BUT have any of these folks with raves asked anyone if they can HEAR THEM ? I asked everyone for the first 2 hours . My work is recruiting and I am on the phone 24/7 . EVERYONE complained , usually without my asking because we deal with some of the same folks frequently . Two people asked me if I had food in my mouth , the tunnel-syndrome , just unable to hear , on and on and on . Other than that it is impossible to answer your phone and put the headpiece on at the same time . Very `` cumbersome '' was a true description . I have worn headsets since the late seventies B4 the everyday user did . If you buy this you will hear a loud sucking sound as your money leaves your pocket . It went back before the day was out . My boss put it on , took it off , the end .
 it does not work well with my phone . never again to buy this kind of thing over internet because of compatibility problems .
 start of update
 This is the 8th headset I have tried . Most of the ones I have purchased work very well with a cell phone , but not so good on a cordless phone . Same with this set ... Very comfortable to wear . I can hear those I call really well . Those that I call need to be able to hear me too ! The volume on this mic is better than most I have tried , but is still low . If you are talking to clients on the phone all day , this is important . I have a good Panasonic cordless phone and have yet to find a headset to use with it that has a strong volume . Still looking .
 Plantronics is known for making the best headsets but this model does not live up to that standard . The design is great but the clarity of voice -LRB- mic . -RRB- is low grade and the volume of voice sounds to your listener like you 're talking into the mic . from another room.The purpose of this feature is to reduce background noise but I find it to not be usable for regular conversation is a quiet environment .
 Note
 Bought 5 of these , and have modest expectations after reading other reviews . The product arrived in mismatched , dusty , old packaging - with different labels and branding . The product did look the same however.But , they were useless . The audio quality is awful , the microphone sounds worse than the stock Apple earbuds , and the boom for the mic -LRB- even the long one -RRB- is too short to be usable.Total waste of money - even at the ridiculous clearance price .
 This is terrible ! With a price of ... , you 'd think it includes the charger as well , but instead it tells you to use the charger that came with your phone . So it will work fine as a sync cradle -LRB- albeit an ... one -RRB- , but now I need to spend MORE money to be able to both charge and sync my phone at work and at home . Very disappointed ...
 While I love the phone I was dismayed at the false advertising of the `` features '' list and title of this product which led me to believe I could charge my phone with the product . Not true . What it really is is a sync cradle . You need to buy a separate charger -LRB- which they say in the ` editorial review ' comes with the phone - true enough - but I 've got that one at work ; this is for my home office -RRB- . They should CLEARLY state that it requires a separate AC charger -LRB- not provided -RRB- .
 Have the charger and the phone , and I hated it so much 00 it 's too big for my hards ! -- that I gave it away !
 If you desire a cheap phone , then this is it . Physical size is slightly larger than average . Feature navigation is easy . Clarity is good outside , deep inside especially under alot of heavy metal is bad and signal would drop , brick buildings are average but have to strain to hear . Cost more effective if bought on a yearly basis . Customer service is average . Easy enough to get started the first time you activate your phone . But if you have a `` Technical Problem '' like transferring minutes to another phone ... be wary ! They have the worst Tech support service I have ever encountered . At times I 'd wonder if they were `` Out-sourcing '' their tech support department to a Kindergarten Class . It is hilarious ! I thought they were doing a skit for the Comedy Central . Hopefully you do n't encounter this situation if you choose to go with Tracfone.If your need is just emergency , then I suggest another company with a better plan . Tracfone did away with 10 minute cards , so you have to buy 40 or 60 minutes and then renew again every 30 days . Overall rating ... . for about the same amount you 'd buy a tracfone and refill card , you can get a better service and more cost effective for your money with another company than Tracfone .
 Last year and even the beginning of this year I would have recommended tracfone to friends/family ... that was before the At & t 2 Go Phone , it has more features ; rings , text messaging , cheaper minutes , and free nights/weekends/holidays . The tracfone can no longer compete !
 Web service , poorly setup , had to call to do any updates/addons . Call in phone service , outsourced , very poor , but they stonewall like no other , right up there with Liberty Wireless.Phone service , intermittent!Refund policy , the Greatest of Stonewalling , non-existant ! Cost , starts at 50 cents a minute and doubles outside your area.Save your money and get a calling card or do without , just like you did years ago .
 I made 2 mistakes : # 1 Buying from Radio Shack . This company has the worst salespeople in the business and whatever is bought from them can allways be had elswhere at a better price . # 2 Bought tracfone . Tracphones -LRB- gsm versions -RRB- will likely NOT work inside your house . According to tracfone having to walk down the street to use your phone is acceptable -LRB- yeah right -RRB- . This company will tell lies only to call 1hr or 1 day later to hear a different lie . I dont care how cheap a service is why patronize this gross lack of service !
 Just believe all the bad things you read in the other reviews and assume all the good reviews are written by tracfone employees . The customer service , when you have problems -LRB- which is frequent -RRB- is a joke . It seems designed to get you to hang up and give up on the problem . There is no recourse with supervisors . And yes cheating the customer is the norm . I do n't see how this company survives , guess most people do n't read reviews -LRB- I did n't , my bad -RRB- . I wo n't waste any more time going into details , just read the other bad reviews .
 I HATE tracfone with GOOD REASON . They suck !!! Just today I tried to buy min and guess what ? They both double-charged my credit card AND I have no minutes ! Woohoo , they SUCK ! It 's so hard to understand their customer representatives , most live in South America -LRB- nice place , nice people , but THICK accents . How am I supposed to understand them ?? -RRB- . Avoid this company - I plan to leave them !!
 I recommended Tracfone 6 months ago to a cousin . Now I am ashamed . I recently used their obviously out sourced support team to try to change my number when I moved . So far I have been given 5 -LRB- FIVE -RRB- numbers -LRB- none work -RRB- and a lot of mis information . I was willing to accept roaming if nothing else worked . I have roaming on my phone now and I get a message saying the local carrier can not accept my call . 6 months ago at the same location everything worked fine.The only reason I gave them one star was there was nothing lower available . Conside my frustration . My phone does n't work at the location it once did , I 've spent hours on the phone , Tracfone support has given me 5 different numbers , and still have no service .
 Zero stars !!!! I have had my Tracfone for 2 weeks - have made numerous calls to their so-called Customer Service - have spent most of the time on hold - and still have `` No Service '' . I have not been able to send or receive any calls since I have had it . And beware - if you buy it and it does not work they will not refund your money - apparently in India they do not believe in standing behind their product . So now I have a totally worthless phone and am out the money I spent .
 I 've owned a Tracfone for 3 years . My old Tracfone quit working , so I purchased a new one . I 've been trying for 4 weeks to transfer my old phone number to my new Tracfone . It 's been a nightmare-after 4 weeks , 3 new sim cards , and countless calls to TracFone customer service reps , I 've accomplished nothing . My phone is still not activated , I still do n't have my old number transfered , and I 've wasted 7 hours speaking to customer reps. I do n't recommend TracFone .
 To anyone considering Tracfone , DO N'T ! They must be going bankrupt . I purchased three `` Plus3 '' Tracfone airtime cards from Amazon last August 2001 , when I tried to redeem one of the cards , it had been rendered `` Invalid '' by Tracfone . So , I called them , Tracfone informed me that they `` discontinued '' this card , along with several others , without any notice to purchasers . As a result , it was not possible to add the minutes I had PURCHASED to my phone , since Tracfone deactivated these cards ! Tracfone also refused to replace the cards -LRB- which they rendered worthless -RRB- , nor would they refund my money ; instead , they referred me to Amazon.com ... so now I 'm in limbo , waiting ... while my `` Prepaid Tracfone Airtime '' cards are worthless . I wo n't ever do business with Tracfone again .
 At first , I liked Tracfone , right up until they deactivated all of the `` Plus3 '' prepaid airtime cards I 'd purchased from Amazon by `` discontinuing '' this product . They purposefully made the cards unuseable , by removing the PIN numbers from their system.What this means is that purchasers of ANY prepaid Tracfone Airtime card product that Tracfone decides to `` discontinue '' will have bought worthless cards ! ... This is what happened to me , and to a friend who also purchased these `` prepaid '' airtime Tracfone cards.I will never do business with a company like Tracfone again ! ... I hope this does not happen to you .
 Where do I start ? Tracfone minutes are very expensive ! For 3 -LRB- maybe 4 -RRB- years we 've owned two Tracfones and only use in emergencies . You say Trcfone has no contract , well how wrong you are . You may not have a signed contract but you have an implied contract.We 've gathered 360 minutes of airtime on my wife 's phone and 163 minutes on my phone . I forgot to buy airtime on my phone and it languished in my portfolio . I wanted to redeem time in December but I got very sick with the flu and also the Holiday 's took center stage . Today , on 1/4/2004 I just now bought 30 minutes of airtime for my phone . I had to reactivate -LRB- you do that if you do n't buy each month -RRB- and after reactivating I noticed that instead of the 193 minutes of airtime I expected to see , I only had 30 minutes . Customer service advised me that I went too long without purchasing new airtime . The Rep. so proudly said , it says so on the box . I had to remind this person , do you remember I 've had the phone for years and my BOX is long gone!That my friends is your implied contract , you must always be purchasing airtime and if you fall short of their purchase arrangement you lose your minutes . In my case it cost $ 163 -LRB- 163 minutes of airtime -RRB- . If my wife lost hers it would be almost $ 400 . THe Service Rep. went to her floor manager -LRB- so she said -RRB- and the Tracfone Corporation did n't recognize that I was a long term customer and I will not give an inch . So I 'll GIVE THEM THEIR WALKING PAPERS . I 'll sell my wife 's phone -LRB- minutes included -RRB- , throw my little 30 minutes in the trash and go with a carrier that has cheaper minutes . It may cost more a month but I will be paying for value . I 'll also use this wonderful Internet to pass along my story . ALl they had to do was a small offer , a recognition of a long time customer and I would have stayed with them . Instead they take a hard line and offered no customer service . I 've been in business for twenty years and there are days I feel I am the only one that still says , `` the customer is right '' .
 If you never have a problem then life is good . Problem is that cell phones in general always have problems crop up - roaming being the biggest issue.Another problem is that the advertising for minute plans are often misleading to inaccurate . I imagine this helps them turn a profit because people get sick of trying to call them to get problems rectified.Do a Google search and you will see sites collecting customer complaints . I still recommend it , I still use it . But there are great big caveats .
 I 've owned a Tracfone for 3 years . My old Tracfone quit working , so I purchased a new one . I 've been trying for 4 weeks to transfer my old phone number to my new Tracfone . It 's been a nightmare-after 4 weeks , 3 new sim cards , and countless calls to TracFone customer service reps , I 've accomplished nothing . My phone is still not activated , I still do n't have my old number transfered , and I 've wasted 7 hours speaking to customer reps. I do n't recommend TracFone .
 I decided to purchase a tracfone after reading all the positive aspects . Little did I realize that getting a pre-paid cell phone service such as tracfone revealed some hidden secrets . Like many people these days everyone purchases almost anything online . Tracfone had it 's own website and purchasing some minutes was a convenient . The problem is that you can only do two -LRB- 2 -RRB- transactions on their website per month . If you needed to add more minutes you would have to purchase a card from a store that sells one a tracfone card ; and you could either redeem it thru their website or by calling the number on the back of the card . Also with tracfone you can not make any international long distance calls.The Nokia 5180i phone that was issued to me by tracfone happened to be a popular phone three years ago but now it 's out-of-style . The phone itself is very bulky and heavy and lacks features that are popular on today 's cell phones . It has text messaging but you can only type in 88 characters compared with today 's quality of 140 + . The phones that tracfone issues are old models - it 's brand new , but out of style.If you plan on making a lot of cell phone calls it is best to consider a monthly pay plan with companies like Verizon , T-Mobile , Att Wireless , etc. . It can save you money and some headaches from always having to buy minutes . Besides you can get a lot more minutes with a cell plan then from a pre-paid card .
 As others have put it , this `` case '' does have some limitations , among them being that it does n't provide any protection for the screen or buttons . Of course , on the plus side , it provides easier access to those items . One of the major annoyances , however , as pointed out in some other reviews , is that you ca n't place the phone in the sync cradle while the phone is in this case - and it is not an easy operation to remove the phone from the case . What is more troubling , however , is that only four days of -LRB- not very hard -RRB- use , the bottom part of the case , which is -LRB- of course -RRB- necessary to keep the phone in the case , has started to slip badly , and it appears that this will render the case unusable after a very short time .
 As mentioned in the previous two reviews - the phone is great , but the cases are flimsy . I just ordered a replacement , and it looks nothing like the photo . I like the `` pouch '' style , but what I got was an open-faced design . Makes the phone easy to use , but does n't provide any real protection .
 I copied another review ... the leather case I received is in now the case described in the picture ... it wastes my time to send this back . Not happy ... The picture and description do not match this item . The item you receive is pictured under ASIN B0005B20H . I 've written to customer service but so far no change . The item you receive is open-faced , there is no protection for the keypad or touch screen . I 'm sending mine back . I wanted the `` pouch '' leather case as shown in the picture .
 The picture and description do not match this item . The item you receive is pictured under ASIN B0005B20H . I 've written to customer service but so far no change . The item you receive is open-faced , there is no protection for the keypad or touch screen . I 'm sending mine back . I wanted the `` pouch '' leather case as shown in the picture .
 It did n't work ... It did n't work ... It did n't work ... It did n't work ... It did n't work ... There 's not much more to say other than that ... did n't work .
 Same as previous review , I bought this because the LG-branded battery in my CU500 was getting weak after a year of heavy use . This `` new '' battery lasts about HALF as long as the year-old LG battery . Also , this battery is thicker than the original , making a tight fit in my holster . I reluctantly gave this 2 stars just because it does work for a day , and it 's cheap .
 It was a mistake in buying this product . My old battery was not holding a charge and I liked the phone so I bought a &#34; NEW &#34; battery . The &#34; NEW &#34; battery was as bad as the old battery . Do n't waste your money .
 The battery was bought a few weeks ago , but it 's already acting like it 's at least a year old -LRB- barely holds a charge -RRB- , not brand new - as the seller contends .
 This battery came to me in a zip lock bag and shrink wrap !!! Will not hold charge 12 hrs . Did not cost much but shipping did !!!! Would not recommend !!!
 These batteries are worse than the ones they replaced . They constantly shut the phone completely off on a full charge . My last batteries do n't hold a charge long , but are still much better . Where can I find genuine LG batteries & NOT generic ?
 It 's thicker than the original LG battery , with much less capacity . I could n't measure the claim of 700mAh , but I believe it 's substantially less . The charge lasts only about a day , about 26hrs . That 's WITHOUT ANY talking whatsoever ; standby only . I ordered a total of three -LRB- 3 -RRB- , they 're all identical in lasting power , so it 's not a fluke , they 're all uniformly lousy .
 These batteries are garbage , do not by them . The batteries affected the sound of my phone , causing everything I heard include a high pitched static-y sound . I put in my old battery , and the sound went back to normal . In this case the low price indicates a substandard product .
 I ordered a bunch of these for my work crews and no one was impressed . They break easily and are not durable at all . Not recommended , unless you like disposable chargers !
 Shipped very fast and was cheap , but I only used it like two times and does n't work anymore , It just burned or I do n't know what the hell happened .
 I 'd have to say I was disappointed by this product in that it was listed as featuring 3 layers of protection , and I really only saw it as 2 , I really do n't think it 's fair to count the little added padding on the rubber layer as a third layer , I had thought that the case would have had some sort of screen protection , but much to my disappointment it did not . I think that it 's a great product in itself , but it 's no Otterbox , which is what I always went with before for protection for my phones . I went with the BoxWave case because it was cheaper than the Otterbox , but I should have known better and went with the Otterbox , I really do n't that I 'd recommend that anyone else buy a BoxWave case over an Otterbox one , and I do n't think I will ever again .
 it was good while it lasted , after 30 days or so , one day while trying to pull the cellphone out , it just snap and broke . it 's not a very strong material and it does n't protect the cellphone ` that ' much .
 I ordered it thinking it was a charger for my nokia 2600 . But they sent me a charger for Nokia 6681 : - / : - /
 This product is a bit clunky . The top snap is on the back side of the unit which makes it less than convenient to access . When the phone is removed from the holster , the flap just hangs sloppily . The fit was especially tight too . I have the original LG Chocolate -LRB- VX8500 -RRB- which is a little bigger than the later version , but it claims to be a fit for the original . The belt clip places the phone a bit farther from the hip than I care for too . It makes it hard to detect a call when on vibrate mode . The one good thing is that the screen is visible . That 's important when I 'm driving my motorcycle and I ca n't hear it or feel the vibration . -LRB- yes , I pull over to take the call , but I do n't miss any calls either -RRB- .
 The craftsmanship is great . Sturdy leather and snaps with a firm click clip . Clip must be pressed to remove , which seems like a hinderance , but is good so it does n't come unclipped by mistake.Unfortunately , the light buttons on the front of the phone are unresponsive when in the jacket . Also , you must unsnap the plastic cover to slide the phone open ! That 's a huge design flaw -LRB- unless I 'm not using it correctly , which I do n't think is the case -RRB- . With the jacket on , receiving calls is not a problem , but to access the menus and other functions that require the phone to be slid open , you must unsnap , then slide . Yuck !!!!
 This is clearly labeled as a Motorola V3 charger , and so it gets a maximum of 500ma , which is not enough to power an AT&T 8525 during a call . I am extremely displeased that Eforcity would deliberately mislabel an item like this .
 It 's not the product that 's bad but the hassel of putting it on the phone ! I did n't know that the entire original faceplate must be removed before this can be put on . You have to use a special screwdriver -LRB- a General Cell Phone Screwdriver T6 no. 666 -RRB- to install the housing , and no where in the product description does it mention that . Plus , the screwdriver should be INCLUDED in the purchase for what it costs ! It 's hard to find . I had to special order it !
 You will require a special tool -LRB- that costs from $ 5-10 -RRB- to open up your current casing and then replace it with this.You will also require special instructions on opening up the casing on the V300 . As I found out , it is not easy ! The V300 faceplate is actually embedded into the phone hardware.After all that , your service provider may not uphold any warranty/etc if you do in fact replace the faceplate.In fact , I found it too frustating/etc to bother with changing the faceplate . This is another expenditure not worth the hassle .
 i got this product because it was suppose to be a housing with everything include , it is actually a cover , something that you can buy in a different web site for no more than $ 4.00 . Got full housing with tool from ebay for $ 14.00 -LRB- the same amount of money that i waste here for a simple cover -RRB- , recomend do n't buy it .
 I 've had my otter box 2600 stored in the box since july , 2009 because i did n't need it until the start of my softball season . we played a game this past tuesday , and the o-ring popped right out . since then , i 've tried everything to put it back in place to no avail . Naturally , the whole purpose of the case , waterproof , is damaged , now that i ca n't keep the plastic face plate in place and water tight ! Worse product i 've ever spent money on ! i would actually rate it zero stars !
 Junk Do Not Recomend To Bulky , Lousy Quality ... !!!
 I purchase three of this product for my husbands cell phone . He is a contractor and needs a secure clip while working . The clip is heavy , big and bulky and because of this problem , the clip pulls away from the leather of the case and breaks off . My husband has already gone thru two of the three cases I purchased in less than a month . I do not recommend this product .
 I agree with the gentleman who had the comment on the poor battery performance . I had this phone about 10 days ago and I noticed this problem already . The camera has a poor quality as well . You can see strange shining from the high lighted part of the picture . The most serious problem would be the poor battery performance . I took a test on this cell phone since I got this cell phone new . It can only last about 3 days w/t any call or camera use , and the call time could only last less than a hour . After the a call , the phone will die very soon . which means you 'll have to get the travel charger wherever you go . Its battery life is even worse than my old NOkia cellphone . I 'm returning it .
 I have had 2 of these phones within in a 2 month period and I just went to the sprint store so that they can order me another . The phone is cute but it does n't hold a charge and even with good frequency it manages to still cut my calls.The speakerphone option SUCKS ! you ca n't hear anything and it always sounds like theres a fuzzy echo in the back ground and it 's also like that when I 'm using the handset . They should have left it without a camera it would at least been 1 less thing for people who own this phone to complain about . Other phones have the option of zooming in , the kind of flash that the phone has and the sounds it makes when you take the picture , Well no none of that and on top of that the pictures are terrible in good lighting or not in good lighting , The color always looks weird . Also you ca n't assign ringers to everyone that is in your phone book it 's one ringtone for everything and everyone . I love the phone cause it 's cute but I ca n't stand the phone because it does n't do none of the things that all my other phones use to do . It has a radio but there 's a special kind of headset that you use and that 's all good and well but it 's pointless when you ca n't enjoy what you bought it for in the first place.Also the web option is extremely slow and when you log off the internet you have to shut your phone off and turn it back on so that you can make a phone call cause other wise you wo n't be able to until like a 5 minute or so wait , Why ? I do n't know . DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE YOU WILL BE EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED , LOOKS ARE DECEIVING !!!!!!
 I bought this phone for speakerphone and it was free -LRB- in 2004 -RRB- . The quality of speakerphone is satisfactory -LRB- definately better than sanyo -RRB- The battery life is very very low . It may be about one call of 40 minutes . It also does n't give few minutes before one can notice that battery is draining because it draines within 5-8 mins once you notice 4 bars -LRB- max is 5 bars -RRB- Camera is totaly worthless as it has very blurry/grainy picture.The phone also works very slowly.In case if it 's on eg . if you hit menu button by mistake it will stay on untill you exit after hours . There is no settings that can change this property and it ultimately drains batery even more quickly . And the same thing is bothersome as if you turn the alarm on but the phone turns on then the alarm will not work !!!!!! In short I would never buy a NOKIA again .
 I had this phone for about three months and i hated it . first of all the camera was HORRIBLE . this is the worst camera phone i have ever had . the vision was also very slow and often quit on me . the battery was also HORRIBLE . i got about 3/5 of a day without charging it . the reception was the only good thing . i never had a droped call . but overall i would not advise this phone to anyone in any age group .
 I had an AT&T NEC 525 and decided to pay $ 175 to switch to Sprint . I called and asked how much a camera phone with speaker cost and she said to get a Sanyo PM-8200 it is there beast phone , and it costs $ 130 , i said i did ` nt want to spend over $ 100 and she said to get the Nokia PM-6225 for $ 70 , but it is not a flip phone , and i said i okay . When i got it at 10:00 A.M I charged it , at about 10:15 A.M. and left it alone until i had to go somewhere at about 3:45 PM 5 hours and it said full battery . About 45 Minutes , 10 Min . of Vision , 25 Min on Phone after I left the battery was almost gone and about 10 Min , with locked keys the phone was dead . 1 Day after I went to visit my dad and the day after that I was tired of the horrible phone and went to the Sprint Store . When I got there I was happy because they had the Sanyo PM-8200 for $ 100 . When after a 15 Minute wait I got up to see a represenitive he said since it was a telesales order I had to return it over telesales . Then I was mad and he asked his manager and he let me do it . Then he tried to chare me $ 70 for an $ 30 difference , so then his manager had to fix what he did . i wish the lady would have told me about the promotion then I would not have had the problem .
 I had to downgrade my phone recently , as I needed some cash and my Treo was more of a luxury than a necessity . So , I sold my Treo and bought the Nokia 6225 . I should n't have done that . Even with whatever deals I got and the pocket cash I wound up with after the fact , this has got to be the worst phone I have owned.First off , the built-in camera stinks . Now , I understand some people will say that it 's a VGA camera , and it 's not meant to make prints . I do n't mean that . I mean that compared to other VGA cameras on phones , this one stinks . It 's constantly blurry and grainy , even in the best of lighting , with noticeable discoloration and aberration in lowered lighting . I 've played with other cameraphones , and none of them had picture quality this bad . Even the Sony Ericcson T610 , with a smaller picture file had better results.And then , let 's not forget how Sprint disabled the ability to beam the pictures to other devices , which mean you have to use their PictureMail service as the only way to keep the pics . Too bad you have to pay up to $ $ $ a month for the service ! It 's a good thing the picture quality stinks , as I probably would n't even want to keep the pictures anyway , thus saving me money.The reception on this phone is decent , however , and I can receive calls even in my office . My Treo 's reception , however , was much better . The speaker on this phone , though , is n't very good , and I sometimes have trouble hearing the person on the other line unless I have it pressed up against my ear a certain way.And then , battery life stinks , too . After a 30 minute call and checking football scores a few times , my phone is down to only two bars , and if I take another five minute call , I need to worry if my phone will die on me . Terrible.The only positive thing about this phone is that it 's small and light , so it 's easy to pocket.You get what you pay for , and this phone shows it . Spend some money and buy a better phone -- you 'll be glad .
 Sprint is great , but this phone is not . I bought it for my wife since it matched the UI on her old ATT nokia . She HATES this phone for three reasons :1 . My wife needs to charge it every night , whether she has used it or not . Sprint says this is normal because it has a small battery .2 . The buttons are impossible to use when you are driving since they flow together .3 . When you go to unlock the phone the screen does n't light upIf Nokia came out with a battery that lasted twice as long - even if the phone ended up bigger - we could deal with it . As it is I have been directed by `` she who must be obeyed '' to get her the new Treo when it ships , or any other sprint phone except this piece of junk .
 The phone battery drains very quickly , the problem may be is with the Sprint service and not with the phone , cause I used the same phone with a GSM service and the battery lasted for approx 3-5 days and now the abttery lasts barely for a day -LRB- with a talk time of 15-30 mins -RRB- .
 I was going to buy one of these but then realised there is no WiFi support which is crazy since the LifeDrive from Palm has WiFi.My guess is that they have decided not to put WiFi in to please cellular operators . I 've watched others with Windows CE WiFi phones place free Skype calls over WiFi . I wanted the same facility.Without WiFi you are locked to the operator for expensive and slow data transfer , and massively high data roaming rates.I 'm so sick of waiting for Palm to release a combined PDA + phone that can access the Internet via WiFi -LRB- or WiMax later -RRB- that I am now considering going against my principles and buying a Windows CE based phone.And going by the other reviews of the 650 it seems Palm have not fixed the problem I have with my current Palm phone + PDA -LRB- Tungsten W -RRB- the SIM card is held by a trap door which is a terrible design . It means you are plagued with dropped calls or the device being disconnected because the SIM has lost contact.Update - > Yes you can buy a WiFi adaptor but the cheapest is $ 150USD . And yes I was right they disabled the WiFi to please operators -LRB- just Google for the issue -RRB- . I do not like being forced into `` walled gardens '' by operators and reject a product that is helping them .
 I 've owned the Treo 650 for a better part of two years . The first six months was nothing but a struggle as the poorly designed PalmOS crashed repeatedly and `` hard . '' As a person who has owned a Palm III and Palm V and loved both , it looks to me that the PalmOS is on its last legs , and is showing its age . Multitasking is n't available , and little things like receiving a text message while on the phone confuse the thing.It tries to be a PDA , it tries to be a phone . It excels at neither.This will be my last PalmOS device . There are better designs and more modern software out there on other platforms.Jeff Hawkins ' `` Zen of Palm '' is truly RIP with this device .
 I purchased the Treo 650 in March . Several weeks after I had it it began freezing up . I received a replacement phone , it ended up doing the same thing . I received a third replacement phone , same problem . Avoid this phone and along with it the headaches .
 I bought this phone 5 months ago , and fell in love with the functionality . I 've used a blackberry , a SE P900 , SE P910a , you name it . This device is excellent.BUT it has a fatal flaw . It 's absolutely not stable -LRB- think Windows 95 -RRB- . It crashes constantly , it will randomly freeze . -LSB- ... -RSB- How about having a device that DOES N'T cash.I know lots of people have bought this phone , and some are happy with it . For me , I gave up with the phone and it 's now being sold on eBay to make room for a different phone .
 This phone is great when it works . My first phone worked for 4 months , the second for one month , the third for a day . Cingular blames Amazon , Amazon blames Cingular . Eventually , it will be out of warrantee , and I 'll be stuck . I would not buy a cell phone from Amazon or Cingular again .
 I have had seven -LRB- yes seven -RRB- Treos ; four Treo 600 's and three Treo 650 's . My mental health would no longer allow me to deal with these devices . Since 600 's are no longer available , this review will focus on the 650 's .1 -RRB- I upgraded to the 650 in the hopes that problems would be solved . If anything , they got worse . First of all , it is darn near impossible to convert data from the 600 to the 650 without crashing the phone . It took 9 hours and 3 telephone calls to get it done . -LRB- You have to ask for a level 2 tech and scream until you get one . -RRB- 2 -RRB- The phone is horrible . Can only hear while holding it to your ear and not well then . There is a 3rd party program that you can buy to increase volume , but it creates such an echo that the other party ca n't hear you . Earphone jacks never work . Out of all the Treos I had , only 1 had an earphone that worked . Bluetooth is no better ; I had 3 different Bluetooth devices and you ca n't hear out of them either . When I finally got smart and got another kind of phone , it was like a miracle ! I could hear ! The earphone worked ! The Bluetooth was crystal clear ! But on the Treo , you can forget any of that .3 -RRB- The phone crashes constantly , even while just sitting on the desk .4 -RRB- With each of the 3 Treo 650 's , tech support finally gave up and just told me to go get another one . I drew the line at getting number 4 in a 2 week period.Do yourself a favor and get a real phone . Do n't mess with the Treo . It 's a great device , but so poorly manufactured as to be useless .
 First of all I want to mention a few details that I think are important for any review of a Treo 650 . A lot of the problems seen in previous reviews may have already been fixed by new firmware , or they are caused by unstable 3rd party software or user error : - The Firmware Version - 1.31 the latest as of Oct 15 , 2005 - User -LRB- me -RRB- level - Expert . . I am a software programmer by trade . - This is a Cingular Treo 650 -LRB- big difference from a Verizon Treo 650 -RRB- - I have not installed ANY software on the phone . All default software , so I know that problems are not caused by 3rd party software.I tried out the phone for about a week and returned it today . Here 's why : - Reception is terrible - I tested this along a 100-mile stretch of the 101 & 405 highways in Southern California . My wife carpools with me and she has a Cingular Motorola V551 so we used to compare the signal strengths when placed side by side . The Treo 650 was ALWAYS 2 bars less . I would never get a signal in many places I used to earlier with my old Siemens S46 phone . Interestingly , the Cingular rep I spoke to when cancelling said this is a known problem with this phone !!! No wonder Palm is being sued . - Voice quality - Unacceptable . . Not only is there a lot of static , but the sound level is REALLY low . Its very hard to hear in the car when driving and I have a very quiet car . You have to get a software called VolumeCare to bump up the volume -LRB- thats $ 15 over an above a $ 400 + phone . . amazing -RRB- . And even then the voice becomes distorted . - Phone turning off randomly - Well it turns out that this is due to a defect in the little plastic tray that holds the SIM card . It causes the SIM card to loose contact with the phone connectors . This is a known problem on the web . Palm knows about this and will ship you a new SIM tray for free . . search for `` SIM tray defect Treo 650 '' on google . Altenatively , you can fashion a piece of padding to lift up the SIM card , using a piece of business card . Btw . . the Cingular rep at the store or Best Buy where I bought the phone had NO idea about this problem . - Software Crash in VersaMail . I just ca n't open that app . Apparently this is another known problem . . You have to get an app called FileZ to fix the corrupted files which does happen when you soft-reset the phone . FileZ did not fix this problem for me . - Palm OS sucks - Its very non-intuitive , there is no consistency in the UI . The lack of visual indicators is stunning . If you are a Windows user , this is a big step down . - Web Browsing Slow - I got the unlimited data plan from Cingular for $ 15 . Dont even think about browsing without an unlimited plan . At 1 cent/Kb , most web-page will cause you a buck each . Cingular 's EDGE network is widespread . I could n't find any places where I had a signal but no GPRS . But the throughput sucks . Its appears painfully slower than dial-up ... borderline unusable , but I probably would have stuck with it since it has such high-utility value in an emergency . The Blazer browser that ships with the Treo 650 appears to agressively discard cached pages , so you end up downloading the entire page again when you click the back button !!! Very frustrating . At $ 15 compared to Verizon 's $ 45 you really get what you pay for . - Instability on Versamail - Even before I installed ANY software on the phone , there was at least one day when the phone would keep hanging , especially when playing around with the HotSync settings . A hard reset fixed that . Other than the VersaMail issues I did n't see any crashes or hangs after that . - Lack of apps - Compared to a Windows Mobile PDA/Phone the software that same with this phone is seriously lacking or requires unnecessary extra conversion steps for Windows users.Here 's some other things I learned from this experience : - I was an AT&T ; customer and made the mistake of porting my number over to the new Cingular Nation plan . It was a BIG PAIN to port the number back to the original settings , but BEST BUY handled that for me . They were very helpful . . one of the managers in the wireless department spent about an hour on the phone with Cingular to reverse-port my number . - Best Buy folks seemed to know surprisingly a lot about the phone features , but when it came to questions on the problems I was seeing after I bought the phone , they had no clue -LRB- but neither did the Cingular store so I 'm not surprised -RRB- - The problems above seem to have something to do with Cingular 's version of the Treo 650 . I know 4 guys at the office , three own Treo 650 's from Verizon , and one owns a Treo 600 from Sprint . None of them have these problems . Funny thing is that they did n't know what a hard reset for the Treo was . - Dont buy a phone at a store on Saturday , because Cingular Customer support that deals with things like Web Browsing issues is closed on Sunday !!! Cingular did n't set up my phone correctly for web browsing and it was frustrating to have to wait till Monday to get that fixed . Cost me a trip back to Best Buy.After this fiasco I went to try out the SCH-i730 at a Verizon store . The sound quality was amazing and the browsing was FASSSTTT . But I did n't buy it was a couple of reasons : - no one could tell me if the phone would be eligible for a Windows Mobile 2005 update later this year - the price of the Unlimited data package at $ 45 is just too high.Overall I think PDA/phones are not ready for primetime . . I think I will wait for the Windows MObile 2005 phones to come out later this year . A WM2005 on the Verizon network will rock . The Treo with WM2005 on Verizon has already been announced .
 I got this phone from the Cingular store the day it came out . I love its concept however , I am really disappointed because the phone is so buggy and constantly soft resets itself randomly . I have yet to install any 3rd party software on it given that the OS is so unstable.Things I like : Camera despite other complaints I think is pretty good.Size and general appearance is very niceThe way the phone should work is a great featureProblems I am having : Voice mail speed dial randomly changes its number . You can not change the voice mail number so sometimes in gets into a freeze and will dial some international number or just 50 zeros in a row . When this happens there is no way to clear it or change the number . After waiting a couple of hours the voice mail number is back and it dials find . ?? Versa Mail program when entering it causes the palm to soft reset itself . This has happen for hours on end . I finally had to hard reset the entire phone and reinstall all the software to get the phone to allow me to enter versa mail.Phone randomly freezes for 10 seconds . ??? Dropped calls and sometimes when people call in on call waiting the phone will do a soft reset . In fact touching any key while on the phone sometimes causes a soft reset.Besides all this I am really annoyed because I paid 600 dollars out the door for this phone and a bluetooth headset . You would think for that price the OS would work . Especially since Cingular had the phone 3 months after Sprint and released theirs . On a somewhat simple OS like palm these types of bugs should have been worked out.I am going to keep the phone hoping that a firmware update soon will solve the problem but I am disappointed because this problems should have been caught and fixed during the beta testing since I am finding all these problems and all I am using is the preinstalled software that came with the phone .
 I tried Treo with Cingular but it kept on dying on me . When i went back to the salesperson he saw the same thing happening . How strange is that?Finally I gave it up . It does have some cool features . My fave is that I can have a directory with picture-enabled interface . I can also download some games which makes it cool too.But the fact that it dies on me all the time -- then it wasnt worth it . I dont think so . When its dead , what 's the use ?
 I got my Treo 650 at SprintPCS . `` The phone will be working in 2 hours '' they said . When i saw it was a Palm , I thought I 'd be able to use the pen to enter texts . Nope , you have to use the keyboard . Oh , and the camera is worthless , it 's only 0.3 Gb . I guess I should have read the specs before buying.I am a software engineer , I am not exactly technology-challenged . I was able to synchronize with the computer after 2 painful hours by NOT following the instructions of the manual.As far as internet access is concerned , it never worked . I talked to 5 different technicians , 10 customer representatives , and after 5 times being told
 My wife 's palm M515 no longer holds a charge and she lost her cell phone last week so I ordered Treo 650 from Amazon -LRB- 2 birds , one stone -RRB- . I did not realize it would take two weeks to get the phone until I checked the order status the next day . My wife could n't wait so I bought a Treo 650 from the corner cell phone store . I am waiting for my dream phone from palm , but was excited to try the Treo 650 . Especially since I am not the one who has to use it.The phone seemed to work pretty well . The speakerphone and phone book features were very spiffy . The phone was a good size for me . We were both very disappointed to find out there is no Graffiti functionality . We are both adverse to the Key Board because we are old-fashioned palm users.When my wife got the phone home she loaded the software and initiated a Hotsync . The phone began a continuous soft reset loop . We tried a hard reset as prescribed in the manual . We tried the contortionist reset described online -LRB- press the on button , the up arrow , and the Hotsync button of the USB Hotsync cable then hit the reset button with a stylus held in your teeth -RRB- ; My wife and I did have fun taking turns with the latter . The phone continued with its never-ending loop . We took the battery out to save power . I can confirm this phone has at least 180 minutes of continuous loop time with one charge.Cingular was no help ; they told us to call Palm . My wife and I took turns waiting on hold for almost 2 hours then we were disconnected ; it sounded like someone picked up the phone at palm and then hung up.My wife instructed me to return the phone and get her a regular cell phone . She wants a regular palm too.Here is my dream Palm phone :1 . No Qwerty Key Board ; Keep the phone the same size but make the screen bigger .2 . Voice Dial . My old Motorola V60 color has it . I record a name and then tell the phone to dial the name and it does .3 . GPS system build in . That would be cool . `` How do I get home from here , Palm ? `` 4 . 360 minutes of talk time . 150 is too little for this size of a phone .5 . More memory6 . Voice recognition for email and document creation . I want to dictate an email on my palm phone .7 . Transporter Service ; `` Beam me up Scotty '' . Oh well maybe next year .
 I read all the negative reviews and thought , `` how bad can it be ? '' Answer , worse then you can ever imagine . This is not a PDA phone , its a PDA . The phone simply doesnt work , so dont waist your time trying . It gets NO reception anywhere , drops calls when it does get reception , and has horrible sound quality . The speaker phone is great , if you have superhuman hearing abilities and you dont mind if the person on the other ca n't hear you.If you plan on getting a Treo get ready for a whole lot of `` ha '' , `` what did you say , '' `` sorry , I cant hear you '' let me call you back on a land line.I make and recieve 125 + calls a day , take it from me , it doesnt work . Oh , and dont bother calling treo , worst customer support in the world.Oh , and for those of you who say I just got a bad phone , try again - I purchased my first 650 10 months ago and I am on MY FOURTH REPLACEMENT PHONE !!! They are all worthless . You would be better off with two cans and a string .
 I have owned this phone for about four months now . The signal quality is poor . I have to strain to hear . The calls drop out regularly . Often after a couple of rings the phone stops ringing . I am quite seriously unhappy with this phone . Now here is the really awful part , there is no easy way to dial someone from the contact list . No easy way to scroll and dial . The dial button is often not available on the contacts . Basically the Palm part is not integrated with the phone , they are two separate devices .
 I have a Treo 650 . I just bought a new laptop that came with Vista 64bit . Little did I know that NO PalmOne product is compatible with Vista 64bit and they -LRB- by the words of one of their customer reps today -RRB- are not working on a fix . Now I 'm going to have to buy a new phone if I want to be able to sync . More and more new systems are shipping with Vista 64bit and many people are caught unaware of this fact . Please know if you buy this phone , it will not work with Vista 64bit as of the date of this review .
 I 've had this phone for a little over a year . Never got the promised rebate . It died . ATT refuses to fix it . Only solution is to buy a new one . Yeah right ! It is a pitty but ALL US cell phone companies are the pond scum of American business . I 've had a cell phone form the start of the technonlgy ,1984 , and ha ve had several carriers . All dishonest .
 I do not review things , and I have an extremely high level of tolerance for product functioning . Nevertheless , I am so fed up with my palmOne Treo 650 -LRB- which I have owned for a year -RRB- , that I have called Verizon today , complained to Palm , joined a class action , and reactiviated my several year-old flip phone that has water damage . Yes - my water damaged , cheap LG phone functions better than my palm treo.In the past several days , my phone has reset itself no less than 2-3 times an hour for no apparent reason . I have received no text messages or phone calls - either they cause my phone to freeze and reset or they just never reach my phone . Want to use your phone to check you email ? Great ! Too bad after a short while your phone 's wireless sync will shut down and you will no longer get your email -LRB- and can not figure out why -RRB- . Want to use your phone as a PDA ? Even better ! Too bad that your hot sync will meltdown and have countless error logs and never sync your data correctly -LRB- if at all , ever -RRB- . How about just making phone calls ? Well , if they ever reach your phone , the sound quality will be so poor , you will not be able to hear them when the volume is cranked up and others will complain you are `` mumbling . '' And forget about adding any sort of second-party software -LRB- which includes managing ring tones , voice dialing , or games -RRB- . The bottom line is that this was an overpriced , non-working device . There is a reason that there is a class action out there . Just google `` palm treo sucks '' and you will see what I mean.I want to reiterate that it really takes a lot for me to get worked up about something to actually seek out opportunities to lampoon the product . This is one of those rare exceptions . Save your money until the technology catches up with our desires . A phone is a phone - simplist technology is best !
 I was a happy Cingular customer with a nice Sony Ericsson smart phone . No problems at all with network coverage , phone performance , or anything else.The I got this Treo 650 . What a mistake . I now have a two-year contract for a phone that works only intermittently . On days when it decides to work , the reception is poor compared to my old phone . On other days , I must reboot several times to get it to sustain any kind of ability to receive calls .
 I love my treo 650 but am highly disappointed with it . when the phone is not in use it automatically cuts itself off , when a call is coming in it will turn itself back on but not in enough time to catch the call , it 's a big headache working in the field as a technician . I 'm hoping there is something else offered by cingular as a solution but at the same time I 'm considering just going back to the raz . It 's not worth the headache !
 You can read elsewhere about how cool this little device is , and I concur with everything they 've said ; it 's cool . You can take pictures , record your voice , talk on a mobile phone , keep your schedule , etc. . . and all in beautiful 320x320x65K resolution.HOWEVER . Be aware that if it breaks , you 'll have a hell of a time trying to get it fixed . Mine quit syncing ; I swapped USB ports , reset the device , uninstalled and reinstalled Palm Desktop , etc. , etc. . What you 'll find is that when you call palmOne , they tell you to call Cingular . When you call Cingular , guess what ? You guessed it
 I 've had this phone for 10 days and I am returning it . I ca n't seem to hear well on this . Cingular has n't dropped any of my calls -LRB- as promised by the adverts -RRB- but it does tend to fade at times where I 'm asking the other person , `` Huh ?? What did you say ?? '' I had a T-Mobile Blackberry 7100t phone and that phone is a ROCKSTAR compare to this Treo . Even my bluetooth headset does n't work well on it . I had to stop using the earpiece and put the phone to my ear , which I think is VERY , VERY uncomfortable . The QWERTY keyboard is too small for my fingers and I 'm always mispelling words because my finger will the next key . Unfortunately , T-Mobile does n't work well at my new apartment so that 's why I had to disconnect.I give it a 2-star for the sleek look and design though . It also syncs up my Address Book and iCal to my Mac . Looks like I 'm going to Verizon Wireless now !
 The Treo 650 is the flagship product from Palmone . My review is based on a 14 day experience with this Treo.The 650 works fine as a Palm PDA but more like entry level Zire PDA 's . However one can have a better PDA experience even with mid priced PDA 's like Tungsten E . The file system issues are so serious with this that Palmone is offering free SD cards -LRB- although not the right solution -RRB- , http://web.palmone.com/support/sd.jhtmlThe phone side of 650 is very disappointing given the amount of time Handsrping/Palm/Palmone have been working on the Treo series . The phone part is simply not yet ready for use as an everyday cell phone . Lots of calls get dropped even in perfect signal areas -LRB- other cell phones do n't have this trouble in same areas -RRB- . The battery life is nothing stellar if you use it for long calls . The reception is below average and so is the sound quality . The volume even at its max is not loud enough for most people , forget about using this in noisy streets of NYC etc.People on the other end also had troubles with the Treo , many complained that my voice was too low on their side . Also a friend thought I had hung up on her , when it was my Treo that got disconnected without any warning.The other gadget features like camera , mp3 playback etc are all secondary to me . If a phone does n't work as a phone reliably then its no good . Constant soft resets and reboots are not my expectation from a cell phone . So I am back to my T | E + T616 combo and the Treo is back with the retailer.I feel that Palmone put all their eggs in one Treo basket and failed . They have n't made any new PDA 's -LRB- apparently they are focusing their energies on Treo line -RRB- and neither have they created a working smartphone . If I were a Palmone or Palmsource shareholder I had dump them asap.Ofcourse Treo fanboys -LRB- and fangirls ? -RRB- wo n't like my review but truth is that this device is too expensive for it does -LRB- or claims to do -RRB- . Imagine dropping a $ 600 device on the pavement -LRB- like it happens with most cell phones -RRB- and ending up with a paperweight ? Nothing will loose money faster than this overpriced `` smartphone '' , it costs almost as much as new entry level laptops!Palm OS lovers would be better served by choosing a reliable cell phone and a bluetooth enabled Palm PDA to hook them up . Atleast you will be able to make your phone calls !
 The good thing about the Treo 650 is that it does so much . The bad thing is that it functions as a phone rather poorly and the help with problems of which there are many is also poor whether from palm or cingular . Some of the many problems for which there is no `` help '' include ; The phone function will turn itself off if it is jarred ever so slightly and if it is on silent mode you will not know your phone is off.It locks up frequently so that you have to open the battery cover and hit the reset button then wait for it to reload , then turn the cell phone function back on and wait for it to find a signal.It frequently turns itself off after hitting the send button when trying to dial a call.Once a week , the screen does n't turn on , again having to resort to the reset button.So before you buy one consider a couple times a week going through all this to make a simple phone call . It is almost comic to watch.Also the internet is too slow to be practically useful.The product should have had these issues already worked out prior to bringing it to market . Any other product in other than the computer business would never be considered acceptable for sale in such a poor stage of development . The Treo 650 pales in comparison to all previous basic cell phones I have owned when it comes to the reliability of making or receiving a call .
 All the extra PDA features this phone provides are nice . The only problem is that it is not a phone.A phone will ring when someone calls you , not reboot.A phone will not go into voice mail immediately and not notify the user.You do n't have to place a phone on speakerphone in order to hear what the other person is saying.When making a call , a cellphone will not crash 50 % of the time.For some reason the reciever on this phone will decide when it does or does n't actually want to work.Who cares whether or not your phone can play movies , if it ca n't even make a proper call . Palm promised a patch to fix all these issues , which took them 6 monthes , and still there is no change . This will be the last Palm product I buy . The cost alone is the only reason I have n't taken a hammer to it .
 I do not recommend this device to anyone looking for a reliable phone . As a PDA , it 's fine . As a phone , it is the worst I 've ever experienced ... except when in Europe where for some unexplained reason , the phone works flawlessly . In the US , it 's useless.The voice quality is terrible . Speaker phone is useless . Calls cut out and drop CONSTANTLY . No one can hear you.Cingular 's customer service is hopeless . No one knows anything and no one including supervisors can not make decisions on how to rectify problems with this phone.After spending countless hours on the phone with Cingular pleading to them to replace my phone , they finally did . They sent me another TREO that was R-E-F-U-R-B-I-S-H-E-D and worse than the original TREO I had.After a second phone I gave up !!!! I came so close to smashing this phone against a wall ! After pleading with Cingular they finally agreed to send me an HP iPAQ 6515 -LRB- NEW -RRB- which I absolutely love.Cingular will not admit problems with this phone . Save yourself a lot of time and aggravation ... do n't buy a Treo 650 . Get yourself an iPAQ 6515 which comes with the added bonus of a GPS built in . Navigation system is great and the phone actually works !
 The Treo 650 is useful as a PDA , but as a phone the sound is terrible . People on the other end of the line are constantly being asked by me to repeat themselves . I use it with Verizon service , and I know it is not the service because my other smaller regular phone works well , and previous phones with the same number worked well . Buy yourself a separate PDA and phone , because Palm has not perfected this one . The phone sound is a garbled mess . I sync the PDA with Outlook and constantly run into duplication problems because I sync it with 3 different computers .
 The SERVICE : Buy this phone through anybody BUT cingular . I have been a long time AT&T ; user with nothing but appreciation for the network and service . When Cingular took over , it went to h3ll in a handbasket inside of 2 months . I am NOT eggagerating whenI say 1/2 calls gets dropped . Their service people are about as careless as any could be . When I visit any of the 3 local dealers , i feel as though i am interupting a snobby click of high school kids . Customers seems to be barely tollerated but rarely appreciiated by mangementand staff alike.The PHONE : Phone is great , it does everything from serve as a moble outlook , mp3 player , phone , speakerphone , camera , etc. . The interface reflects the years of development and perfectionist views of the palm development team . You cant really go wrong with such a universal and expandible device .
 Got my new Treo delivered yesterday . Figured I had all weekend to get it set up and working just the way I want . Spent a couple hours learning how to use it last night . This morning I went to setup the Versamail application to access company email . Deleted one of the email accounts I created in account setup . The system reset itself and has been caught in an endless loop of booting up , displaying the Palm Logo , then resetting itself ever since . No way to get out of it . Even tried removing the battery , but when I plug back in it picks up right where it left off . Boot up , logo , reset . Boot up , logo , reset.By the way ... good luck with Cingular 's customer service . I spent over 4 hours on the phone -LRB- most of it on hold -RRB- trying to find out how to get this fixed , and spoke with 6 different people before finding one who provided anything resembling customer service -LRB- thanks , Michael -RRB- . Nice phone , but either the hardware or the software still has some major bugs or quality control problems . At this price one expects something that works a bit more than 12 hours .
 I am a computer guy and figured I could deal with some of these problems , but this product is totally untested and the companies distributing it have no idea what they are doing . They will keep replacing the phone a few times at tremendous cost to themselves , yet wo n't fix it . This is my 3rd Treo and it still does n't work . After the latest firmware update , things are much better except the SIM card now keeps turning the phone off .
 The Treo 650 is a great connected PDA , but it does not cut it as a phone.I have been using my Treo 650 with Cingular service for quite some time . When it comes to using it as a regular phone , it is the worst phone I have ever owned . The quality of the line , the number of dropped calls and the user interface are all significantly inferior to any other phone I have used.If all you care about are data services and / or PDA functionality , go for it . If , you mostly need a phone , go for another device .
 If you have a palmTreo 600 do NOT feel obligated to upgrade to a 650 . The 650 is an inferior product . I am coming from a palmTreo 600 with AT&T ; service -LRB- see my review of that product -RRB- to a palmTreo 650 with Cingular service.First , the phone . I originally gave the Treo 600 three stars . The PDA was great , but the reception was just o.k. I did not experience any of the dropped call problems or crashes , but maybe I got lucky with the unit I bought . The 650 in comparison constantly crashes and drops calls . However , the main reason I am giving the new Treo 650 only one star is because palm is cheating their customers for no reason . In designing the Treo 650 , palm has changed everything from the 600 . While change is ordinarily good , here the phone is pretty much the exact same -LRB- at least in function -RRB- . There are no new bells and whistles that require an upgrade from the 600 to the 650 . -LRB- I had to change phones because my AT&T ; plan ran out and Cingular would not let me use AT&T ; `` equipment '' - rip off !!! -RRB- What really bothers me about the Treo 650 is that nothing from the 600 is compatible with it . They changed the interlink port so that the battery charger , car charger and anything else that hooks up to the phone is different . Absolutely nothing between the 600 and the 650 is compatible . They even changed the dimensions of the 650 slightly ... just enough so that the expensive sleeve I bought for the 600 does not fit on the 650 . How ridiculous is that ??? What a waste . Palm shafted its returning customers with sand paper . I will never buy another palm product.As for Cingular , the poor performance of their customer services is only outdone by the quality of their phone services . How can they purchase all of the AT&T ; equipment and yet offer poorer service . Do not believe their adds , I never had so many dropped calls and poor reception as I have with Cingular . Further , the customer service people are useless in helping the consumer resolve problems . I was on the phone for 2 hours explaining that I did not need two family plans simultaneously that charged $ 89.99 and $ 49.99 per month . Duh ! Why was this so hard for them to comprehend . Part of the problem is that each phone has its own contract . So , even though you sign up for a family plan , your phone needs to be separately negotiated from your wives phone . What genius thought this system up . Anything to make life more difficult for the consumer .
 I ordered a palmone tres 650 pda from a seller on amazon.They confirmed my order and charged my card and the next day they send me an e-mail stating he ca n't do the transaction at this time . To me , thats simply very bad business . They always say , when it looks like a good deal something is wrong !! They were right . I will never again use Amazon.Thanks for the great experience.Xtremesynthetic.com
 Love/Hate this converged device . Great device for gadgeteers wanting googleMaps , bluetooth to GPS receiver , opera web browsing , and imap4 or pop3 -LRB- chatteremail -RRB- email client over global GSM network . Poor device for phone service , generally wedging on weekly basis , with recovery requiring soft reset/reboots . No bluetooth voice dialing with standard headset kits .
 Phone is a big disappointment . Call volume at its highest level can not be heard outside . Many of the features work at the lowest level , for example camera pictures are barely viewable.So as a phone , you can barely hear the call outside , as a camera you can not see the pictures very well . When you take the cover off of the back , you can not get it back on.Overall
 This is by far the worst technological product I have ever owned . You literally have to be professional hacker to get patches installed , software that fixes bugs , and spend hours to read over forum postings to attempt to resolve issues.If you have time -LRB- and lots of it -RRB- and enjoy hacking/modding this is the product for you . If you are like me and looking for a good reliable cell phone/pda device , do n't waste your time . There are many better products out there.This is the first and last PalmOne product I will ever own .
 I 'm taking mine back . I 'm absolutely fed up with people asking me to repeat things that I say . I applied the new patch of a couple of weeks ago , but it did n't make any difference . Also the camera is such a pain that I stopped using that too . It defaults to saving photos to the phone -LRB- not the sd card -RRB- and randomly reverts to that it seems -LRB- what a pain -RRB- .
 Very limited hours for Customer Service and Warranty Department . I 've spent at least 3 hours with them on the phone since I go the phone . Spent 45 minutes today without getting much help -LRB- just transfered from one deparment to another . -RRB- Treo has software update problems . 1 out of 4 calls I make lands at a random phone number and when people try to contact me the same happens -LRB- they sometimes get me but sometimes they dont ' -RRB- . Phone reception is not of high quality , there 's lots of static . They have a lot to improve on this phone and Cingular Warranty Department has a lot to learn about customer experience . Also please note the slighly sneaky way that Amazon represents the phone . They provide you the quote for the phone but they leave out the fact that you have to pay an EXTRA CHARGE PER MONTH FOR WEB SERVICES !!! Once Cingular has you under the 2 year contract they can treat you however they want since you 're locked in by the contract . Do yourself a favor and wait another year or two to buy a phone with similar features .
 Conceptually the phone and palm in one make sense . The secondary options are good . THE KEY THING IS THE PHONE RECEPTION IS LOUSY . . LOUSY ... LOUSY . It cuts out , makes background noises , does not provide services in the same are where my sons $ 19.99 cell phone does . IT ALSO HAS BRAIN CRAMPS ! Freezes up when it wants to.I have returned it threee times and received replacemetns that are no better . I have 5 or 6 friends who made the same mistake . Palm 600 or 650 are equally bad . Palm know they have produced a lousy product and dont give a darn . DO NOT BUY !!! DO NOT BUY !!! BURN YOUR MONEY FIRST
 In principle this phone is awsome . You 've seen all of the great reviews and features , and I agree that its a great phone when it 's working , but the problem is that it 's got a ton of bugs . This is the second phone I recieved from Amazon.com , the first one 's mic and speaker would n't work in phone mode , and the thing resets a random intervals when using the phone . This is awful if you 're recieving a call and the thing suddenly decides to reset its self . The other problem is no customer support from palm and complete idiots behind the phones at Cingular . No body in cingular or PalmOne has officially acknowledged that there is a serious problem with many of the phones even though the user forums are abuzz with stories of similar soft reset problems . In my case the phone still does n't work after replacing the sim card -LRB- with an Axalto 64k card -RRB- with one that should work and performing a complete software re-install with hard reset of the device . Even so , amazon.com is reluctant to send me another phone because I believe they 're afraid they 'll send another bad one and have to eat the shipping charges.My advice to the buyer is this , hold off for a little while and watch the palmOne website . Only when they finally acknowledge the problems and post a fix should you consider getting one of these phones . Sure you may get a good phone the first time around but is it worth the time wasted and $ 500 ? I would hold off ...
 I 've been a Palm fanatic since the original Palm -LRB- then a Palm III , then a Palm V , then a Handspring Edge -RRB- . When the Treo 300 came out , I got it with Sprint service . Loved the phone -LRB- still love the concept of these phones -RRB- , but hated the Sprint service . The flip cover of the 300 was -LRB- and still is -RRB- probably one of the best features for protecting the phone , as well as a more comfortable fit when talking on the phone.Along came the Treo 600 . Wow , I thought I was in heaven . With Cingular service it worked great for 7 months , then I had people ask me not to call them anymore because the phone buzzed and hummed and popped and crackled -- let me repeat that last bit
 I bought the Treo 650 from Cingular about a month ago and they replaced it three times and the third one still does n't work properly . - With the first phone , the phone would shut down for no apparent reason . Versamail was n't working correctly either . - With the second phone , phone quality was very bad . In fact , to make or receive any phone calls , I had to put the speakerphone on in order to hear the calls . - With the third phone , same problem as the second phone , but now I do n't seem to have service in a lot of areas , including my house -LRB- and I live in Manhattan -RRB- . Other than that , I loved the Treo for all its functionality . It 's kind of big for my taste too . I mean , you can put it by your belt in the office , but in late hours or in clubs , you would n't want to do that . I returned the 3rd phone . I just could n't take it anymore .
 I have been a loyal Palm OS supporter for more than six years , ever since my first Palmpilot Pro . I currently have a Treo 600 and I was looking forward to a higher resolution screen and better camera.Well , the screen is much nicer -LRB- in fact beautiful -RRB- and the camera works much better than the Treo 600 , but there 's a dirty little secret that PalmOne is trying hard to sweep under the rug . The new Treo 650 uses an unbelievably inefficient memory filesystem that expands Palm Database -LRB- . PDB -RRB- files from 30 % to 600 % !! My old Treo 600 had about 8MB of free space with all my applications and data , so I was using about 15MB of space , but when I tried to get all my data on the Treo 650 , I found that I would need over 34MB of memory to store it all in the new filesystem . The worst effected files are the data files , which usually * can not * be stored and used from an SD memory card , so PalmOne 's `` poo-poo , just use a memory card '' is almost laughable.If you can use a memory card , by the way , they * are * giving away 128MB SD cards for free to try to mollify their customers , but many applications can not run from an SD card , and very few can access data stored on a memory card.If you 're using more than about 8-12MB on your current palm or most of your usage is PDB files , then DO N'T BUY THE TREO 650 without taking this into account , or you 'll be sending yours back -LRB- at your expense -RRB- just like me.For reference , my contacts database went from 150KB to over 850KB and another database I use went from 400KB to 3.5 MB !!!! On the other hand , if you do n't need to store much data or use applications that can directly work with the SD card , then the Treo 650 is pretty sweet , although very pricey .
 I did n't sign up for a contract , so I paid 598.04 for a Treo 650 to work for like 2 days.Pros : Stylish , wide variety of Apps , excellent coverage -LRB- Cingular is the only reason this review got a star . T-Mobile just ca n't cut it -RRB- , Great organizational featuresCons : Crashing is the worst -LRB- without exaggeration , I crash after receiving voicemail , after coming back from standby , and also at random times , totaling about 25-30 restarts \ day , not counting hard resets -RRB- I have to keep my phone book in my SIM card because every time I hard reset , everything is lost . My e-mail has to be web based through G-Mail because of hard resets clearing away e-mails . When I try to use the web browser -LRB- which is the best browser when it actually works -RRB- , it either a -RRB- crashes , or b -RRB- locks up , making me take out the battery to reset it.I seriously though that when I 'd pay $ 600 for a phone , it would be a phone that stays on half the time and lets me do what it is advertised to do.I 'm currently in the Warranty exchange program , and even the new phones they send me are doing it . In fact , the 2nd phone I received is doing it the worst , and they 're shipping me a 3rd . I 'm going to switch out to a BB 7100g as soon as 3rd Treo comes in , because I 'm sure it 'll do the same thing .
 Obviously , some of the positive comments have been left by sales reps - do n't be fooled as I was - this phone is a disaster . I 've had it for 30 days and already these issues : Issues : Earpiece on phone does not work at all ... . Can only hear with headsetVoice does not work on headset at timesRinger no longer worksCannot place a call without powering down first ... . Calls go out , screen says dialing and then freezes - person on the other end of phone can hear me - I can not hear themThis all began happening over the past week - gradually and I just did not have time to bring the stupid thing back . Never dropped the phone , misused it , nothing.If you have the time to waste on problems and feel like gambling on this one - go for it ... . but there is a class action suit on the treo 600 & 650 for similar reasons . Palm messed up on these phone REAL BAD !
 The most expensive cell phone I have ever owned , and the worst cell phone I have ever owned . Yes , I know it is a PDA , but I had thought that of all the functions , the easiest to get right would be the tech piece that is the most mature.Reception is routinely poor , regardless of the number of `` bars '' indicated . The phone has to be reset frequently , usually does n't ring when there is an incoming call , often drops calls -LRB- again , even with a good signal -RRB- . I have no third party applications running , the latest firmware -LRB- had high hopes for the last version ; no improvement -RRB- and a new SIM tray with a ridge built in to ensure good contact . Still have the same problems.Lastly -LRB- and this is entirelly a matter of personal preference -RRB- , if you have great expectations for internet access , you might want to try it out first . Slow does n't begin to describe it , even for PDA friendly sites -LRB- Cingular 's included -RRB- . Although I really want to like the phone due to the fact that the potential is ideal for my business needs , it is becoming too problematic to deal with.One Note though
 First cell phone owned in about a decade , I purchased it based on my good experience with an old -LRB- non-cellphone -RRB- Palm Pilot . Combining PDA functionality with a phone seems like a natural fit.However my 650 has a fatal bug when an incoming call goes to voicemail
 I have been a Treo customer for two years now since the Treo 600 came out . Once you use a phone like this it 's very difficult to go back to a regular phone . That 's why when my Treo 600 broke every two months , I hung in there thinking it was a fluke . I replaced , repaired and even upgraded but each time the phone had similar hardware related problems which made me leave palmone forever . The fact that two of my colleagues with the same phone had similar problems finally clinched it for me . The main issues are :1 . The front speaker stops working , so you ca n't use this as a phone unless you use an earpiece or speaker phone .2 . Eventually earpieces stop working with this phone . I 've gone through three in the span of three months -LRB- different makes -RRB- .3 . The SD card can easily fall out as there 's no latch to hold it in place . I lost a 256MB SD card . Many times I 've found them in my pocket because they just fell out of the phone while it was in my pocket.I was shocked at how many times these problems occurred and to how many people that I know.I WILL NEVER BUY A TREO AGAIN . And I did n't make that decision lightly , because I am hooked on all of its wonderful features . A great web browser , the QWERTY keyboard for extra fast SMS , and a smartphone that does n't weigh a ton . Maybe in five years I 'll return once I regain the confidence that PalmOne cares about quality .
 I have had my 650 with Cingular service for about 4 months . It has been a mixed bag so far : The bad : - I noticed that the phone would turn off -LRB- not sleep , but the phone service would terminate -RRB- whenever I put the phone into a belt clip . After about a month , I figured out that the clip was contacting the cover of the sim card slot , causing it to jiggle or something , and making the phone turn off . I now have found that if I tap the phone with my fingernail , or lay it down on a hard service with even a minor impact , the phone turns off . This is an incredibly poor design . This should have been caught during testing . I work on other kinds of consumer products , and I am confident our testing would have caught this . - The vibrate mode is so weak they might as well not have it . - I get notified of missed calls , when the phone has been on , with me , and in an area with good reception . Why did n't the call come through?The good : - Worked well in India , the Netherlands , Russia . Calls and data came through fine .
 I was excited about the Treo 650 , all those features , great color screen , nice size , PDA with the phone . I do n't have to carry two different devices any more . I had a digital phone with Verizon before for 3 years . With Verizon I had 2 dropped calls in 3 years , excellent signal strength , and good voice quality.Then I switched to the Treo 650 on Cingular GSM , because I travel internationally and having GSM makes sense . I have now had this phone 2 months . As a PDA it 's great . As a phone it is like stepping back 100 years . I am sure that Alexander Graham Bell 's first attempt at talking over a wire had less dropped calls , better voice quality , actually worked most of the time ... Here are the issues that I am experiencing :1 . Dropped calls . Sometimes 3 times in the same conversation . I called Cingular about it , they said that GSM phones are complex and need to be turned off twice a week for a minute or two . I tried that , it seems to work . I now only have 3 dropped calls a day instead of 3 per conversation .2 . It has a call log showing incoming , missed and outgoing calls . Great feature . When you select the number you want and press the phone button , it dials that number . Yesterday I tried 23 times before it actually completed the dial and went through . It would start dialing , and then drop it before it rings . Sometimes immediately when you select the number , sometimes 2 or 3 seconds afterwards , but never before it rings on the other side . I then tried dialing the number manually , but got the same result . All this while I was having 4 bars of signal strength . Cingular says by resetting the phone twice a week this problem should go away . It did n't .3 . Voice quality is the worst I have experienced since the old farm lines from 60 years ago . -LRB- I was n't there , I just played with some old phones - voice quality was actually better -RRB- . If you have good signal strength , it 's not too bad . Every so often it would go `` cellular '' though where it garbles the speech so that no-one can hear . Sometimes it is every few words , sometimes it is continuous . Yesterday I had 3 people tell me to call them back on a land line so that they can hear me . I have never had so many instances where people had to ask me to repeat what I just said . It has gotten to the point where I make all my outgoing phone calls from a land line if I can . I might as well be holding a brick to my ear with this phone .4 . Every so often when I try to end a call , the phone will freeze . I ca n't disconnect the call , and no buttons work . The only way out is to remove the battery cover and use the stylus to reset the phone . Cingular tells me that resetting it twice a week should fix it . It did n't .5 . Every so often you will notice you have voicemail , but the phone never rang . Not too bad , only happens about 6 times a week with me .6 . Voicemails disappear . People call me and tell me they left a voicemail two days ago and why have n't I called back . I never got the voicemail . I called Cingular , spent 30 minutes on the phone with them . They found it had to do with a setting on their system . They changed it and I have n't had a problem with missing voicemail since .7 . I will talk to someone during a conversation , and suddenly they will say something like `` are you still there ? '' and then they go quiet . The phone shows that the call is still connected , but they ca n't hear me and I ca n't hear them . When I call them back , they told me that they were dropped , but my phone still showed the call as being connected . Only happens about twice a day . Then of course I try and call back , and problem number 2 rears it 's head ... 5 to 20 attempts later , I can talk to them again and apologize for dropping the call . Once while I was apologizing it dropped again ... . Sigh .8 . I am in the mortgage business , and come in touch with a lot of real estate agents . Many of them bought the Cingular Treo , because they can unlock the new Supra lockboxes with the Treo instead of having to carry a second device to do that . Every single one of them that I have spoken to about it have taken it back because of issues # 1to # 7 happening to them.On the positive side , Cingular is sending me a new phone since mine is still under warranty . My wife bought her Treo 650 on the same day as I did mine , and she has similar problems . She does not use the phone for business though and is slightly more tolerant of the issues she is experiencing as well .
 This smartphone would be great , if only it worked as advertised . I 'll detail my beefs here , but I should say first off that I know people who own the Sprint version of this phone -LRB- CDMA rather than GSM -RRB- , and they have many fewer of these problems . Plus Sprint data plans are WAY cheaper . If you have decent Sprint coverage in your area , and you 're sold on Treo , that may be the way to go . * LOW VOLUME . Outdoors , you will have trouble hearing , even at the highest setting . The speakerphone is not loud enough , either . * POOR SIGNAL AND CALL QUALITY . With anything fewer that three bars , you will have trouble
 I got a Cingular Treo 650 a couple weeks ago . The call quality is reminscent of the early 90s ... remember your Motorola brick phone ? Feedback , dropped calls , and now device-initiated soft resets.The call log does not track to contacts.No voice dial -LRB- pay extra -RRB- No voice memo -LRB- pay extra -RRB- No Palm service - Cingular only . I made 4 calls today and got - you guessed it - four different answers to the same question.This device is not ready for prime time .
 The T-mobile Sidkick 2 is ten times better . Comfy and easy.Pda screens or very easy to break . Push on that screen to hard and in a few months it 'll be ruined . It 's happened to me , anything that accidentally presses against the screen will srew it up.The sidekick has a flip cover that protects it and offers more .
 This phone does n't have enough memory so it ca n't do everything that it should . Unless you want to spend many hours managing memory , buying expansion cards , and learning what applications can work on expansion cards , wait another year for a better model .
 While this phone has a lot of features , the time , and learning curve that it requires to access and use the features is enormous . Just answering and making calls requires multiple steps and button presses . To sum up the learning process of the phone/PDA , Palm -LRB- in it 's owners manual -RRB- recommends that you learn about the device in the following steps
 This phone has too many issues and should not be on the market . It crashes , it often develops dead speaker syndrome -LRB- DSS -RRB- , meaning that you have to use a headset because the normal receiver speaker does n't work . Your other alternative is to use the speakerphone , which means you wo n't have any privacy on your phone conversations .
 The email does n't work . Especially ridiculous with Gmail . The device crashes a lot and resets . The people at Cingular do n't know how to fix it -LRB- although someone in the data support department admitted aloud that the 650 is NOT compatible with Gmail -- no one in the customer service or warranties department will admit it -RRB- , and Cingular is perfectly willing to send you new devices to replace the `` faulty '' device under the manufacturer 's warranty -- and with each replacement device that works as poorly as the previous one , Cingular is still unwilling to admit that the device is a problem . Unwilling to simply get you onto another device . Unwilling to admit that the phone is incapable of actually doing what it is supposed to do . As frustrated as I 've ever been with a cell phone company -- I have never been as infuriated with both a provider and a manufacturer .
 I have to say , I feel stupid for paying so much for a terrible phone . I wanted a smartphone to use when traveling . I thought the treo 650 was going to be what I was looking for . Yes , you can get an internet connection - No , you ca n't get good reception when using it for phone calls . The only time my calls do n't get cut off is in the car when it is connected to Bluetooth . I have had it for only 4 months and am considering going back to a regular Nokia phone . I have always had good luck with those .
 I was a bit disappointed in this product . Was n't what I expected . I wo n't be using it . However , putting that aside , it does fit my Katana phone and was a pretty shade of soft pink .
 Rest of the accessories work fine with the Blackberry 8300 Curve , but be warned -- this battery does NOT fit in the curve . On the battery it says it is intended for the 8700 , and it has a ridge which will not allow it to fit in the battery compartment .
 The battery I received does not fit into my Blackberry Curve and the car charger does not work .
 There are plenty of other sleeves to choose from ; do n't choose these . Both were ripped at the corners when I opened the box , and they only included one clear cover to protect the screen . Useless if you 're giving one of the sleeves to someone else .
 Working for a phone company , I have seen this phone come back with problems more than any phone ever made . Motorola is the worst manufacturer . You 'd think because they 're such a huge company , that they 'd get it right . but ... unfortunatly 95 % of their phones , are defective.Common Problems : Phone stops turning onLCD Screen goes blackLCD Sensor stops detecting that the phone is fliped openKey Pad stops lighting upAntenna 's come out easilyButtons stop working ... etc -LRB- you can name it - -RRB- My suggestion - get yourself into a samsung or a nokia , those phones last forever , and rarely have problems . I would not recommend a motorola !
 I definately would not recommend people buying this phone . I got this phone because the Cingular dealer recommended it and said it would last a long time , however I 've only had this phone 3 months and I 've had to replace this phone , the first one
 I 've had nothing but problems with this phone . First , the vibrating function died . Then I began having issues with the keypad and most recently BOTH screens decided to just stop working . So , I now ca n't access my voicemail , text messages or phonebook . I 'm going back to Nokia and will never buy another Motorola .
 Do n't waste your money , even if they offer the $ 50.00 rebate . It takes 3-4 months to get the money and I 've had nothing but problems with this phone since I got it . > Problems with the phone not coming on > Unable to access my address book or any stored menus > Phone drops call for no reason > Problems with charging > The voice dialing is a joke > Screen turns black when the phone is flipped open or it sometimes just dies and goes black when you 're on a call or when you try to answer an incoming call.I give it one star for the sleek look but nothing for function or quality . I now know why they 're practicly giving these away for free .
 Had 3 defective phones in 2 yrs ... huge number of dropped calls ... wouldnt recommend it to anyone even if its given away free ...
 A very basic phone with not one good ringtone , display or wallpaper . Did not recieve the USB cable . I am going back to the Nokia 6102i .
 Unfortunately we bought two of these so-called phones . Both of them had features that did not work , when new . They both had features that quit working . Reception was almost non-existant , I was missing an average of ten calls a day . There were more dropped calls than completed . We got the phones through Cingular , there is a Cingular tower 500 ft from my house , we always have 5 bars , yet these phones still could not get reception . The quality of the case is bad , but the reception is just horrible . I also know eight other people personally who bought this phone , they all had the same problems we did . Any one who thinks this phone is a good one , has never had a good phone .
 I 've had the v180 and the v188 -LRB- motorola 's atempt at an upgrade ? -RRB- . Firstly , I 've had the outer plastic screen ontop of the caller ID crack within 4 months of getting both phones , and this was from completely normal use . Secondly the speaker phone function is completely useless unless you are in a dead silent area , otherwise it isnt loud enough . The phone also get terrible reception , the first time I had this phone I was with cingular , second time I was with T-mobile , I got sub-par reception with both phones/companies , when people with the same carrier would consistently get better reception no matter where we were . I 've had the microphone begin to fail , ridiculous numbers of dropped calls -LRB- sometimes going 10 calls in a row all of them dropped within 15 seconds or just failing the call altogether -LRB- this being in an area I normally get 3-4 bars while i 'm NOT holding the phone -RRB- -RRB- This phone is the biggest piece of junk I have ever owned , and so is the v180 , the only difference between the two is aesthetic -LRB- the front faceplate on the v188 isnt as easily removed -RRB- . stay AWAY from this phone , even if you get it free with a plan , its still not worth it ! Go with ANY other phone , or pay a few bucks for a better one , you 'll regret it within a few months when you get this piece .
 Piece of trash DO NOT BUY , we got 4 of these and none of them work . . two did n't even work new ! -LRB- We got these NEW from t-mobile -RRB- DO NOT RECOMMEND to ANYONE .
 I 'm on my 3rd v-180 in less than a year and every one of them has had a fatal flaw that caused me to return it -LRB- under warranty -RRB- for another . Unfortunately , they have the option of sending you a refurbished model , which means that they tried to fix someone else 's problem phone and pawn it off on you . This one is going to get flushed as soon as I find another phone to buy , since Cingular says it 's now out of warranty and I 'm not eligible for an upgrade for another 6 months .
 The V180 is a piece of trash !! I 've had 3 in a 6 month time span . My screen blacks out and I ca n't see incoming calls or what numbers I 've dialed . Great ring tones but horrible reception ! People often tell me I sound like I 'm in a bubble . I like Motorola but this was their cheap invention that should have stayed on the shelf .
 I selected this phone along with a Cingular plan and have regretted it ever since . I am now on my FOURTH V180 in 10 months . I returned the first due to nonexistant reception . I returned the second due to the fact that it would not always hang up when flipped shut . I returned the third because it randomly froze several times in the middle of the night -LRB- always at 3:39 am , which was odd -RRB- ; since I use my phone 's alarm clock , this was problematic . The fourth time is apparently the charm -- this one has been fine . Had Cingular 's return policy not been so convenient , this would have been way more annoying . It 's still been an inconvenience , however . So learn from my experience , and choose a different phone !!
 I must live on the edge of Cingular 's -LRB- and everyone else 's -RRB- coverage area . This phone ca n't hold a call at my house , and I have problems with it dropping calls even when it shows several bars strength . Part of the problem is the coverage area , but part is the phone , too . I have friends who have made and received calls from my home with no problem . If you live like I do in a pothole on the Information Superhighway , avoid this phone .
 Bad phone - very poor signal - even my head caused signal problems-lot 's of other problems too . I changed to a samsung phone - very little problems - do n't get this phone even it 's FREE !!
 I had to change 4 phones in one year with cingular . Not worth its money
 I wanted 4 major things in a phone
 I have had this phone replaced twice - once for sound quality and later for it losing the capability of sending and receiving calls . I am now giving up on the Motorola L2 and getting a different phone.Sound quality is really bad . With each replacement phone , my friends and family continue to complain that my voice is garbled and sounds digitized.On warm days , the screen fades in color and functionality greatly diminishes.People seem impressed by the sleek look of this phone , but it is not worth the hassle . Bulky flip phone here I come.Motorola should stop making the L2 .
 I have not tried bluetooth with this phone , and I have not tried using it outside of the U.S. . That being said , I 'm listing pros and cons below . I 've had this phone for about 6 months , and have given up and am looking to buy a new phone before I 'm due for an upgrade with Cingular . I never had a problem with Nokia in the past , and I 'm going to buy that brand from now on.Pros : - This phone looks cool and is slim and lightweight-You can program five different alarm clock times and name them , which is nice.-The battery is greatCons : - The software is not intuitive at all , and it takes a long time to find the correct menu for doing simple things-Perhaps it is Cingular , or perhaps it is the phone , but I have given up trying to have important conversations on this phone . People always have trouble hearing me , and I can rarely hear them . -LRB- I get angry whenever I see Cingular 's `` fewest dropped calls '' ads . -RRB- This phone is quad-band , which is why I bought it -- I thought that meant it would have great reception , which it certainly does n't . It supposedly could be used in Africa , yet I have terrible reception in Chicago...-The speakerphone sounds garbled most of the time.-Several other little things
 I like the hardware of the phone . Its slim and it works reliably . That is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . The reason I did n't give it any more is because the phone while it works , is very annoying to use . The people designing the user interface must have been smoking something really bad .1 . No auto-lock . You have to manually lock the keypad . Extremely annoying for people who have been using the auto-lock feature on the Nokia phones for years .2 . Volume control is dumb . To actually lower the volume you have to crank it way up before you can lower it . There is only one push button to control the volume and it cycles through the volume presets . Dumb , dumb , dumb .3 . Phone Book . Motorola has the dumbest phone book of all the phone manufacturers that I know of . Want to enter 3 phone numbers for your friend -LRB- work , cell , home -RRB- ? That will be 3 entirely separate entries in the phone book . People have been complaining about the dumb phone book in Motorola phones for years . Does Motorola listen ? No . They are fat and happy and waiting for a rude awakening .4 . No note taking ability . Would it have killed Motorola to provide a little note taking app that many others provide ? Sometimes I just want to write some small note down , maybe a part number or something and dont have a pen/paper handy.And the list goes on.My wife and I have sworn off of Motorola phones .
 Although the phone is sleek/slim , it is too long and too wide . Its too big to fit comfortably in a pocket . As others have noted , the battery life is very poor . Motorola needs to learn something from Nokia . I 'm sending this back to Cingular and getting a Nokia .
 I 'll start with the positive . One thing I really love about this phone is that if you purchase the software , `` Motorola Phone Tools '' -LRB- and usb cord if you need one -RRB- , you can take any mp3 song stored on your computer and use Phone Tools to crop any size of an excerpt from the song and then transfer it to your cell . And then you can use that song excerpt as ring tones , alarm clock tones , etc. . . I like that this phone does not come packaged with a camera . I want a phone , not a phone with a terrible camera that I 'll never use and have paid extra for.Unfortunately the negatives on this phone -LRB- at least for me -RRB- strongly outweigh the positives . -- From day one I have had troubles with the battery on this phone . Extremely short battery life and even shorter when using a motorola bluetooth headset . In fact , I had to send this phone in to motorola 3 times b/c I talked on it until the battery died and the phone shut off ... and it absolutely WOULD NOT power back on . Motorola replaced the battery twice and some part in the phone once . However , the phone still has the same problem . I 've just learned not to talk once the low battery indicator starts beeping . -- I have to charge the battery every night . -LRB- And I do not talk on the phone all day long . -RRB- -- The keys on the phone are uncomfortable to use , especially with nails . -- The volume on this phone is POOR . -LRB- I really miss the sound quality I had on Nokia -RRB- . -- The volume on this phone accompanied with a high-end motorola bluetooth headset is THE PITS . I ca n't use the bluetooth headset when driving b/c I ca n't hear the other person clearly . that is extremely frustrating . -- It 's annoying how you ca n't store multiple phone # 's under one person 's name ... . it ends up listing the person 's name multiple times in the contact list -LRB- for each # -RRB- . -- The L2 's reception is poor . I was a Nokia user prior to this and was afforded exceptional reception and it was rare for my nokia 's to drop a call . I have always been with Cingular , but this is the first time that I have used a Motorola with Cingular . The amount of call drops that I have now is significantly increased since I got the L2 . And I now lose reception in areas where I once had reception on a Nokia cell.I am very disappointed that I wasted my money on this phone that has been more of a headache for me than anything else.I 'm going back to nokia : -RRB-
 Pros : looks `` cool `` small footprintCons : Cheaply made and put together - it feels rather flimsyMenus are not intuitiveBattery indicator is highly inaccurateEVERY time I receive a message , every piece of electronics in the room buzzes.I dropped the phone ONCE and the screen shattered . It 's supposed to be a phone , not an egg.The phone should come with the MPT software , not including it is a cheapskate move on the part of the manufacturer .
 The parrot
 Pros - works ok , just as well as typical bluetooth headset - battery life pretty good ; does n't require frequent charging even after moderate use - can save contacts on headset and use voice recognition to call contactsCons - does not cancel out much background noise ; receiver hears background - drops out of sync with phone unexpectedly - regularly need to attempt to sync up phone to headset multiple times - not loud enough to receiver - sounds like a speakerphone to both parties -LRB- was hoping to sound more natural -RRB- - need to have phone and headset close vicinity -LRB- roughly less than 7ft -RRB- , otherwise connection will drop - freezes up occassionallyBackground-I own a Sony Ericcson K550i ; not sure if it 's phone 's fault or headset for problems . But I have owned previous headsets that did not drop sync and had better sound quality on both ends . Despite its promises of background cancellation , it just does n't do it.Summary-Works like a mid-tier quality bluetooth but with more problems than its worth.Recommendation-Do not go with this product . Friend uses Jawbone and he recommends it highly .
 I have owned several of these types of product from Motorola and Jabra . This model from Parrot is really hard to figure out without studying the manual . Two examples -- the huge knob on the front of the unit does not adjust the volume during a call , and there is no obvious way to kick off the iPhone/Siri recognition engine . It seems like this thing is just grossly over-engineered , to the detriment of the normal or casual user .
 First and foremost , documentation for the MINIKIT - both in print and online - is horrible . There are omissions and inconsistencies too numerous to list here . As an example , one can not find what various LED flashes or beeps emanating from the unit mean!My conclusion about the unit I received is that it is defective . Within about six hours of experimenting , I actually managed to pair it and connect it to my Palm Treo 680 phone ... alas , no sound , coming or outgoing . My other Bluetooth device works just fine , using identical settings . Before that , on the first try , Palm OS froze . Then MINIKIT menus were just three - LANGUAGE , VOLUME , and UPDATE . Other menus , such as ADD VOICE TAGS , mysteriously appeared one day later . Parrot 's web description of pairing the Treo has very little resamblence to what is actually appearing on the phone . In summary , I could not make it work.Now , big questions
 No , no , no - do not buy.If you want simple , get the Blue Ant Supertooth hands free.The round dial on this unit will drive you nuts.It is finiky and did not pass the ` easy to use test ' . Sound quality is awful.Very distracting.It did pair eaily , but it kept changing lauguage each time I turned it on!I returned it and got the Blue Ant .
 The Parrot Minikit is lacking in user interface , is not consistent in confirming the pairing or connection with my phone . After 1 week I abandoned it and with the Garmin Nuvi 360 -- a great product.Mike
 The blue tooth speaker was defective . . it would n't keep a charge for more than 24 hours . I had to return it . My thought is that it is an older model , maybe on the shelf too long . I will keep looking for a similar product but want to buy it in a brick and mortar store where returns are easier .
 I give the Parrot ZERO stars . When linked to my Blackberry , I can hear just fine , but anyone that I speak with says that my voice `` comes and goes '' . It is not cell phone signal strentgh , because as soon as I break the bluetooth connection , everyone says that I sound fine . I wish it worked better , the size is perfect , easy to place anywhere on the dashboard or visor , simple to operate and adjust volume , but its main purpose is its flaw.Lee
 I like the idea of this product , particularly since it addresses one of the iPhone 's main shortcomings -- voice recognition . In reality , however , the product is not really compatible with the iPhone , and it 's also difficult for Mac users , requiring the use of Boot Camp or Parallels , and a copy of Windows . Even after updating the firmware , the device can only be used for outgoing calls . It does not recognize incoming calls on the iPhone . The company still seems to be figuring this out -- an email from tech support says that they are working on another firmware update to address these issues . I hope that they will also work on making their update software Mac-compatible . If I had it to do over , I 'd probably buy the EasyDrive , which tech support says `` fully '' supports the iPhone.Followup 11/08 -- After about a year , voices on the MINIKIT became so garbled as to be unrecognizable . After a pleasant exchange with Parrot , they informed that because I was past the warranty period there was absolutely nothing to be done about it . So it 's going in the garbage . I guess $ 65 is n't that bad for a little over one year of service , but it 's still annoying . I 'll be looking for something more reliable .
 i ordered 2 of these just the other day , they came in a day sooner than expected so shipping was fast , HOWEVER , upon opening the 2 packages both of them were not only scratched very noticeably but one parrot in particular was missing a rubber charge port cover and the speaker was blown horribly and the metal clip that holds it to the visor had been worn down to bare metal and rusted , both box 's had the '' security seal '' showing they were `` new '' but they were anything but new . i will report back later about how well their customer service is , but as for now because of this kind of neglect i cant even give a real review on the product . what i can tell you from the one that did have a working speaker the volume works very well , and it paired to my iphone on the first try , i was told by the caller on the other end that they couldnt tell that they were on speaker , but did get horrible wind noise when i sat in front of a fan , so running it near your cars a/c or windows down might be an issue for some people including myself . overall i think i 'll be returning this product for a full refund and i 'll just goto bestbuy and pay twice as much for something i know is new and of good quality ...
 I would not recommend this . I bought it a few months back and did not have time to use it until recently . Something went wrong with the unit and the volume knob came off . Anyone know how I can get it repair or get a replacement , since my husband throw the box and everything out .
 I read the review on this product that 's why I bought it but for what ever reason did n't work for me . The green and red leds both suppose to flash when you press the red button and the rotary button at the same time but it never . so I can not pair it with my celphone . what a waste of money and I 'm very disappointed .
 I 've had my unit for about a week now with the intention of leaving it in my car all the time . It performs well enough in my limited usage , but perhaps the biggest drawback is that it automatically turns itself off after 5 minutes when your phone is out of bluetooth range . The power connector -LRB- USB to cigarette lighter -RRB- is only for charging the internal battery . So , this means that every time you get in the car , you have to turn the unit on by pressing the power button for 2 seconds . What an oversight . Why not just make the unit wake when power is applied ? Anyway , this is a deal breaker for me . My unit is going back .
 I sent an email to Amazon because I was told by a Verizon servic rep that the Minikit was not compatible with my Bluetooth phone . I have returned it , as per Amazon 's instruction and I am awaiting a refund .
 It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320 . Costumer service told me I need a software abdate , but can not use any Mac Computer . Paid somebody to do the update , and it was worth then before . Very bad experiance with Parot Costumer Service .
 This is the worst bluetooth i ever had . . lots of noise and the voice sound is on and off all the time.i do not use this device anymore . .
 Bought these for my kids for christmas and they did n't want them - they did not find them user friendly - how can I return them ?
 I had previous Parrot products , so I bought this one with high hopes . Unfortunately , that was a mistake and I recommend that you keep looking.There are two major problems : The speech recognition for voice-activated dialing is poor . It seems to be designed to accept a very narrow range of pronunciations . So , I find myself repeating the same name over and over again before it will recognize it . I can seriously pronounce the same word about one dozen times and it replies with the annoying message , `` Name Not Recorded . '' I would like to yell back -- `` you , lie ! '' -- but , of course , it would just tell me that `` you , lie '' was not recorded either.The other problem is that it does not turn on or off based on the car power . You must manually turn it on , which requires a very long key press . I can live with that . But , it does not turn off when the power is disconnected . It turns off when the phone is moved out of bluetooth range . Unfortunately , my upstairs bedroom -- which is two floors away -- is within Bluetooth range ! So , the device and the phone are linked all night.Not so major problems include unresponsive buttons and an annoying tendency to not wait long enough before dialing the phone . I often get an error message from the cellular provider.On the positive side , the speaker is good and the voice cancellation is better than most.All in all , I would say that you should keep looking . Or , if you like , I will sell you mine .
 I bought this Parrot speaker four months ago . It was very hard to tell when the speaker was on or off . The volume knob just spins in either direction , so you have to play with that until you get the volume where you need it to be . The speaker quality was ok , clear enough to hear what 's being said , but very often , the person I called had to call me back because they were getting an echo when I called them using this speaker . Two days ago , I heard a loud crackle sound , and the speaker just stopped working . My cell phone still picks up the blue tooth unit , and switches over automatically to the Parrot speaker , but I cant hear or be heard over the unit at all . I would not recommend this unit to anyone . Do n't waste your money on this one , its a clunker .
 I bought this speakerphone from Buyaccessories . First I received a used and broken unit . Was definitely not as advertised . Then I spent 6 weeks emailing back and forth to finally get full refund ; minus my shipping to return this defected item ! I will never buy from seller again . I am a good Amazon customer but it made me think twice in purchasing from a 3rd party seller ... Horrible experience !
 I have been used this product for a month , after the first month the turn on/off button got inside . Now I ca n't turn on my device
 I do not like this product . It worked for maybe three months , Kept it charged , still did not hold its charge and it was very difficult for people to understand me .
 Does not work that well . Callers have a hard time hearing me at times Would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I bought this thinking a minikit would be a SMALL kit , but I was definitely wrong . it is HUGE.Having recovered from the shock of its size , I made numerous attempt to make it work , but no . Does n't even work as a door stopper .
 I had to go online to find more detailed instructions about the operation . I must be too old to just `` figure it out '' . The instructions I found on the website are somewhat better than what came with it , but it took several reads to feel like I had some idea of how to navigate the all voice -LRB- no visual cues -RRB- menu and commands . I knew this was the case , so I was n't surprised but when you accidentally choose French there is a moment of panic.I thought the unit looked a bit used , but I thought that may have been the soft touch plastics holding more storage grime . I finally noticed that the USB/charger cover piece was missing when I unplugged it . I did n't notice that it did n't have one until I compared it to the box photo and noticed a hole where the flap should have been held in place.These are all OK , I 'm not going to return it just because someone else did n't like it and lost a tiny piece of rubber.I think the unit was returned , because it was defective and either the person returning did n't notify the retailer , or the retailer just sent it out to me without checking . The problem is that the microphone does n't seem to pick up normal to strong speech . I had to scream so loud that my dogs ran from the room . I tried it at arms length and speaking directly into the mic opening . I was constantly told to `` repeat the word '' or `` speak louder '' or `` try again '' . By the time I had recorded the basic set of voice recognition words , I was out of breath . I also realized that the machine would only recognize my screams and that was not going to work.Bought it through Amazon but they were not the actual retailer so I could only return it for credit . I marked it as defective . I may go with a Bluetooth add-on for my stereo or a goofy looking ear clip thing .
 The Parrot Mini Kit was easy to use and connected with my phone immediately . The BIG PROBLEM was it turned on the phone -LRB- Treo 655p -RRB- every 10 to 30 seconds with no incoming call . This happened continuously whenever the unit was turned on . I wrote an email to the Parrot contact address and have never received a reply . I put it back in the original box and returned it to Amazon . By the way , I am impressed with the Amazon return policy , its ease of use and the fact that it did not cost me anything except to drop it off at the UPS service center .
 Paired well with my phone and sounded good to me . Others on the other end complained of excessive static in most calls . Same luck with my wife 's phone . I wrote to Parrot who told me only to soft reboot phone which proved of no benefit . Returned to Amazon as defective and got full refund -- no problem . Bought a BlueAnt Supertooth 3 that is very good -- no static !
 This was fairly easy to setup only had to read the manual once for the bluetooth code . But unless I was talking with someone who was in a prefectly quiet background , the noise was amplified to the point I could barely hear the person talking and they could n't hear me over the noise the parrot was making . I also was not impressed with the battery life . I talk in my car about an hour a day and after fulling charging the unit it was dead after a day . All in all was not impressed with this product .
 Works well , but is difficult to program for voice recognition . I still have not figured it out . I am just using it for incoming calls and calls I manually start with my phone . I also can not get it to answer , when ringing , without physically opening the phone , pushing the green button does not work for me . The instructions are very vague . It does have fabulous battery time and an acceptable speaker/microphone . It is a good value for the money and would be an even better one if I can ever get all the features working . I know it is operator error , but I do n't ever have this kind of problems with my considerable amount of other `` tec '' stuff .
 I bought this minikit because it got good reviews and it would be perfect for my purposes . However it switches on and off whenever it wants , it looses contact with the phone . Very often the on/off button works only in a horizontal position -LRB- ? -RRB- I use a Treo 650 , which is on the compatible phone list . When I contacted Parrot , they said it was n't -LRB- ? -RRB- At last I opened the unit , but there are no moving parts inside except the micro switches . It is giving me a headache , so I will go searching for an alternative .
 Seems like there is an issue with the charger . Whenever I connect my car charger , for a while my phone displays charging then all of a sudden error while charging . It goes on and off , I hope I 'm not destroying my phone with this charger . Case and ear buds are ok.Good luck .
 I bought two of these combos , mainly for the headset . Unfortunately only one works well . The other one produces a lot of static-like noise for people on the other end of the line . You wo n't know this until they tell you ... Amazon replaced that one for me , yet , unfortunately , the replacement is just as bad . I am just going to keep one . The other two things look okay , though I have n't tried the charger yet -LRB- saw from one of the earlier reviews that it is no good -RRB- . All in all , you can try your luck . It is good when it works ...
 I 've had this phone for a little more than 6 months . It has been a poor performer and causes more problems than it 's worth . My recommendation is to consider something else unless you really like the style or buy a new phone every few months.Here are my gripes :1 . The black undercoating is starting to flake off inside the front flip of phone . Scratches and other blemishes are really noticable .2 . It consistently fails to read the SmartID card precluding any use of the phone unless you power down and restart . Will read `` Insert SmartChip . '' Just checked as it 's recharging and you guessed it - it says it now .3 . Periodically the phone will fail to identify an access number for voicemail and it takes forever to figure out how to retrieve a usable number .4 . It takes awhile to figure out all the menu options . The phone is stacked with options to get you spend more money on add ons , but it takes your life to get to call history or easily swich to silent mode . I maybe use 1/20 of all the stuff that you can do .5 . There is often long periods after you open the phone where it says `` running '' this prevents any call until is cycles through - this is really irritating .6 . Got to be real careful when saving numbers to the phone vs. smart card . It 's not real easy to move a number from the phone to the card .7 . The phone as a real low level volume when it comes to the earpiece . Unlike my last phone , I 've got to really concentrate to hear callers if there is any background noise . I will say it 's got a loud ring which is good.On the plus side , it does look nice right out of the box , it 's got a good battery to allow for the SmartCard not reading indicator , and it 's got pretty good reception .
 Nokia quality is not what it used ot be . After less than a year of normal use , in & out of purse & pockets , it is essentially useless . The plastic around the antenna cracked , and the antenna fell off . From the get go , paint was chipping off one of the few metal parts of the phone . One of the buttons never did work right . The keypad area wears marks on the screen , making it hard ot see after a while . The button to get online easily gets switched if the phone gets pried open a little bit in your purse or pocket , causing unintended internet fees . -- Do n't buy this phone unles you have a butler to carry it around on a velvet pillow . -- Oh , and the camera function is not very good . Photos are low resolution . There is very little in the way of camera controls .
 I had to get a new phone since my old motorola phone stopped charging , so I thought I would try something new . There are a couple pros , but more cons with this phone.Pros : - Long battery life-Good size-Buttons are easy to pressCons : - You have to hit waaaay to many buttons to send a text , extremely annoying-Feels weak and flimsy -LRB- I dropped it for the first time after having it for months , and it wo n't open and close correctly anymore . -RRB- Overall , I would not buy this phone again , it has a cheap feel to it , and from what I have experienced , it functions like a cheap phone .
 So , in the space of about eleven months , I had three of these things . The display died on the first one ; got it replaced under a warranty exchange . Was very unhappy to discover that I could n't just walk into -LRB- what was then -RRB- a Cingular storefront and get it replaced on the spot ; had to go through the rather painful rigamarole with Cingular online -- and I was on the road at the time . Not . happy.Then , a few months later , something went wrong with the hinge on the second phone . The phone itself was spotless , as was observed by the fellow in the -LRB- now -RRB- AT&T ; office where I went , once again , to * try * to get some in-person service . Once again , no dice , * and * I got to observe first-hand how shabbily AT&T ; was treating their own employees in the local storefront . This time , not even the AT&T ; employee * telling * them that the phone had clearly not been abused would get them to replace the thing under warranty . Yes , I had to pay for a new phone.It 's some months later now , and the third phone has shown hints of having the hinge problem -LRB- wo n't close properly , display wo n't sleep -RRB- . My contract is up at this point ; when this one dies , I 'll be getting something else . Possibly an LG . -LRB- I have observed for myself how tough those puppies are . -RRB- Whether I 'll be staying with AT&T ; is the main question . Verizon is n't an option -LRB- not available in my area -RRB- , and is anyone else really any better ? We seem to be back to the bad old days of `` We do n't care ; we do n't have to . We 're the phone company . `` Update , September 2008
 I 've had this phone for over a year now but am not elibible for an upgrade yet , unfortunately . It 's been my first , and will be my last , Nokia phone.There are so many annoying features to this phone that I do n't know where to begin . The most annoying is the non-existant ear piece-if it 's not centered EXACTLY over your ear canal , you can hardly hear . The volume of the ringer and the earpiece are terrible . If your finger touches the antenna , which is easy to do , the connection becomes poor.The fliminess of the case is unbelievable . I 've dropped previous phones before , as we all do , and have never damaged anything . After just one drop the vibrate feature and volume button stopped working , and now the darn antenna is cracked . The speakerphone option is almost useless-you ca n't dial or answer a call directly-you ca n't use it until you 're actually on a call and then you have to search for the speakerphone button . And you can hardly see anything on the dark screen.I ca n't wait to get a new phone . I liked my old LG .
 I was really excited when I ordered this phone , because it was going to be my very first cameraphone.The camera is terrible . Do n't get this phone if you 're serious into taking photos with it.Also , it has poor reception . And it was n't my carrier 's fault because my mom 's phone 's reception is great.The only good thing about this phone is the FM radio . I really enjoyed that.So , basically , I was already pretty digusted with the phone , but the treatment I got from Nokia really was the last straw.I called up Nokia to order the computer-connecting cord for the 6102i , which is $ 50 . They tell me I 'll get it latest Monday -LRB- I 'd called on a Friday -RRB- . Monday came and went.On Tuesday I called up Nokia and asked them what the deal was with the cord and the representative tells me I need to go thru an ID verification before they can send me the cord.I was like , `` Why could n't you tell me this when I first ordered the cord ? `` She had no reply , she just told me that she 'd transfer me to the `` ID Verification Department '' . I got transfered and I get this woman , who starts asking me my name , birthdate , etc. . I very reluctantly give them.Then she asks me , `` What were your previously owned vehicles ? `` I was like , `` Owned vehicles ?!! Why do you need that information ? `` She snaps , `` This is for your protection ! '' and starts giving me a lecture about how I should be grateful that they are being so careful in protecting me because who knows , maybe I 'm a fraud who stole my credit card and wants to buy a $ 50 cord with it!I cancel the order in total disgust , and call up the ordering department again , and explain what the deal was . This guy was very polite , and he was sorry about what happened.Nokia apparently deals with another company -LRB- I forget what the name is -RRB- who undercuts their prices , which I 'll admit is weird , but I 'm ready to try anything to get this cord out of them . He transfers me over to this other company , but also stays on the line , so it 's a 3-way conversation.The guy at the other company is also very polite , and is sorry for what happened , and tries to put the order thru . He says , `` Hey , the computer wo n't let me put the order thru ... it 's coming up with this page that about having to go thru an ID verification . `` The Nokia guy said , `` Really ? I never saw or heard about any page like that ... `` He tried sending the order through again , but got the same ID verification page.They said they were sorry , and were also somewhat surprised at this ID verification thing , and I said thanks but never mind.I called up our carrier and returned the Nokia 6102i . I was so disgusted . It 's a cheap phone and to top it off , Nokia wo n't send me the computer-connecting cord , and is rude into the bargain.I am NEVER buying another Nokia again , let alone a 6102i .
 I 've had this phone sense January ... and it 's total crap.My outer screen cracked within a month of having it , just from being in my pocket . The case has broken off around the antenna , the gray part around the top of the phone pops off , the black and gray coloring is chipping off so i can actually see the inside of the phone in places , and now it wont charge unless i rig up the charger in juuuust the right position and then tape it in place.My dad , step mom , and my friend also bought the phone the same time as I did . My step moms phone also has damage to the case , and half of the time it gives her an error saying she has a headset plugged and , so the speaker wont turn on and she ca n't use the phone . She 's never used a headset with it , that error just popped up randomly one day.My dads phone broke so it would n't let him dial out , except it randomly pushed the 5 button all the time , causing him to call the number that was assigned to to speed dial number 5 all the time . He had to send it in and now he 's on his third one!My friends phone broke too , the case around it just crumbled ! She had to get 2 replacement phones like this , and now shes given up and had to buy a different model.All of us are really careful with our phones , I had a tiny LG phone before this that never broke , and i 'm much more gentle with this one and it just keeps breaking . Do NOT buy this phone !
 This phone is my first cell phone . For the first few months it was terrific everything i expected for the price i payed which was nothing . Three months after i bought this phone the casing fell off . I never even dropped the phone it was always in my pocket . The top of the casing fell off which revealed the antenna which falls off the phone when it is in my pocket so i ca n't even receive calls . I know at least five people with similar problems the bottom line is DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 Worse phone I 've EVER owned , first one came with missing buttons , two weeks to replace , sent wrong parts , provided wrong information . Screen fades . Two tin cans and a string would work better than this phone .
 This so-called cell phone is the biggest piece of junk I have ever owned . There are more intermittent software bugs than you can possibly tolerate .
 This is my first Nokia phone and will be my last . My wife and I bought these phones little over a year ago and they are both falling apart . The cases are very flimsy and are cracking from opening and closing . I do admit the phone has been dropped a few times but I expect a phone to take a bit of punishment.The display screen on mine now only works 1/4 of the time . I have to keep opening and shutting the phone to try to get the display to work . It appears that some screw holding the flip part of the phone is working itself lose.The voice quality is barely acceptable . I would prefer if the speaker was louder and it would be nice if it was clearer.I have previously used one Motorola phone and a few Samsung phones and they seemed to be a lot more durable .
 I hate my phone . Let 's be honest , I had insurance on my previous phone , and I lost it , but they -LRB- Cingular -RRB- would not replace my phone with a like kind because it was an early pre-blackberry qwerty N-GAGE -LRB- 2200 I think -RRB- , so they gave me this lump of coal as replacement . Another shot against it was it was a refurbished model , whch makes sense since it was an insurance replacement and you know how big companies really like to pinch your penny . After 6 months my mic is going bad , and more than half the time the person I 'm talking to can not hear me , or can barely hear me . The phone FEELS cheap , weak , and flimsy . Now , I know I could invest in a bluetooth headset , but I do n't want to sink money into a phone I do n't like anyway . Instead I use the accessory wired headset leftover from my 2200 . Sorry guys , this phone is just plain awful .
 The car charger had the wrong size connector and would not work with my A930 . Got the Samsung OEM car charger that works great . The return and refund process with Amazon however was easy .
 The car charger I got with this purchase would not fit my phone . I ordered another one hoping to recieve the correct one , but instead I recieved an identical one which also would not fit my phone . You might want to get this problem corrected . The other two pieces in the combo pack were fine . Thanks
 Despite the product title here and the label on the package that clearly reads `` 3 Piece Starter Kit for Samsung A930 , '' the cigarette lighter adapter in this product does not fit the A930 . It has the wrong type of connector . I compared it to a Samsung OEM vehicle charger for this model -LRB- which my wife had -RRB- that does fit the A930 , and the adapter connector in this kit is longer and wider . I 'm not certain if this is a case of the wrong charger occasionally being put into these Starter Kits by the manufacturer , or a case of the kits being mislabelled , but in either case , I 'd beware . Amazon , thankfully , has a good return policy .
 I threw away the packaging before realizing the charger and holder did n't fit my phone
 The headphone has a standard 8mm plug and wo n't work with the Katana . The case is absolutely worthless . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 The adapter did n't work ; well it worked for exactly 1 minute and then that was it . I called the seller to return it and get a replacement and they could n't help me . Go elsewhere !
 I like the new phone cover but the plastic window part of the cover has 2 little dots that will not come off . I started to return but decided not to . It appeared as if they would remove with wiping but they did n't .
 I 'm sure this item would work well . . if I ever recieve it ! For some reason after I ordered it the delivery date got pushed waayy back from the original and the item went out of stock . Even though they charged my credit card right away I 'm still waiting to recieve it 3 weeks later ... I 'm not pleased with amazon or this seller on this purchase . I could have picked one up from the store the same day . Now I 'm out the money and still dont have the product . I do n't know how many more purchases I 'll make with amazon after this one ...
 The pin jack is too small a size to charge our Nokia cellphones . I need the jack pin diameter 9/64 inches . The model of Nokia phone is a 3595 model . These two travel charger will not charge of phones
 This is the only product I have purchased on Amazon that I have been unhappy with . I was looking for a replacement Treo screen saver . I purchased this only to discover it was very thin , had no anti-glare protection , and did not fit despite the seller advertising it for my specific phone . The warranty is a sham since if you remove the protector from the card it comes on it becomes void . Doing so is the only way to see if the protector fits . I paid as much for this as a factory Treo protector . I would have been better off saving my money and using Saran Wrap ! What junk !
 Amazon gave the impression that the adapter fit the product I was purchasing . It did not . It was n't worth shipping back . So , was I stuck with it ? Not for long . Instead of moving it around for years , or keeping it around for a product it would fit , I threw it away . Problem solved .
 By the second time I used this piece of junk to charge my phone , it gave me an error message and would not work . Unfortunately , it was beyond 30 days so I 'm stuck with it . Proceed with caution -- and test it early and often . Hope I win the 50 bucks to make up for this bad purchase !
 This case is not at all what is states . It WILL NOT fit the motorola v3 razr , it does not open .
 Call me particular , but other than the swivel option on the cover and belt clip , which does make this a comfortable carrying case ; the case itself does not conform well to the phone . The velcrose tab that secures to the carrying case should be designed a bit more narrow as the tab is applying pressure to the antenna mount , thus distortion in fit is obvious.The elastic sides are a neat idea , but the leather piece that covers the appliance is mostly out of line with the microphone . -LRB- the elastic on the sides could be the culprit -RRB- Also , the velcrose tab that secures the case could be a tad longer . I found a few times the stress of the carrying case due to the streamline design can pull the velcrose tab away , thus the phone can literally fall out of the case , because of the convienant swivel feature.I personally think the case should be a bit larger ; delete the spandex sides ; ad leather.If I had to do it over again , I would not buy this cell phone carying case , but go with the one Amazon features that is completely leather , larger capacity , with the magnetic clasp and the traditional belt loop.As a matter of fact , I think I will order one right now and put this little bugger in my closet for a back-up . The Audiovox Phone , GPX 9155 is one of the best phones for the money ! I think the voice activated calling features is a great plus in safety , while traveling . No hands dialing , speak into the phone for dialing a number ! I denfinetly recommend this phone ! The battery life on stand by is great ! But ... if you put it on speakerphone mode-it sucks the juice up in a hurry ! Although , if on speakerphone mode for a ten minute conferance , this is a good feature ! This little devil puts out the volume!There are too mumerous additional great features to add to this survey.Thanks and enjoy your world class , third millinium cell phone-Audiovox 9155 GPX ! I love this phone !
 As one of the previous reviewers has already mentioned , this carrying case does not fit the phone well . My biggest complaint is that the velcro on the top does not completely hold down the covering side , which leaves a little lip , which gets caught on things.Also , the hole near the bottom -LRB- which should be the opening for the microphone -RRB- does not line up with the microphone hole.By the way , at least on the case I bought , the sides ARE elastic!For $ you would think that they could make something a little better .
 I thought that these were actual cases by the pictures given under product . They turned out to be printable labels with no software available to use with them . So not only did I waste my money , but I wasted my time trying to find the software it said was available . I will never buy this product or a product from this company again . False advertising .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is a rip off I would like my money back ... you ca n't print off the images because you ca n't download the pictures because the soft ware does n't exist anymore !
 After purchasing this item from Amazon as the seller , I learned that Motorola in conjunction with Avery is no longer offering the software download you need to be able to use the product . Without this option , you can not download , customize or select a design . If you ca n't do that ... you ca n't print the tattoo for your phone . The site was
 DO NOT BUY !!!! I tried to print the images on the stickers with 4 different ink jet printers and it does n't line up . I wasted 10 dollars on two packs of these and wasted them all !!! Buy a case or pre-made sticker .
 The software that is enclosed with this product is only usable on a PC . The software is needed in order to design your phone tattoo and in order to communicate with your printer -LRB- correct printing -RRB- . Perhaps , I should have checked to confirm that the software was compatible with Macs . I did n't realize that the software was basically THE ONLY WAY to get these tattoos designed and printed . So if you do not have a PC do not even bother buying this ; unless you are crafty and decide to design it by hand with markers .
 I thought I was getting the tattoo that was shown on the page , but it turns out it was blank and I had to go online and choose a pattern tattoo and then print it . That was fine but the print I wanted was not even there to pick so I feel I wasted my time and money . So just beware ...
 I was very unhappy due to not receiving the item in question . What was sent to me was the blank sheets for me to make my own tattoos . I am very unsatified .
 Just FYI
 After purchasing this product -LRB- downloading , building the tattoo , printing , peeling , etc. -RRB- the ink will rub off on your hands . Poor choice of tattoo paper they send you . It 's a fairly easy product to design and put on your phone , but after making 3 more tattoos , the ink rubbed off of those as well . Did n't last one day . Great product if the color would stick .
 This Phone is terrible . I would NOT reccomnd this phone to ANYONE.From day One , I have had problems with it turning off for no reason . Even with a full battery . It just shuts off at Random times . I 've taken it in and they ca n't do anything about it . I have asked other people , randomly on the street once I see them wit hthe phone if they have the same problem , and they can relate ! - IT FREEZES Constantly.-A very slow phone.-It falls apart easily.-camera is terrible.I will NEVER buy Siemens again .
 My Motorola i580 's original battery would only last a couple days so I bought this extended battery . Its not much better . I might get 21/2 days out of a full charge , and it make my phone quite a bit thicker . Not really worth the money .
 I had ordered a Covertec case for my Sony PDA a few years ago and was pleased with their quality and attention to detail . After looking around , I thought I would splurge and get a similar case for my BB - unfortunately , I 'm not impressed.The design of the case is poor - there is no sleeper switch , therefore the keyboard needs to be locked when the case is closed . Secondly , there is no opening for the speaker on the back , so the ring is severely muffled . I put some business cards in the sleeve of the case and now it is unbalanced , flipping upside down when the phone is not there . All in all , quite disappointing.The quality of the leather and stitching is very good - it just does not make up for a poor design . I contacted Covertec to explain my problem - no response . The icing on the cake .
 not sure exactly how to do any of the other things i should be able to do . package said i may need to use with other software . check with service provider . well , they are not sure what i need either .
 i bought this thinking i was gon na be able to make my own ringtones for my cell phone and i got the usb cable but i dont know which software i can use with this usb cable ... could someone help me ... ????
 TOTALLY USELESS ! THIS WILL NOT WORK WITH MOTOROLA V235 AS IT IS LISTED ! IT WILL NOT WORK AS A MODEM NOR WILL IT WORK AS A CABLE TO DOWNLOAD YOUR PICTURES ! IT WILL BE RECOGNIZED ON THE COMPUTER AS A MODEM BUT WHEN YOU TRY TO USE IT LIKE A MODEM -LRB- EXAMPLE = TO CONNECT TO DIAL UP INTERNET OR TO USE PHONE DIALER TO CALL FROM COMPUTER -RRB- IT JUST WILL NOT CONNECT ! WHEN YOU GO TO ADJUST THE ADVANCED CALLING OPTIONS ... IT DOES N'T GIVE YOU ACCESS TO THE OPTIONS DUE TO THE DRIVERS ! SO IF YOU HAVE A V235 ... DO YOURSELF A FAVOR ... DO NOT BUY THIS ! IT MAY ONLY BECOME USEFUL TO CHOKE YOURSELF TO DEATH !
 I bought this for my Sony ericsson . Though the phone did n't last a month , this head set did n't help it . I had a really scratchy low volume sound the whole time I used this . Not one of the better headsets out the today .
 The Ear piece -LRB- the wrap around , not the gel pads -RRB- is extremely flimsy . The gel pads are also awkward shapes making it hard to get it to stay in your ear . Even when i was able to make it stay in place , it was not that comfortable.The sound quality is not very good at all , but you ca n't expect much from such a small and cheap speaker.The speaker actually came apart from the main unit only after having it two days.Yes , it 's cheap in price , but also in quality .
 This product is awful awful awful ! I ca n't hear the person on the other end , they ca n't hear me , the jack does n't stay plugged into my jack , and the earpiece does n't stay in my ear . Also , I only received one earpiece , not like the photo shows . I would return this , but it is n't worth the time or money .
 Not only did I not receive what I ordered , but the attempt to fix the problem left me even more unsatisfied . I was e-mailed by the costumer service rep , offering me a free Bluetooth headset . I thought they were doing a great job at this point , and I was excited to be able to resolve the problem . I sent them an e-mail back saying that although I would love a free Bluetooth headset I would prefer the product that I was looking for . I wanted an ear piece for a walkie talkie that had a wrap around holder instead of just an ear-bud . Not only did they basically ignore my e-mail , but they sent me an e-mail about a month later asking if my issue was resolved . I sent an e-mail back telling them that they obviously did not read my e-mail . I attached the e-mail and asked them to please read it . That was a week ago , and I have not heard anything back . I 'm assuming in a month I 'll get another e-mail asking if the issue was resolved . Do not buy from this company , you will be disappointed .
 I 've got a very soft voice , so generally have to pick earpieces that pick up a lot . I was replacing aPlantronics mx150 Verizon wired Hands-Free w / call end , answer & Voice Dialingthat I 'd had for about 3 years . I chose this thinking it was going to be as good . Unfortunately , no one could hear me on it.As far as in the ear comfort goes , I thought it was going to be better than the under the lobe support . I normally talk for hours in the evening and I was getting a little bothered by the original one . Unfortunately , this was less comfortable , and I felt like I was getting an earache after a few days of using it . I tried to use the over the ear support but the little connector snapped the first time I tried to connect it . -LRB- And yes , I was trying to be careful . -RRB- Switching ears was a pain as well since you had to line up the inner part with the boom.Personally , I trashed this and bought another of the Plantronics when I upgraded my phone last month .
 Jabra C150 Headset for 2.5 mm Universal Headset PlugShould 've researched further
 sound quality is great , but wires are super thin and weak . plastic is thin.jabra has designed these to fail . it will last just over a month . i guess they expect everyone to buy 6 per year.i have purchased several and all have broken even being really careful . the ear piece may pull out the speaker and snap the wire . the plug that connects to the phone may break internally rendering the speaker or mic non-functional .
 After a couple months of use , the earpiece had separated from the main body its internal wiring became disconnected . The device was no longer functional . I would recommend a more durable headset .
 I had purchased similar ones through Office Depot before so i thought these would be a good buy . However , i could n't get my phone to increase enough volume to hear a conversation with these.The headset in the picture has 6 ear pieces they only sent three-Not sure why ? I Wo n't purchase from OEM again.I feel like I got short changed .
 This product was nice when it worked ; I especially liked the comfort of the earbuds . However , it stopped working after a few months .
 This was not the item I ordered . Sent 2 emails requesting help . NO response . Went to local electronics store and purchased right item . They never had the courtesy to respond .
 The diameter of the piece that sits in your ear is huge with the attached disposable covers . I did n't think I had small ear canals , but this was painful after a few minutes . The sound was acceptable for the price . I removed the plastic cover and it fit much better , but the edges are not smooth and intended for usage without the covers . I also purchased a Plantronics version and am much happier with that one . Same price point . I threw out this one .
 This fell apart after one use , and the person I called could n't even hear me when it was n't broken to pieces . VERY disappointed ! : -LRB-
 Hard to hear and hard to be heard ... uncomfortable , cheap , the part that wraps around your ear broke in ten seconds ... literally . dont buySpend a little on something better that will actually last ...
 I think the microphone on this was broken . I could hear people but no one could hear me . It was cheap so I did n't bother trying to return it . You get what you pay for .
 I use these in my car if I need to take a call . This arrived looking used , and it did not work.For the few bucks I paid , it is not worth the trouble to return it . I threw it out .
 The ear peaces are too big for the average ear . The over-ear hook is not sufficient enough to keep the ear peace close to the ear . Over all it feels cheap , and I found them non-functional . Do not waste your money !
 This unit does half the job required.The sound in my ear is very good , clear , no problems.The sound in the ear of whoever I talked with was unacceptable.The speaker phone worked better than this headset , so what was the point?I bought several of these , thinking to stock up , and threw them all in the trash.I replaced this unit with a plantronics headset that has a similar earpiece , and an extension on the mic that sounds better than the speakerphone.Don ' t waste you money on this poor design .
 Received item relatively quickly . It was packaged in a ziplock type bag and appeared used . Tested with cell phone , microphone worked but could not hear the caller at all , the earphone seems defective . Disappointed with purchase and returning .
 THIS IS NOT WHAT I ORDERED THE PLUG IS TO SMALL FOR ANYTHING AND THERE IS NO CUSHION ... I WANT A REFUND ... THIS IS NOT WAT I ORDERED
 The gel ear thing is simply unbelievably uncomfortable and it hurts to wear the thing with nothing at all . The seller just entirely neglected to send me foam thing . It 's barely worth my time to even return it for the $ 4 , but I 'm going to because I 'll never use this thing . The product seems cheap , but it is $ 4 so no complaints there . The seller just stinks for not including the foam thing .
 Item sent was not what was pictured . Specifically wanted headset with the hook to go around the ear . Picture showed this type of headset . Instead , I received headset that was ear buds only . Price was too inexspensive to send back .
 very difficult to fit the clear rubber attachment into the ear canal.I tried to take the rubber attachment off , but the cap fall off together and broke one of 2 wires.The seller sent me the replacement and I tried again . This time I only tried to carefully rotate the rubber attachment in order to fit into ear , but slight rotation also break the cap off and break the wire.I had to return the product as I could not find a way to use it and it breaks so easily .
 This must set a record for the fastest time to demise of a product . I received the package -LRB- well-wrapped -RRB- in the mail about three minutes ago . I opened up the bubble wrap to find the headset in a little plastic bag . I reached in to the plastic bag to pull the headset out , when the silicone caught on the corner of the plastic bag . I was pulling it out of the bag with two fingers reaching into a plastic bag , and the head assembly ripped off . I do n't know if it was defective to begin with , but in all fairness to the seller it tore in my hands so I am not going to raise a stink about it . This is a useless piece of plastic that went from postal envelope to trash in about fifteen seconds when I realized what I had done.Also be warned that the image is misleading . It came with only one silicone attachment .
 The delivery was fast , but as soon as I received this ear piece , I was VERY disappointed!The ear piece in the picture is NOT the ear piece that was sent to me via mail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The piece that actually goes into your ear was a long , clear , rubber attachment piece , which was very hard to place into my ear canal . Also , there was no over the ear piece , which the picture clearly shows the headset having a plastic piece that goes over your ear 's cartilage.The quality of the ear piece I also received was absolutely horrible . I had n't even made the first phone call with it yet and the piece that goes inside of my ear canal broke apart and the wires snapped . I will never buy this product again ! It was a waste of my time and money !
 This model , the C150 , is one of 4 Jabra headsets I have ordered . I continued to try different Jabra models because the ear piece is by far the most comfortable and best sound quality I have ever used , however , all 4 Jabras had very poor microphone quality . With each one , the persons on the other end could not hear me . Disappointed . I found that it worked well with a cell phone , but not with a cordless phone .
 I bought this for $ 30 from Best Buy . What a waste of money!The ear gels are comfortable at first , but after an hour or so , your ear starts to really hurt from it.The sound quality is TERRIBLE ! People I am talking to sound very muddled and overly loud , even on the lowest volume setting on my Motorola v300.What is worse , people I am talking to hear me very poorly . They say there is so much background noise it sounds like I am in a noisy bar , even when I 'm just sitting in my car . People can barely hear me over the background noise racket .
 This case is not ideal for use with the Dell Venue Pro . Not only does it not allow for use of the sliding keypad , but the clasp which holds the case shut seems flimsy at best , and I anticipate that with the first drop , the clasp would separate , opening the case and sending the phone crashing to it 's doom.I work in Afghanistan , and live perpetually on a construction site layered with rock and concrete . I can not affort for my phone to hit the ground out of the case . I am not confident in this product and will not be using it at all . With limited functionality and dubious protection , the BoxWave case is not armor worth wearing .
 I have owned the Palm Tx for almost a year and a half and have owned two of these cases -LRB- one sent back because it was defective -RRB- . The case is supposed to protect from drops , but like the reviewer above said , the lining is thin and does not work . I dropped the Tx only a few feet off a pile of books I was carrying and it broke the LCD screen , even though it was in a hard aluminum case . The case did nothing to protect from shock , and now I am out $ 130 to repair the screen . Do not buy this case if you think you may dropped your TX ... buy bubble wrap instead !!!!!!!!
 The response from the seller to my negative comment on July 26 , 2007 had nothing to do with the issue I had not receiving the CD driver . I did finally hear back from the seller but got nothing but rude replies to my e-mails . They treat people like they are stupid and seemed more concerned about having the negative comment removed instead of being concerned about my issue . On top of not receiving the CD driver , the car charger broke the third time I ever used it . It was all a waste of my time and money . After not receiving the CD driver , the car charger breaking a few days later and the rude service , I opted out of the items being replaced . What guaruntee do I have that the replacement will have the CD driver or the car charger wo n't break again , and having to wait , again , for them to ship the replacements . It 's not worth it . I would not recommend purchasing from this seller .
 First of all my charger was stole I went to target to get something , so that I could charge my phone I did not have it for even a week , when the charger shorted out , I had to twist and turn , hang the phone upside down , I have a co-worker , who uses the same charger , she also went to Target to get a new charger same thing happened the charger shorted out and we had to play with to get it to work , to different people , to charger brought in store states a part , I took my the charger back to Target ! We spent $ 16.00 for it , some would say you get what you pay for , but this was just careless , on the . Company level .
 I got this for a LG VX3300 to use primarily as a charger from my work desktop . The one positive
 Junk - Absolutely JUNKI have had 2 within the last year the second one going junk just recently . Instead of charging my phone it DRAINS the battery . - JUNK !!! I got the piece of JUNK from a JUNK SAMS Store outlet.I tried to get a replacement -- That worked like a snowball in HELL .
 The item I purchased was an iGo phone charger . The item does work , but the product I received looks to be an older model of the iGo charger . I have had a wall iGo charger in the past . The photo was exactly like the one I used to own . However , what I received was totally different . And it also had lots of scratches on it , definitely a sign that it is NOT a new item . I 'm very disappointed with this product/seller . I will be VERY hesitant -LRB- if I EVER -RRB- order from this seller ever again .
 The only reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is that it does , in fact charge the phone . As long as it stays plugged in . Which is not very often . Of course I think it was on sale for one cent so you get what you pay for .
 I ca n't complain about shipping , it was really fast . But i get the thing i plug it in , use it 1 time . The 2nd time i plug it in , the metal piece that plugs into the phone , jams back inside the plastic housing that was holding it , making a freakin paper weight . Cheap piece of crap
 I would refrain from buying anything from Jabra again in the future unless it was absolutely necessary . I received a defectve model ; it does not charge no matter what steps are taken . The plastic is simply cheap and flimsy for $ 50 as well . The company 's tech support is also sorely lacking ; 8-5 Monday through Friday does not help someone who receives their headset through the mail after work Friday . Do NOT let this be your first headset , because such a shoddy product and such poor customer service was enough to turn me away from this type of product now .
 I bought this item and hearing is great but the people ca n't hear me on the other end . I wouldnt recommend this .
 Absolutely , utterly , phenomenally , completely useless ! This is a slightly different design than the Jabra that I have used for years and , being the same brand of device and just a slightly different looking design , I thought that it would be comparable ... NOT !!! All I get from the people I am trying to talk to is , `` What ? '' and `` Where are you ? What 's all that noise ? '' `` What ?! '' I highly recommend AGAINST anyone buying this piece of junk and I think that Jabra should be ashamed of themselves for selling it !
 I used the older version of this model -LRB- without the call button -RRB- for years , and it was GREAT ... until it broke . I order this one and it 's virtually useless . After playing with it for a while and making a handful of calls of people saying `` What ? '' `` What was that ? '' `` I ca n't hear you . '' I tossed it in the trash.For the past couple months I 've been using the Plantronic MX256-X1 . It 's alright , but I 'm still on the lookout for a good one .
 Headset did not work out of box . According to their returns policy it will cost me more money than I spent to try and get a credit . With what they charge for shipping , they basically stole my $ 7 as far as I 'm concerned .
 I bought this along with a 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm converter for my BlackBerry curve phone . It does not work at all . The person on the other end of the phone can hear me , but I cant here anything . Since its totally useless , I returned it .
 The earpiece does not fit properly on mt ears and ehrnever I talk , people on other side complain that I am not audible.finally decided to buy another one .
 All my bluetooth headsets were not performing well . Several cell phone reps suggested a corded headset . This one seemed to get get good reviews , but truly , it was uncomfortable and the sound quality was poor at best . I would pass on this and try something else .
 this headset does n't work on my Samsung M240 Sprint cell phone even though it fit . There is no output sound in the ear piece , so you ca n't hear the caller , however mic sound worked fine - other side can hear you , but you ca n't hear other side ! It either could be incompatible or defected .
 Mine is going back . Sound quality from the microphone is muddy almost unintelligible.Earpiece is comfortable and reception seems fine .
 I 've had one of these for about 3 years and LOVE it ! It 's perfect and provides a much better sound than Bluetooth . After three years , though , I 've had to repair with electrical tape , so I decided to buy a replacement . HOWEVER , the replacement DOES NOT WORK . It 's exactly the same brand & model as the one I wanted to replace , so there must just be a defect in the new one . I am bummed . However , the seller has been willing to reconcile the problem .
 Note
 It will vary by individual but it did n't fit my ear . It was also in a small plastic bag so who knows where it came from . What do you expect for the price which I ca n't complain about .
 Ordered this for a Nokia phone , unfortunately it does not work with said phone , even though the description said it was for Nokia . Oh well .
 The order came incomplete . HiTechCloseouts promised to send out the items but nothing has arrived . Amazon will not intervene yet they promote these vendors !!!
 A leading consumer magazine recently awarded the JABRA EarWave boom headset its highest recommendation . I can not imagine why . To hear with it at all , I must hold the `` ear gel '' speaker in my ear canal with my thumb . The microphone ends up over three inches from my mouth , and people on the other end can not hear me . I 'm going back to my one-size-fits-all cheapie from the discount store . Color me very disappointed .
 Item did not work for me . It had no packaging at all , just thrown into a small ziploc bag . it did n't even come with the extra earbuds that I know comes with this product when new .
 I bought 2 of these miserable pieces of sh ** here . You should of seen the packaging when it arrived . They were in plastic zip lock bags for the love of God . One of them worked and the other one I bought to give as a birthday present to my friend DID NOT work . I contacted the seller about it and STILL have not gotten a response . These kinds of sellers do not belong on Amazon the way I feel about it . Avoid this seller at all costs and I mean that literally .
 This item is horrible , I could n't fit it on my head , a headset it supposed to do that . Also , the mouth piece and the ear piece are so close together I could n't even put the ear bit in my ear . Overall , this item is a piece of crap . I demand a refund
 Plug this in . Sometimes it connects ; sometimes it does n't . I hear callers just fine , but they ask if I am in the bathroom when I wear this.If I leave it plugged into the earphone jack of my phone , it somehow manages to turn my phone off after a few minutes of non-use . I would send it back , but my total cost was only $ 3 . My phone is an older Motorola v365 , and I 'm sticking with to my BluetoothPlantronics 510 -LSB- Retail Packaging -RSB- . Maybe this can be an emergency backup .
 This did n't work very well at all , poor audio quality , not worth the few dollars it costs . I did ' t even bother returning it , which is a shame , because electronic junk is a real bane .
 I found this ear piece to be very uncomfortable and the sound quality poor . I was hoping to find a version like a pricier Panasonic headset . The photo looks similar , but there is no comparison . I guess you really do get what you pay for . I tried this for a week , and now it never gets used .
 This product needs to be shipped in better packaging so that it does not suffer damage in shipping . That being said , the one I received did not allow me talk to people , yet I could hear them . The Microphone was defective . The seller refunded my money.I would recommend this seller and would purchase from again .
 So I ordered 2 of these for $ 6.50 and I thought they would be ok mics . Nooo . These mics broke as soon as they left the package . I could here out of them perfectly but the mic part was not working for both of them . If you plan on ordering this mic because it 's cheap , do n't be fooled . Order something else .
 The ear piece seemed to work pretty well , but the voice quality from the microphone was quite poor , unclear and seemed to almost echo .
 Buy or get a freebee $ 5 headset and it would be 10 times better . I sounded like I was in a deep tunnel when I finally heard my vm greeting ! Not to mention the complaints I received from the receiving parties . Boom makes no sense ; ends at my cheek and does n't feel secure at all in ear . Why they released this with obvious quality issues is a mystery . Tried it with both cell and cordless . same same
 Like so many items of this type , it has a low quality . The microphone worked , but the earphone part did not work at all .
 Bought one of these along with a couple of Plantronics headsets close in price . This was by far the worst of the 3 , I found it unusable . Spend a buck or two more and get something that works .
 I do not understand how anyone could possibly give this piece of junk a good or even fair rating.I bought the one for .99 cents - probably my first bad move - Anyway - I ordered it so as to not have radio air waves transmitting radiation in or near my head - Well , when I got it and tried to put it in my ear it simply would not go at the angle it is molded . The entire piece is unilateral - Most blue tooth devices curve around the ear and then the part that goes in your ear is perpendicular -LRB- faces the opposite direction/goes in sideways -RRB- to enter your ear at a perpendicular angle . To illustrate this another way - the curved piece fit over my ear ok although that too was too big and kept swinging around and falling off my ear -RRB- - but then the part that goes into your ear faced the same direction as the curved piece - straight ahead - Total waste of money - but I figured for .99 cents -LRB- PLUS $ 5.00 shipping -RRB- they did n't stick me too badly - it 's been laying in the backseat of my car ever since . Trying to think of someone to give it to who might have a deformed ear and can use it . ?! @DON ' T BUY THIS DEFORMED PRODUCT - YOU 'LL WASTE YOUR MONEY!t .
 I do n't know why I chose another Jabra product . Maybe I was seduced by the price , which was about $ 4 . In any case , I was overcharged , as the product is , like most Jabra products , completely unfit for use.The headset ships with several gelcaps , none of which will fit inside the ear . They are uncomfortable and require constant adjusting . But that is minor compared to the over-the-ear design of the the headset . It just does n't go over the ear ! I 've tried every which way and every possible contortion is either extremely uncomfortable , or the boom is pointing up and backwards , or both . There were no instructions with the earpiece so maybe there is a secret trick known only to a select few.Anyway , I gave up on this product in disgust . The good news
 I just bought this as an alternative to my bluetooth headset . Unfortunately , I can barely hear anything even when the sound on my phone is turned to maximum . The set does NOT come with a volume control so it is useless to me now . I was surprised by the poor quality given the number of positive reviews.There were no mentions of the very poor sound quality and how awkward the headset is to use . My advice , do not waste your money .
 I purchased the C250 along with a Samsung BlueTooth for my wife . Unfortunately , I should n't have been so cheap -- the Bluetooth -LRB- also from Amazon -RRB- was only about $ 20 , and the Jabra was a only a few dollars . I figured I would leave the cheap unit that does n't need to be recharged in my car . The Jabra never worked with any of the cell phones in my family . A little quality-control could have ensured that customers receive a functioning product . I am not sure if the Jabra I purchased was new , used , or returned since it arrived in a plain , unmarked , unsealed plastic baggie with no documentation .
 I purchased two of these . When I received them , one did not work at all , so I returned it immediately . The other one `` appeared '' to work , however , I 've used this product less than a month and I am getting complaints that my voice breaks up and sounds muffled when I 'm using this headset . I do n't recommend this product due to the poor quality and dependability of this item .
 So , the headset fit pretty comfortably and the sound was great . The only problem was everytime I used it nobody on the other end could hear me ! I ended up returning it for a body glove headset that works great .
 The fit of the unit is disappointing . Only if held firmly in the ear -LRB- by hand , but that sort of defeats the hands-free feature , does n't it ? -RRB- cancalls be heard .
 This was uncomfortable to wear and hard to hear , but is suitable if you have no other device to talk on your portable phone and are n't in a noisy area .
 I bought the Jabara C250 EarWave Boom Headset 2.5 mm from Happy Cellular . This was my first time buying from Happy Cellular and my last . I didnt buy this product blindly off Amazon / Happy Cellular . I did my research at a local Verizon store for my specific phone and merely looked up retailers that offered the same . After a 2 week wait , it arrived . I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked . I brought it into my local store and was told I picked the right model but it was essentially defective . Upon filing a claim , Happy Cellular did live up to one aspect of happiness
 I gave up and threw mine away when it would not work correctly on any device . Ear phones on one , Mic on another . Poor Quality . I expected better from Jabra !
 I was looking for a cheap xbox headset and found this which it turned out was meant for a cellphone and had terrible quality through the xbox . I tried it on my phobe and it was still very bad . Take this out of the Xbox mic search results and off the market
 This product is horrible I have had it for about a week and it is already not working properly . I am going to send it back if I can find the paperwork .
 sound is too low volume . I 've used 2 or 3 different earpieces on the same phone and this one is the worst . Directional little rubber dealy does n't help and seems to direct sound into the skin on my ear rather than toward the ear drum itself.Maybe it will fit someone else 's ear better.I still use it , when I ca n't find any other one .
 Do not buy this headset ! You will not be able to be heard on other end . You get what you pay for . Turned around and bought a Panasonic headset . They at least work good . Make sure you get something that has a extended microphone that reaches almost to your mouth!Steve S
 This model , the C250 EarWave Boom , is one of 4 Jabra headsets I have ordered . I continued to try different Jabra models because the ear piece is by far the most comfortable and best sound quality I have ever used , however , all 4 Jabras had very poor microphone quality . With each one , the persons on the other end could not hear me . Disappointed . I ended up getting the Ge Tl26593 Earset Microphone by Jasco , which has been the best so far .
 I do n't know whether to return the two I purchased or simply send them to the landfill . When I connected my headset to my Blackberry I could barely , repeat barely , hear anything . After a few minutes it completely died and there was nothing I could do to get it back to where it was the first time I tried it out of the box .
 I ordered three Jabra C250 EarWave Boom Headsets for 2.5 mm Plugs . One for the house and two for each of my cars . However , only 2 out of 3 worked when I first tried them . It was too much of a bother to return the one that did n't work . Now I use the other two . They are ok . I feel like I have to talk louder than usual though .
 Absolutely useless , since there was no sound in the earpiece . Wish they had charged a little more and invested in testing the item before shipping it out . What a waste of my time .
 The ear piece in this product produced no sound . Also , it did n't fit right and I do n't even see how someone could use it . It does n't seem to fit around my ear and very awkward to even try . Too cheap to return , so just throw it away and write it off as a loss .
 The JAB C510 does not work with the IPhone 4 and I know the C250 does because I have one already . Be careful to see what you actually receive from these folks .
 The part where it says : `` For all phones with a standard 2.5 mm headset input '' I guess `` all '' in this case means all 2.5 mm inputs except for Nokia phone 's 2.5 mm inputs
 The price was right and the delivery was quick . It was not the same , however , as the Jabra C250 purchased at Walmart . The one purchased at Walmart was more but it has an `` answer/end button '' located on the earpiece . That is a really great feature . Because the model number is exactly the same , I assumed it would be the same .
 I bought one of these as my first hands-free and absolutely loved it . Unfortunately it stopped working after a bit over a year . I thought it was a fluke and bought a second one . That one lasted me 8 months . The company claims this is normal and wo n't give any kind of refund/credit/etc -- they say it 's not defective . If that 's the case , then I strongly recommend NOT buying this unit . It should definitely last far longer than that -- I only used mine approx 4 hrs/wk while they lasted and I consider that light use . Good luck .
 I ordered this and a plantronics from the same vendor . I love the plantronics , with a comfortable intuitive fit , that is well designed with acceptable sound quality . This , on the other hand , is a fumbled design . For the life of me , I do n't understand how this is even remotely supposed to function as an earpiece . Therefore , I do n't know anything about the sound quality and probably will never know if it even works , as I 've exhausted all the time I have for such nonsense . A big thumbs down on this one .
 I was excited to get this product until it broke in my hand as soon as I opened it and got it out from the bag . I taped the ear piece back together but I ca n't hear a damn thing . I 'm not sure if it is b/c of the ear piece being broken or if it is poor quality . I would not try this product again . I looked at newer versions from the same company but they all look poorly made .
 I found the unit hard to position comfortably , but that did n't really matter since it broke in the first twenty minutes of use . Broke meaning that the earpiece stopped producing sound at all . Based on the 170 + reviews out there , most of them quite positive , this might well be a great product and I simply got a bad unit . However , it 's just not worth the time and hassle to return it and find out .
 I have purchased maybe half a dozen of these Jabra things since 2006 . They work well enough but they always eventually crap out . I do n't mishandle or over use them particularly , either , they just crap out after awhile . They 're fine if you can reconcile yourself to having to replace them periodically.Last time I bought multiples and the last one just died . There do n't appear to be any particularly high quality , over/under the ear wired cell phone headsets out there , but I decided it was time to try something else.The plantronics unit costs more and got generally more favorable reviews , although they seem to crap out periodically , too . Oh , well . Got ta choose from what 's out there .
 I was slightly disappointed with the design of this product . It 's hard to get the earpiece to stay put comfortably . Awkward to use compared to similar products .
 Gee , it would be great if I could review the correct product . You know , the one I ordered . That 's not what I received . And since , I 've had a hell of a time getting any satisfaction from this seller . Then , I reviewed the buyer comments on this seller -LRB- many many scathing reviews -RRB- and realized I never should 've bought from this seller to begin with . BUYER BEWARE . The company has since told me they sent the correct product -LRB- and that it was delivered to my home -RRB- . I can promise you it was not . I can also promise you that if I had the correct product in hand , I would n't be spending my time and energy complaining about this . I 'd be done with that seller once and for all . As it turns out , I 'm not . And that 's a real drag .
 Bottom line
 Save up the money you would spend on bi-monthly replacements and buy yourself a Bluetooth . I was delighted when I first got it because it seemed to be able to pick up my voice even though the little microphone arm does n't even reach halfway down my cheek , but apparently I was loud in my excitement , because every conversation that followed using this device went something like `` What ? '' `` What ? '' `` I did n't hear you , what did you say ? '' `` Huh ? '' It looks kinda cool , but it 's actually sized for a rather large ear and gives me two headaches
 This headset is stiff , does n't fit completely in my ear , and the sound quality is awful . Now I know why it was so cheap . Do n't bother !
 Like other reviews the headset is very hard to hear . Even in a quiet room it is hard to hear the other person , the volume is turned all the way up . People say they can hear me fine .
 The sound quality is good and it fits nicely and it is light.However I must have bought at least 10 of this and each one lasted a couple of month or so and then it did ' t work any more . It is more like a disposable item .
 I bought this headset because I had purchased a Jabra ear bud headset for my cell phone and I love it . I needed a headset for my regular phone since I spend a lot of time on conference calls . The headset was very reasonably priced , but the first time I used it , the people on the call said I sounded like I was in a tunnel and muffled . Needless to say I 'm no longer using it .
 I have owned three of these . When they worked , they were great . Then , about a year from purchase , they just die . I liked this Jabra so well I bought it again , and again . But no more.My rating is based on my frustration of the third one dying.Surely a headset should last more than a year!Now I 'm trying the Plattronics 510 . I hope it lives up to its Amazon reviews .
 This headphone is awful . The boom barely goes to my jaw , and NOBODY can hear me on it . They also hurt my ears . I 've never experienced this sort of problem with any other headphone , including small ones . Spend your money on something else - these simply do n't do the job .
 This product is of horrible quality - while I like that there is a pick-up/hang-up button on the mouthpiece and it is somewhat comfortable , there was a lot of static/background noise for whomever you are speaking with . I could not hear it , but I had numerous complaints from the people on the other end of the line . Save yourself the $ 2.88 and buy the Plantronics headset that is around the same price and works 100 times better !
 I bought two of these Jabra headsets . Neither of them worked with the two phonesI tried them on . I could n't hear * anything * with either of them . Although callerscould hear me . I bought another headset , which worked fine .
 This Headset is difficult to adjust for a proper fit of the earpiece and microphone . It 's uncomfortable . Unless the shape of my head is unusual , I would not recommend it .
 I received my Jabra C250 and when I went to use it for the first time , -LRB- 3 or 4 days after it had arrived -RRB- it did not work . I 've had a good experience with using my Jabra bt250v for many years , but the Jabra C250 did not keep that positive experience going and I 'm returning it to amazon this week .
 I ordered two of this item . One works fine , the other does not work at all ! I am taking a chance and ordering one more due to the minimal cost .
 Just received it today from A1 Accessories . I bought it solely to use on xbox live so I would n't have to keep moving my other headset that I use for work -LRB- I work at home -RRB- . My friends kept asking me to repeat myself . One said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me -LRB- no lie -RRB- . I switched back to the other headset and I was back to crystal clarity . After that , I threw this one in the trash . . Good thing it only cost me $ 5 or so .
 I recently purchased this item because of the high user ratings but it was ineffective when driving on the highway . I 'm thinking the mouthpiece is too far away when there is heavy traffic . It worked fine for the first few days and then listeners kept telling me they could n't hear me because of the static . I stopped using it . It was very comfortable though . So if you do rural driving primarily , maybe this does warrant a high rating .
 The earpiece did n't work right out of the box . Tried it on a couple of different iPhones which worked with our current wired and Bluetooth earpieces , but could n't hear a thing from the Jabra . Returned it the same day .
 Decent sound in the ear but microphone sound quality was TERRIBLE . Everyone I talk to says I sound like I am at the bottom of a mine when I use this thing . Pure garbage .
 A few years ago , I purchased a Jabra C250 along with my phone . I was quite happy with it - the fit around the ear was comfortable and the sound quality was good . Then two weeks ago , it just died in the middle of a call . Since I had trouble finding an earpiece that fit comfortably before , I decided to purchase the same model again as a replacement.Unfortunately the new Jabra C250 I received from Amazon about a week ago is not of the same quality . Even with the volume turned all the way up , I can barely hear the other person . The sound quality is also not as sharp . I did notice that it said &#34; Made in China &#34; on the package , which is never a good sign . And the price was suspiciously low . I guess you get what you pay for . I 'll be looking for a new earpiece .
 I complained about the first Jabra C250 because I could not get it to work . I plugged it into a Panasonic portable phone and did several test calls . There was no sound at all coming through the earphone . I asked for a refund , but they sent me a second headset . It did nothing either . I pressed the button on the mouthpiece several times , still no response . I also plugged it into a cell phone & a different portable . No sound came through those either .
 I bought this earpiece to plug into my Xbox 360 controller and it has had difficulty maintaining crisp , clear audio . For the price it was worth trying , but I would n't purchase another one .
 I received this product and it was n't the one in the picture and the ear piece had ear wax left inside the rubber part !! My invoice said it was NEW and nothing about it look NEW ! After i cleaned it , it did n't work at all . I had this product before and that worked fine . I order another one because i wanted two , for may two headsets .
 This earpiece was a great idea , but the main issue with it is that it has no noise reduction , and that it begins to crackle too easily when my arm or body part gets in between it and the phone . Some may say that 's normal , but NO -- there are plenty Motorolas and Sony-Erricsons that have stronger connectivity that do n't crackle as easy when obstructed , so do n't buy into that line .
 I really liked it . Fit well , felt secure ... stopped charging after about 3 months for no reason . Website was no help , instructions were no help . My $ 20 Motorola still works . Back to shopping ...
 I loved the BT500 while it lasted , but after about two months it stopped working altogether . It no longer charges . Unlike some of the more fortunate people , since mine took 60 days , rather than 30 days , to stop working Amazon did nothing for me but refer me to a manufacturer 's number that does not work.This is the second Jabra I have had that malfunctioned , and I plan to use another brand rather than throw more money down the drain .
 I bought this headset as a replacement for the Jabra BT250V and I 'm somewhat disappointed . The fit is n't as nice , the connection between the power cable and headset feels fragile and is not a true USB connection -LRB- requires proprietary charging cable -RRB- and the headset no longer vibrates when the phone rings , which was a handy way of quickly locating the headset . All in all , its not as good as the BT250V for which I was very fond .
 The purpose for having a Bluetooth earphone is for convenience . In fact , it should allow you to place your cellphone within 6 feet , and give you clear and effective performance . Do n't expect that from this particular model.I put the unit in my right ear , put my Razor cellphone in my left shirt pocket , and guess what ... I have severe static ! That 's a range of no more than 24 inches ... and I promise , I do n't have a metal plate in my head.On top of poor range , the unit picks up ambient noise to the point that my voice comes across to the listener as `` distorted , muffled or otherwise uncomfortable to listen to ... `` I 'm on hold right now with Jabra , and have been for 10 minutes , listening to background MUSAK ! It 's almost as annoying as using the unit ! My last point of assistance will be to call Verizon ; I paid $ 100 retail about 8 months ago , and was told I was getting the best unit they had . I 'm old enough to know better ! ------------- Written Sat. , Aug. 25 , ' 07 -------------- OK ... Last week , I chatted with a very sympathetic cust . srvc . mngr. , who issued a return goods authorization . I shipped the unit back to Jabra in NH , and am expecting an upgraded version . While I did n't expect agreement that the 500 was inherently a bad design , I sensed that it was not up to their usual standards . I also own their bluetooth receiver adapter unit , which I 've used with my hardline phone handsets . Since putting all my bluetooth aside early this year , I do n't remember if it was any good ? But then , the headset that transmitted to the adapter receiver was the BT-500 , so I 'll have to wait for the new headset to make any fair judgement .
 The sound is good and the controls are easy to use , but if the headset is out of range of the phone and loses the connection , you must go back in to the connection function of the phone to reconnect . My old headset would reconnect with the touch of one button on the headset . Due to the hassle to reconnect , I would not buy this headset again .
 I used it for less than a week and charged it 3 times . On the fourth try the green light disappeared and it would n't turn on.I bought this because i loved the Jabra 250 and I still use it , as a matter of fact.I was just really disappointed that something like this -LRB- for the price I paid for it -RRB- would just stop working for no good reason.I should 've bought the plantronics.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to my BT250 ; especially the ability to charge the unit in my car . While the charging feature is convenient and the button functions are slightly easier , where it counts -LRB- performance -RRB- the BT500 just is n't as good . It has a difficult time maintaining a good , clear , connection with my Mogul while I have no problems keeping same when using the BT250 . It is , therefore , a disappointment .
 I used the BT500 with my BlackBerry for nearly two years before replacing it with thePlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint Technology -LSB- Retail Packaged -RSB- . At first I thought that the BT500 's key limitation -- amplification of ambient noise -- was common to all Bluetooth headsets . This is why I persisted in using the BT500 , even though people on the other end of the line would constantly tell me to call them once I reached a landline because the road noise was unbearable whenever I 'd be speaking from a moving car . Then I thought perhaps it was my Volvo S70 , which has a somewhat louder interior cabin than other cars.Finally , however , I decided to try the Plantronics headset -- this has made all the difference . The complaints have ceased , and now people can not tell whether I am in my car or not , even when I am at high speeds on freeways . One additional benefit is that the Plantronics 's range is much greater ; I can leave my BlackBerry in one place and venture quite a bit further than I ever could with the BT500 , without experiencing any disruption in my connection.The only benefit I see to the BT500 is that its slug-like styling is a bit cooler than the Plantronics , which makes you look slightly more like a customer service rep.
 Paired with a Motorola Razr V3c . It does nothing but crackle and make noise when phone is within 2 feet of the unit ! This may work with other motorola phones but it did n't with mine . -LRB- Note
 The first unit I purchased would not take a charge . No big deal , replace the unit for $ 6 in shipping and a two week wait . The second unit worked fine for about a month . Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping . Yes , I followed the instruction manual each time I re-paired it . It would work fine for a day then drop again . Now it wo n't pair at all and I 'm finished . In the time I 've spent messing with this thing I could have bought 3 of them ! There wo n't be a third unit .
 I gave it 1 star for the design . Totally incompatible with the Samsung A900 . Frustrating .
 Bought a BT500 to go along with my Samsung i730 . Used to love Jabra corded products but this is the last BT I 'll buy from them . After straightening out a related software problem on the i730 , I got the BT500 to activate voice dial , answer phone , and hang up , but I could barely understand what was being said . Ca n't call it ` static ' per se , as it 's a digital device , but it sounded like crinkling paper or something , and this is with the phone less than 3 feet away with clear line of sight ! No rhyme or reason for it , did n't matter where I was or if I was moving , no wind blowing across the mic . Voice dialing was an adventure and it had great difficulty with digit dial , even once the phone was trained . Ended up returning it and getting a nXZEN Plus which is much better .
 Voice dialing did not work on my T-Mobile SDA phone -LRB- Windows Mobile 5 device -RRB- . This is absolutely unexceptable since I had a plantronics where voice dialing worked just fine . Will be returning it and finding a better brand .
 The main reason I chose this unit was that it 's hyped as USB compatible . Do n't be mislead here
 I purchased this headset to replace the Jabra 250 that I had for years and worked superbly until it recently started refusing to pair with my new phone . Assuming this was simply the newer version of the same model , I purchased it without hesitation . What a mistake ! For some reason , the sensitivity level on the 500 model is exponentially greater than on its predecessor . Although you might think that 's a good thing , believe me - it 's not . When I drive in the car -LRB- with the windows closed , the AC off , and on local roads -RRB- people on the other line say that they can barely hear what I 'm saying , even though I 'm actually almost yelling ! They say it sounds like I 'm standing on a very busy street in the city . While inside , even running the water to wash your hands proves to be significantly annoying to those on the other end of the line . Even when the water is not at full pressure , people on the other end of the line say they can barely hear anything I 'm saying . In short , the increased sensitivity is actually a significant detriment to this new model . With regard to weight and general comfort , this model is just as good as the Jabra 250 .
 very bad shape -LRB- very big -RRB- , sound quality is horrible , and it just lasts for 2 months and diedi will never buy jabra any more
 There was a lot of static and it was too bulky . We returned both of them .
 It stopped charging after 15 days I used it . Clearly the units have a production fault , as there are many comments about the same problem .
 I bought the Jabra largely because of the eargel which actually fits into the ear canal . This was important to me because I could not hear my callers when I used wireless headsets such as the Moto H500 which sit on top of the ear.I purchased the BT500 in October 2006 and it paired nicely with my Verizon Audiovox XV6600 . I could hear my callers loudly and clearly and actually got compliments on the sound of the headset from my callers.I learned that line of sight and range are touchy with bluetooth as I do get some static when I hold the phone on the opposite side of my body from which I am wearing the headset or when I move too far away from the headset.The BT500 comes with two sizes of minigel ; the large fits my ear perfectly . The headset is comfortable to wear for long periods of time -LRB- a couple of hours -RRB- , though there is a bit of a learning curve in putting the headset on . Also , one must pay attention to the minigel as it can easily pop off when the headset is being removed from a shirt pocket , say , and the BT500 is quite useless without the minigel.The form factor of the BT500 causes the body of the headset to lie against one 's head and when the hot , hazy , humid days of July arrived and I began to perspire more freely , the BT500 got wet from my sweat.It turns out that the BT500 is not sweat-proof as it stopped working when it got wet . It resumed functioning the next day after having dried out , but my inability to use the headset for the 24 hours or so was annoying , to say the least . After the initial occurence , I naturally took care to not let the headset get wet from the perspiration on my scalp by keeping it in my shirt pocket when not in use.Unfortunately on another day there was enough humidity in my pocket to disable the headset ; and disable it to such an extent that it took a day and a half to dry out and resume functioning -LRB- and it had forgotten my phone and had to be re-paired with it . -RRB- Bottom line is that the BT500 is a lightweight bluetooth headset which works well in dry conditions - if you tend to perspire I would recommend an over-the-ear headset with a speaker which fits into the ear such as the Jabra JX10 -LRB- which I just ordered -RRB- or the Plantronics 645 .
 I bought it expecting it to be much better than the one I 've had for almost two years now . Big disappointment . The static I used to get from the bt250 has not gone away especially when I have my phone in my left pocket of my pants and the headset on my right ear . Also , people tell me my voice sounds remote like I am in a room.This is not acceptable . I am going back to BestBuy to return it . Why pay $ 120 if there 's no added value ?! No doubt , it wraps around your ear very snug unlike the Motorola headsets but there 's virtually no improvements compared to BT250.And let me guess - the next Jabra model would be BT500v for vibrate . I can tell you now - I ai n't buying that one either.I guess it 'll be a while before someone comes up with a headset that 's not static-y but I 'm willing to wait.Roumen .
 Well I have gone through a couple of bluetooth headsets recently . The Jabra BT500 was by far the most comfortable and easiest to place onto my ear . I could wear this headset all day and be very comfortable , as well as just throw it on in a jiffy for a quick call . It 'd be ideal if the sound quality was even fair.But the static ca n't be ignored . I am wearing my phone at my hip and the static is terrible . This is how I mainly want to use the device . If I have the phone out and resting on my truck 's center console , then the sound is much better . But in this situation the phone is probably less than 18 '' from the earpiece.I really wish this set had worked out , because I love how it fits my ear in comfort and ease . I had another set that had great sound but I could n't get it on my ear . Still looking for the perfect headset .
 I loved the Jabra 250 , so when the battery gave out I purchased the BT500 . My family flatly refused to speak with me when I was using it because the sound quality was so terrible for those listening to me speak on it . I would return it if I could . I replaced it with the Jabra PLT 510 , which my family has all approved as night and day better that the BT 500 for listening to .
 I 've now owned the Jabra BT250 , BT250v , and the Jabra BT500 . I suspect those who have nothing but rave reviews for this model have either never used other Jabra models or never had those they 've called compare the difference or know how clear a phone call can be with another model.The first time I made a call from the BT500 to someone who was used to hearing me on the BT250 , they immediately asked , `` Are you on speaker phone ? '' I was given nothing but complaints from those I called about the low quality sound on their end ... all the muffled voice and background noise . I always ended up explaining how I accidentally destroyed my other Jabra and gave this new model a try . I was always told , `` You should buy another one ... the other one you used to use . `` I once even talked to someone who was using this earbud and everything my callers said were true . It DID sound like I was talking to someone who was on a speakerphone!Yes , this item has all the great features ... but when your on the other end of the phone it lacks.I would recommend purchasing the BT250 or BT250v ... for your callers ' sake !
 Pros : I 've had this unit for about a month and so far it 's great . The volume is ample and the mic seems to pick up my voice clearly -LRB- at least no one on the other end is saying they can not hear me -RRB- . It is light-weight and the buttons are easy to find by touch . In combination with my LG Chocolate , voice dialing is a breeze.Con : The headset is a bit on the large side . I thought it would be smaller -LRB- my fault for not reading the specs closely -RRB- . I was looking for a headset that would be completely hidden behind the ear.All in all , two-thumbs up for the BT500.Update May 2009Unfortunately , the headset only lasted as long as the warranty -LRB- 90 days -RRB- . It was great while it worked , but it should have lasted longer under normal use .
 Worked fine until we had a charging problem ... only about 6 weeks old ... will contact Jabra and hope for the best ... sent unit back to Jabra and received a new bluetooth in about a week
 The unit died after approximately an hour of use . It would not take a charge via the wall wart or the USB adapter .
 This headset worked very well under certain circumstances , like being inside a car or building . Outside , the microphone picked up too much wind noise , rendering it useless when holding a 2 way conversation . However , if listening to a conference call , it was easy to mute so that you could listen but not disturb the remainder of the call.Unfortunately it died when the charging plug was inserted backwards -LRB- it is a small plug which appears to be symmetrical , making it very easy to do -RRB- . It should be forgiving enough to survive having the charging plug inserted upside down .
 Can not recommend this product . Never worked very well -LRB- a lot of static even when the phone was just a foot away sometimes -RRB- . Now all it does is turn itself on and off and lock up my phone eventually . Totally worthless after a couple of months .
 We purchased 3 Jabra bluetooth headsets and all 3 are absolutely awful ! - Range is very poor . For example , if the headset is in your right ear and your phone is on your right side , it works . Move the phone to your left and it does n't . Yet a `` line-of-sight '' connection work up to about 15 ft. Still , rather short for bluetooth...-Signal to noise ratio
 I bought this item after giving the BT250v a try -LRB- twice -RRB- for my Treo 650 . Please , Please , I implore you -LRB- unless you are completely deaf or love the sound of Rice Krispies in your ear -RRB- if you have a Treo 650 or any other phone for that matter dont buy JABRA . -LRB- SEE MY OTHER REVIEW ON THE BT250v -RRB-
 The v250 is a much better set , the background noise on the bt500 is way too loud , I know longer have mine as I through it out driving down the road ... . but I must say that the v250 works very good with hardly no background noise .
 I have tried many different bluetooth devices and this one is the worst . I had to hold my phone -LRB- Ipnone -RRB- so close to it I may as well have put my phone to my ear . When my phone was clipped to my belt the BT500 you cut in and out when I was either listening or speaking . While wear the BT500 it was like walking around with your finger in your ear . There are other bluethooth devices that rest on your ear instead of in your ear . I would not reccommend this product .
 It 's BIG . It works , or worked . Wo n't charge at all now but when it did work , people could understand me `` OK '' - not as good as just talking directly into the phone , but when you have to drive or have your hands free ... . Do n't think I 'd buy it again .
 I THOUGHT THIS PRODUCT WAS GREAT UNTIL IT STOPPED WORKING TWO WEEKS LATER . IT WO N'T EVEN TURN ON .
 Sound quality very good , fit and comfort very good . However , the signals between the phone and the headset -LRB- e.g. , the `` voice dial '' beep -RRB- were inconsistent - sometimes there , other times not . After about a month , it would n't turn on . After recharging , it worked , but after trying to recharge again , it would n't charge , and it would n't turn on . Great response from Amazon to replace it . Hope the second one is better than the first .
 Do not waste your money on this product . The vast majority of these fail within months , dying completely and refusing to recharge . Do not be reassured by any review that says Jabra will replace the unit . I was unlucky enough to have mine fail after 16 months - 4 months out of warranty . Jabra technical support indicated that most of these units fail and they will not even take them back for repair . Since mine was out of warranty the best he could offer was a 20 % discount on a replacement model -LRB- discount on Jabra 's full price hence about $ 100 for this unit -RRB- . Now if that is not enough to guide your buying decision , consider the performance of this unit before failure . Its reasonably comfortable , provided looking like an alien as you walk down the street does not cause you discomfort . The incoming sound quality is actually pretty good , which is just as well because do n't figure on doing much outbound speech as you will be largely inaudible to your conversation party . There is no background noise filtering or sound processing worth mentioning and generally people want to keep the calls short because you ca n't be heard above crackles , pops and hiss.So , will I be taking Jabra up on their kind offer of 20 % discount ? Hmmmm - let me think about that - pay $ 50 over the Amazon price to buy a headset with crappy performance that is guaranteed to fail ? NO . Forget Jabra - buy another brand.Read the reviews and count how many people have the charging issue whereby the unit just dies and will not recharge .
 The only good thing about this bluetooth is the way it fits . Other than that , it sucks . Have to have phone literally a foot from the ear piece to eliminate static , it picks up every little sound and magnifies it by 10 causing complaints of background being too loud from the people I 'm talking to . This bluetooth is horrible . Go with plantronics if you want a good bluetooth .
 Let me first say that the sound is good , and that it fits comfortably on the ear . However , I have n't had much time to pay attention to the sound , because my Jabra bt500 , purchased through Verizon , would not hold a charge from the very first day I got it , about 10 days ago . I would have maybe one 15-minute conversation in the car , and the next day , the battery would be dead . This happened a few times , and it never held a charge for more than a 24-hour period , as far as I can tell . Finally , it would not even TAKE a charge , either from the AC adapter or from the USB adapter . The last time I tried , the red light stayed on for about 10 minutes , then went out . That 's the last time it worked at all . No blue light , no sync , no nothing . The charging port is VERY flimsy , but I did n't expect it to break this quickly . I am now trying to contact Jabra for a return or exchange , but there was no response to my email for two days .
 It is a good product but you need to use it in very quite enviornment and make sure that you are being very very quite . It picks up all the sound from around you . I have n't used a headset before but if they are all like this i know i should wait a long time before buying an other one .
 Would not charge either thru USB port or AC Adapter . Not worth effort to try to return through Amazon . Went to local retailer and purchased .
 I originally purchased and received my first new BT500 from Amazon on 5/23/2006 . It was replaced less than 2 months later by Amazon -LRB- 7/21/2006 -RRB- due to it not charging anymore , the LED stays red forever and very dim . The 2nd brand new out of the box unit also failed in less than 2 months with the same problem . I requested a replacement with Jabra at around 9/11/2006 and now this third unit is defected without it ever working . As you can imagine , I am very disappointed , especially because I have never encountered a single problem with my previous two Jabra BT headset - BT200 for 3 + year -LRB- lost -RRB- and BT250v for 1 + year -LRB- still using daily -RRB- . I will keep my finger cross for my 4th unit to last , but if I have a choice , I would not have purchased the BT500 in the first place .
 After three months , I have used the BT500 headset about three weeks . After less than two weeks , it stopped charging from the AC adaptor , and was returned to Jabra under their RMA . It came back 10 days later , but after another week or so it blew again , this time getting very hot and with that distinctive burned circuit board smell . I 've not had a chance to let Jabra replace it again , and am tempted to just throw it away . Too bad , as the ergonomics are very good , the unit sits solidly but lightly over the ear , and the sounds was good when it worked .
 It sounds great on my end , but people on the other end of the conversation kept asking me to disconnect it , because they could not hear what I was saying . So I gave it away . Not worth it . I bought on the advice of Consumer 's Reports , but I can they ca n't always hit a home run .
 Nice slim design and fit . Battery lasts all day . Ear plugs fall off too easy . Wind noise not canceled out . Most importantly is that I 've had two Jabra BT500s die on me , one in the first 2 months -LRB- my years old bt250v never died even after being run over by car and switch falling off , although the battery lasts just an hour or so now -RRB- . It might be defective batteries , but I think it is a defective charging socket that easily allows you to plug in backwards -LRB- it will fry if u just start to plug it in backwards , not even all the way in -RRB- . Be carefull to make sure the chrome side of plug goes matches the chrome side of socket -LRB- dont plug it in the dark before bed -RRB- . Jabra will replace if you bought within one year from a dealer .
 I chose this device because it offered a USB style charger and I am trying to consolidate all of my device chargers to USB . Sadly the charger uses a non-standard connector . It does not use a USB mini-B connector like most current USB devices.The headset works fine .
 -LRB- updated -RRB- + Good battery life + Very comfortable -LRB- choice of two ear bud tips , plus extras -RRB- + Easy to use + Minimal bling appeal -LRB- blue light is not obtrusive -RRB- - First unit failed -LRB- charger , headset buggy -RRB- after only 3 weeks use - Jabra Support is lackluster - Ugly shiny mic piece -LRB- photo on Amazon is not accurate , see customer images -RRB- After three weeks of use , it stopped charging from the AC adapter . It dropped audio connections while dialing , or after 20 minutes of conversation . -LRB- Replacement unit has also exhibited this , but less . -RRB- Contacted Jabra about the charging issue , they required that I a -RRB- return the headset under an RMA , and THEN they will b -RRB- send me a new one . After less than a month of use . I found another way to get a replacement -LRB- boomerang purchase at a local chain ` tronics store . -RRB- On the plus side , it lasts on standby for a few days -LRB- vice a few hours like my Sony BT headset does -RRB- . It fits around my ear , and comfortably in my ear , very easily . The loop is soft rubber , so no sharp or rigid plastic is clamping on your outer ear . If the sound is not quite loud enough -LRB- the volume controls are easy to find by touch , but this in-ear speaker can only blast so much -RRB- , the earbud can be gently pressed in to form a seal , and is easier to hear this way . Sound is so-so , some callers have told me they ca n't hear me if there 's ambient sound , music , wind , or cars nearby . In all , better than average , but this is the second Jabra product that 's crapped out on me , so be wary . -LRB- I recommend always owning a wired headset as a backup , and particularly for business or important personal use . -RRB- ** JULY 2008 UPDATE ** I 've now used this for 2 years and can give it a much better review . The unit has held up well -LRB- though the tip broke and had to be glued back -RRB- . It still holds several hours charge , where my old Sony headset now lasts one 10 minute conversation and dies . The shape , weight , and ergonomic fit are so unobtrusive that I 've had some companions remind me I 'm still wearing it after hanging up on a call . Although I did n't like the shiny `` bling '' microphone tip , I 've now softened on this design . The BT500 is still more attractive and less attention getting than others . Because I have a headset at work , and my new car has a HandsFreeLink feature , I use this unit at home , and after two years , it still works great . I recommend this headset without reservation . -LRB- Disclosure
 This is my 4rd Jabra bluetooth headset in 3 years . I choose this to replace my broken BT250v because it is lighter and slimmer . The first one that i received did not charge , so I requested a replacement . the 2nd seemed fine but it disconnects frequently . the operating range is said to be 33 feet but based on my experience it 's no more than 4-5 feet especially during a call . the second that I change my position or the phone 's I lose the audio , I ca n't hear anything but the caller can hear me .
 This is the second Jabra headset that I have purchased . This one like the first one works OK when new but gets worse as you use it . I have had this one for about 5 months and the sound gets worse by the day . -LRB- just like that last one . -RRB-
 After a several years of using Jabra products , I wanted to like the BT500 . Now on the 4th replacement , I can state that this product does not meet the standard that I have become accustomed to from Jabra . They would not hold a charge or charge at all , either with the USB charger cable or the plug in variety charger . Each unit has lasted about 1 day and then quit working . It is not `` stressed '' in my working environment . It simply does not work . Can not recommend it at all .
 Initially , this unit worked very well and I found it to be extremely convenient . However , after only a week of use , it stopped accepting a charge . The unit comes with an AC adapter as well as a USB adapter . Neither would charge the headset . As a result , it no longer works . A week of use - you got ta be kidding ! After researching this issue online , I learned that others have experienced this problem with the BT500 unit . I wo n't be buying another one .
 To heavy to wear , earpiece does not fit properly in the ear . So call can not be hear properly anless you put a presure in ear canal cousing it to hurt when wear for a long period of time .
 This is the worst earpiece I have ever had . It has to be kept too close to the phone and has too much noise in it . Waiting to return it ...
 I purchased this last week here at Amazon through CCMAAccessories.However , this unit does n't charge . I plugged it in using the provided adapter and charging indicator light goes on red -LRB- for a brief instant -RRB- and then turns green -LRB- again for a brief instant -RRB- and then goes blank . The headset does n't get charged and I cant use it . I tried the provided USB cable with my computer - but again the same result.In this day and age - I expect electronics to work out of the box.I know I can return it - and I will - but the hassle is just too much.Now when I search for ` dead Jabra bt500 ' on google - I see many similar complaints about it not working out of the box .
 I am using this with a Treo 700P and it works about half the time . Sometimes you try to answer by tapping the button on the headset while it is ringing in you ear and it may or may not answer the call . So you end up just picking up the phone and holding it to your other ear and making you wonder why you bought this piece of junk . While it is working the sound is OK but it ca n't quite reach from your ear into your pants pocket , it will be too scratchy , so I have to put my phone in my shirt pocket or just hold it in my hand .
 I would give it minus infinity rating if I could.I paid $ 120 for the headset and adapter and it 's dead after only 4 months.My husband is always on the road and a wireless headset is essential to him . He also told me that other truck drivers always asked him how he made this headset to work . After 4 months he knows why they asked him this question . I buy now on cellphoneshop.net .
 On the plus side it fits well.It has 2 major negatives :1 . It dose not signal when the connection is lost between the phone and headset .2 . After dialing it is also necessary to press the answer/end button on the bluetooth to connect -- should be automatic .
 I thought this was a decent headset for the first few months . But now it wo n't charge . After Googling the problem , I realized that a million other customers have had the same problem.I contact Jabra customer support , and they are going to send me a replacement free of charge . I just hope the replacement actually works !! : - /
 I purchased the item through Verizon . If you perspire it will short out the system . I went through 6 replacements in less than 2 months.I went back to the BT250V
 Had a Jabra 250 , worked well , but fell apart -LRB- common problem -- screw stripped out of plastic . Could n't hear even when volume all the way up . Then it just stopped charging -- defective . I would n't recommend this brand .
 The Jabra BT500 worked for approx 2 weeks & then it totally stopped working , I need to send it back & get a refund or another one ! Not happy .
 I purchased this item , and it quit working after five days . I am now in the process of trying to get a refund . It 's a comfortable unit to use , has both listening and speaking clarity , but completly quit working and wo n't recharge anymore .
 Unfortunately this particular model which I think is the newest has a defect . The batery stops working so the earpiece ca n't be charged . I got a replacement and it did the same thing . I am much happier with the older 250 model .
 People on the other end could n't hear me well at all . What ? Oh.I said people on the other end could not hear me.I would have to talk louder than normal . Yeah . LOUDER.And-nd they usually-ly said-d there there was an echo , Oh . Huh?This thing is hurting my ear . Lem me call you back .
 It is big and heavy . I switched back to my regular earpiece with the wire !
 i bought this piece based on great consumer reports.however it tured out to be a great piece of junk . volume is too low u cant hear the person calling you and it takes forever to get it fit on ur ears.i stopped using it after 3 days
 Horrible product . Very uncomfortable to wear -- irritated my ear like hell ! The volume was bad ; I could n't ear people talk . I had to press it to my ear to even hear a word . I mean , what 's the essence of a Bluetooth ? Eventually , it packed up within days ! I had a very bad experience with this stupid product . Also , the design was out of this world . I went to a restaurant , and some people looked at my `` Bluetooth '' and just laughed their heads off . Bad , ugly , and inferior `` product , '' do n't waste your money on it !
 for reasons that do n't apply to this site , i 'll just say i ca n't review the jabra bt500 because i did n't receive it .
 When it works , the BT500 does the job as well or better than all the others I 've tried . However , the `` stops accepting a charge '' problem is real and makes this unit totally unacceptable . How can Jabra put such a piece of junk on the market ??
 My BF has one of these -LRB- unfortunately I purchased it as a gift for him -RRB- . He loves it . He can hear callers clearly , says it fits much better than the BT250 and is so light he often forgets he is wearing it.However , my experience on the other end of the calls is much different . It sounds as if he has me on a speaker phone and the phone is half way across the room . There is a lot of static and it picks up background noises better than his voice.I 'm giving it 1 star only because , apparently , if you are the one using it then it works great . Oh and I ca n't give it 0 . : - -RRB- By the way , he has a Motorola Razr so I 'm not sure if it is the phone / headset combo , BT version incompatibility or maybe just a bad headset .
 It 's my first bluetooth , so I ca n't compare it . But I have several complaints :1 . The blinking light . I should n't have to stare at it for 3 seconds to see if it 's on . And it does n't serve any useful purpose except to annoy others while it 's in my ear - I ca n't see what the light is doing ! 2 . I ca n't hear with it in the car without pressing it into my ear . So much for hands free - I might as well be holding the phone .3 . Every one complains that they ca n't hear me and the sound is tinny .4 . My first one died after six months . The replacement died in a few weeks . And even under warranty , this is n't much fun , since you have to sent it back and wait 5 to 7 business days for a replacement .
 This device did not work at all , i purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- at a cheap price & it never worked right . When i put the volume up on the bluetooth it would `` slap back '' an echo to the caller which made it very annoying . I tried everyhting to adjust it , but it did not work , i wanted to return it but i opened it already . Nothing ever said it was `` not '' compatible with my chocolate lg . Do n't buy this device !
 This did not work for me at all . One of my friend who bought the same says it works for him but it a piece of furniture . No use at all . Voice quality sucks .
 This earpiece does not live up to its expectations . As another reviewer has stated you have to hold it to your ear to hear . If you are in a totally quiet area it is fine . But once you get in your car , or are outside you can not hear the person talking.Also , it does have a feedback loop where the person you are talking to can hear themself speak.Suggest looking for something else , not worth the time or money .
 There is a definite trade-off between your own volume and the echo heard on the other side of the call . There are about 6 volume settings . Four out of those six settings causes an annoying echo for whoever you are speaking with . If you turn the volume lower to get rid of the echo , then you can barely hear the conversation on your end . I 'd have to say I 'm disappointed with this one .
 I bought four , tried two out , and neither work with my VX8300 -LRB- bluetooth enabled -RRB- although they are supposed to . In fact , on a normal day I can pick up 4 other wireless headsets from the train passengers around me but no matter how hard I try to smash this crappy thing into the side of the phone , my phone ca n't pick it up.The manual says hold down the button and a solid blue light will come on , notifying you of ` discovery mode ' Well then . All of mine seem to blink like idiots and do none of the above . Whats the chances of 2 not working?I better send these back to Buy.com before I make more dents on their cheap Chinese plastic surfaces -LRB- from smacking them against the table in anger -RRB- .
 When i first bought into bluetooth fone technology i was sold but beware there are drawbacks ! First the Ja-Blah errr Jabra Bt350 is a good headset if you do not know much about bluetooth . Connectivity ! it is there . it seems to do the basic stuff ok ... but when you demand more from it like crystal clear calls or reception away from phone ... look for another earpeice ! this device gets static @ 5 or more ft. . . the echoes you get are nothing short of what past reviewers say about it . . when u buy a product you want it to work @ least 90 % of time not 70 % . . Always remember to do you homework when buying these devices b/c they are expensive -LRB- cost as much as many cell phones ! -RRB- ... buy earpices from companies who actually make cell phones -LRB- motorola for example -RRB- . . they tend to understand the `` reception game '' a little better ... happy hunting !
 I would give this product zero stars if I could . Not only did the product malfunction and jabra refuse to take it back because I did n't have a reciept but the customer service guy got snappy with me as well . I will never buy another jabra product .
 I 've had mine for six months and no longer use it with my Treo 650 because I work in active , noisy environments . I have to press it into my ear and cup my other hand around the mic . It would be okay for a sedentary employee working alone in a quiet office . Another problem is that if I turn my head at all while working or driving , it feels like it 's going to fall off , which it has on many occasions . I like the other reviewer 's comment about the distracting blue strobe reflection while driving at night -LRB- I 've felt your pain , brother -RRB- . It 's the perfect re-gift for someone who has never used a Bluetooth ;--RRB- Today I 'm buying the Plantronics Voyager 510 , which has better reviews . Stay tuned .
 I tried this headset with the package from my phone . Well the reception was awful . The person on the other end heard themself echo no matter how low the earpiece volume was and it sounded to them that I was talking through a glass of water in a stainless steel bathroom . This type of headset needs vast improvement , and to me it should n't cost so much and suck so bad .
 I purchased this item & when it was received , I charged it the required number of hours but , it did not work .
 Two of us bought Jabra BT350 to gether . Mine stopped working after after 4 months and my friend gave me the same news after another month !
 My wife and I both purchased the BT350 on suggestion from a Verizon rep with our new phones . She got a Treo650 and I got the LG8100.Pairing the device was relatively easy , once you followed the written instructions . However , we 've both had problems with the headset staying paired with our phones on a couple of occassions , and have to run the pair-up process again.When they work , the sound is pretty good . But most of the time , they do n't work very well at all . And for the record , typicall my headset is with 3-4 feet of my phone - and I 've had the same problems when it 's less than 2 feet away with perfect line of sight.My wife and I almost never can call each other using our headsets and connect on the first try . Oh , it will call and we 'll try to answer , and it will sound loud and usually clear - but one of us ca n't hear the other 99 % of the time - at all . It 's a series of `` hello-hello ? HELLO ? '' Forcing us to hangup and call again . Then we usually are connected.When we do connect , the sound typically has some static , minor digital echoing , and/or frequent dropouts such that you ca n't hear what the other party is saying . It 's very annoying - almost like when you try to fake that your getting bad reception on your cell phone an ... it ... sou ... ds . . li . . is.The one button feature is ok once you figure out what the various presses on it do . I 've never had to adjust the volume buttons , but they are basically up and down.More annoying is the continuously strobing blue LED on the main button . When the headset is powered on , the button flashes . When you are actually using the headset -LRB- connected to a call -RRB- the button flashes faster . This confuses people when you are wearing it - because it appears to them that you must be using it since it 's flashing . But it 's always flashing ! So if you are a person who uses it a lot and does n't take it off very often , that can cause a problem.Even MORE of a problem is driving with it at night . For a week , I drove home in the dark with my headset , and found myself constantly turning my head to look for emergency vehicles as I kept seeing this blue strobe out of the corner of my eye . But of course when I turned my head , it was gone . I finally figured out it was the reflection of my headsets indicator light reflecting off the windows ! That ca n't be good.On the plus side - it is very lightweight and easy to wear on either ear . It comes with an AC and a USB charger - which was great since I could charge it at work or with my laptop . It seems to hold a charge very well for long periods . I know I 've gone an entire week without recharging . The range seem pretty good - though I usually never get beyond a few feet from my phone.Even though I ca n't take this headset back , I 'm purchasing another one because this one is pretty much useless if the intent of it 's design is to have a simple to operate , hands-free and safe method of communicating with your cell phone . The BT350 simply does n't meet any of those standards .
 I bought this headset when I got my Blackberry 7130e in January . The problem with this headset is that everything happens through the multifunction button - almost everytime I tried to pair this device with my phone it would call the last person I called ... I was repeatedly calling people I did n't want to or hanging up on them . The unit also was not reliable and sometimes would just not pair with the phone and had to be reinstalled a number of times . Finally I got tired of it and bought a Motoroal HS850 which I love . I highly recommend the Motorola over the Jabra .
 This headset seemed great at first . Now , people ca n't hear me when I use it . They say I 'm breaking up . Adjusting the volume does n't help . Finally , when I disconnect the BT350 , my call becomes crystal clear . Also , this headset always turns itself on when it 's in my purse and then dials people . That is a problem of draining the battery and of nusance calls . Unfortunately , I 've had just past the 1 year warranty period so I 'll probably have to buy a different one .
 This bluetooth is the best I have ever owned , but Jabra bluetooths are notorious for having internal battery failures and they are not fixable . I have ordered 8 in the last year and all had bad internal batteries . I finally gave up on them as it just was n't worth my time .
 I purchased two `` new '' Jabra BT350 's . One that came in , did actually appear to be new , but did not function . The other definitely was not new , and also did not function . The seller initially told me they were going to send me an RMA while they found two new Jabra BT350 's to replace the two that do n't work . I was thrilled with that because I really wanted the BT350 's as they are no longer being produced . Unfortunately , the RMA NEVER came . People at APEX seemed very nice , but I think maybe they are scammers . Otherwise , why not send the RMA , refund my account for the $ 100 and then inform me if and when they found the other BT350 's . I am going to work through my credit card company to have this charge reversed . Very disappointing experience ; with , I think , dishonest sellers .
 The product never worked , so I can not rate it for quality . I could not get it to connect with any of several phones . Even turning it on and off was a problem . At first , I thought I was doing something wrong , but how can one mess up pushing the on button . I found from trial-and-error that the on-off button worked about 1/3 of the time . That problem has an easy solution - if the unit does not turn on or off on the first attempt - try again until it does . Based on my experience with one unit , I judge this device to be an inferior product and a waste of my money .
 Replaced my 5.5 year old OEM battery which was down to getting 5 complete days of standby without any usage with this battery and now I still get 5 complete days of standby . The battery works , fits easily but appears to have rather unimpressive capacity .
 i have a Motorola i410 flip phone and this case does not fit it ! its a nice well made case , but i dont know how it could be advertised to fit the Motorola 1410 phone , when its clearly too small !
 I bought two of these batteries a month apart for my Razr . When received , both were 4 years old based on the manufacture date on the outside . That 's a problem because lithium ion batteries degrade while in storage . These performed no better than the 4-year-old battery they were supposed to replace.I recently bought a BR56 battery directly from Motorola . When received , it was 1.5 years old . With it , my phone performs like new and I do n't have to constantly think about conserving power .
 My husband and I have two Motorola Razr V3s , and we needed new batteries . These batteries have never held a charge since we got them . They were a total waste of money . It 's almost like not having a battery at all . If I charge the phone , and then get a call , my phone is beeping `` low battery '' within 10 minutes . Terrible . I am now ordering the same batteries from another seller , and I will never order anything else from this seller .
 I was actually surprised to receive what looked to be an authentic Motorola battery . Unfortunately , it does not hold a charge any better than the original that needs replacing . I imagine this `` replacement '' is just as old as the one in my phone , which would explain why it is n't any better.Don ' t waste your money .
 Do n't bu itThe battery was completely different in size to the one my Motorola V300 has.Dealing with the company is not easy.The RMA is not the trouble.R
 Lucky if it would hold a charge for a day , with 30 minutes of use . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Did not work well . Need to dump . Provided less than a half hour battery life . I do not recommend buying this product .
 Purchased two batteries so that I might keep one charged while using the other . Unfortunately it turned out to be lucky that I ordered two batteries because when they arrived only one took a charge while the other came up as `` Incorrect battery '' on the phone 's screen . The price was far less than I had expected and so I did not bother to return the defective battery . The vendor 's response to the order was exceedingly prompt .
 I bought this to replace a battery in my cell phone . It does not hold a charge very well at all . It seems to me that these batteries are a waste of resources on the road to toxic waste.I can not recommend this product at all .
 Two stars because they were shipped well packed and on time but these were not any better than the one that came out of the phone . I know my phone is old but I was hoping these batteries would have the life of new batteries . They did not .
 I purchased in August and it worked very well . Flash forward four months and now it 's useless ! Unfortunately not surprised ... thankfully this mistake only cost me $ 5.17 !
 I ordered a battery advertised as new from Cell Lounge Inc. . It arrived in a Ziploc bag -- and it did n't hold the charge as long as a new battery should . I checked the date stamp on the battery , and learned that it was manufactured in 2006 . It was actually older than the battery I was replacing , and which came with the phone in 2007 . I left Cell Lounge Inc. 2 out of 5 feedback , briefly noting what happened.Got an e-mail from Jake at the customer service stating that they had refunded my money -LRB- lie # 1 -RRB- , so I should remove my negative feedback and/or change the feedback to a more positive one . I was not really refunded . I did n't reply , so I got another e-mail from Jake urging me to remove my feedback as it affects their reputation , telling me that the feedback is for the service not the product , that they send thousands of orders every week , and that things get mixed up sometimes . I replied this time , telling Jake that I consider the ` product ' to be a part of ` service ' , that I would be more than happy to change my feedback if I received a new battery as advertised -LRB- I explained what `` new '' means -- battery shelf-life is n't unlimited -RRB- or a refund if they are not able to provide a new battery . I got a response saying that this model of the battery had been discontinued -LRB- lie # 2 -RRB- , and hence they have `` refunded the order '' -LRB- lie # 3 -RRB- . Today marks 5 days following his e-mail , and still no refund . By the way , BR50 is still being manufactured and sold by Motorola -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . The discrepancy in the cost is notable -- I suppose , you get what you pay for.What I learned from this experience :1 . Cell Lounge Inc. will knowingly sell used/expired batteries although they 're advertised as new .2 . Cell Lounge Inc. will repeatedly lie to their customers .3 . I will not be buying from Cell Lounge Inc. again.By the way , this is my very first purchase from Amazon.com which was less than satisfying .
 I bought the OEM Batteries and when they arrived the manufacture date was 2006 . When charged they only lasted about 1 and a half days . I sent them back and requested more and they were worse . One was swollen and the cover would n't fit on . It only would last 4 hours . The other was dated 2007 and would last about a day and a half . These are junk !! Do n't buy them !
 Lets see ... Net / shipping weight
 Battery will only stay charged for 16 hours with very little phone use . If you talk for 20 or 30 minutes , you need to re-charge . Very disappointing .
 It 's actually the second battery . The first one had been working pretty good for about two weeks until I accidentally dropped my phone in the water while fishing . I get it out almost immediately , by something has happened - I could n't charge the battery anymore
 Its brand new and needs to be charged EVERY day . These are defective batteries being sold as new . Dont waste your money .
 Bought this battery for a used RAZR I got , to replace the existing battery which would literally work for less than 5 minutes of actual talk time . The price was right -LRB- around $ 14 including all taxes and shipping -RRB- , but the battery was clearly used , as I could tell from the marks on the contacts . Probably should have expected that from the price , but it did n't say anything about it in the description . It worked for longer than the existing battery , but not much , maybe 20 minutes of talk time , if that .
 This battery does not have as much capacity as the original . Its charge doe n't last more than a day of standby .
 The first battery I received would not hold a charge for more than 2 hours . I contacted the company and they told me I had to charge it 12 hours 3 times being fully depleted each time to determine if it was defective . That seems a little too much . I did it anyway . Then returned it by US postal at my expense . Received a replacement about 4 days later that does hold a charge for about 14 hours with limited use . That is more what I would expect from a new battery . Too bad the first one was such a hassle .
 The battery that I got did not hold a charge for long , and never did . I was very disappointed and can not recommend this to anyone !
 Home charger was good but the battery would n't hold a charge so the home charger was a waste of money . Wo n't buy anything like this online again .
 Not much to say really , I bought the battery , which was half the thickness of the the previous two batteries I have purchased , charged it for 10 hours , and found it had no more life to it than the battery that came with my i90c . Since then I have purchased a new Sprint Centro and everything is working fine.I would n't recommend buying this battery unless the one you have is dead and you have no other choices .
 Shipping was prompt . The battery is a little bit better than the old one . It last the whole day , whereas the three-year old one would not . But , it does n't last several days as a new battery ought to do .
 This vendor sent the wrong battery two times due to an error in their description.Then they refused to refund return postage even though Amazon says they will.Read the description carefully . This vendor apparently followed my advise and did review their catalog . The description has changed .
 This `` new '' battery holds a charge for less than a day with little or no usage . About the same as the original 3 year old battery . I could have just used the old one for the same performance .
 The battery was no better than my old one as far as holding a charge.Maybe I should have invested in a new Motorola Battery .
 I bought one of these batteries and it would not hold a charge . They sent me a second battery and it was even worse . After an overnight charge it only lasted long enough for a 30min call before my phone died . I am now waiting for a refund .
 The battery lasted a little more than 3 months and then it would n't hold a charge . OEM could care less since 30 days had passed . The original battery lasted more than 3 years .
 Please do n't buy this product . I tried it since my battery , after 2 years , had to be charged everyday . From the moment that I started using it I did n't notice any difference , it was just like having the old battery , and after using it for 2 weeks it turned out to be even worse than the old battery , so now I 'm using again the old one . I also went to check if the problem was with the phone , but no , it is this battery .
 I got this to replace the razr cellphone and it did n't even charge . Waste of time . I hope they are no longer in business .
 Shipping was fast . The Motorola battery was horrible !!! The battery will not keep a charge more than 1 hour before dying . If the phone is used the battery may last 12 minutes.BEWARE of older batteries even if they are supposed to be new . I want to believe that this is a brand new battery but must 've an expired shelf life . If new batteries expire you kinda stuck and just have to break down and get a new phone.Because my wife likes this phone I am hoping for another battery that will work to be shipped to me overnight because I trashed the original ... but we 'll see .
 Received a dead battery . Emailed DLN . They said they 'd send another one out pronto . No battery . Emailed they again last week . No contact . Bought on 2/11/10 . Contacting Paypal to retrieve my $ .
 I bought this battery hoping not to have to replace my phone . Unfortunately after a short while it now only holds a charge for a couple of days . Very disappointing .
 I ordered a SNN5704 battery for a Razor 3 cell phone from OEM For Cheap , listed on the Amazon web site . I received a BR56 battery presumably `` exactly compatible '' . It turned out to be a piece of junk
 I bought this battery in May 09 . By Aug 09 it would no longer hold a charge . My original battery which is 3 + yrs . old still lasts longer than this replacement . The transaction was swift and smooth , though . Unfortunately the product was garbage . Reluctant to do repeat business .
 Ordered on the 4th , but did n't get delivery until 26th ! To their credit , they did respond to e-mails -LRB- not promptly , but they did respond . -RRB- Must be a big company because the service was not personal at all and there was no phone number to call . Battery , once received , works well . -LRB- it 's a cell phone battery , how hard can that be ? -RRB-
 I only just started using this battery . Battery stopped holding a charge after 1 month . Do not purchase this item . I suspect it was reconditioned .
 My cell phone is a 2006 and works great except my battery is 4 years old , so I bought a new one ... that is never used one apparently because it was not new . It was manufactured in 2007 and would only hold a charge for 24 hours before needing to be recharged . That is the same for my 4 year old battery that I already have . I guess that is why it is so cheap . I asked for a refund and I got my money back . Guess I am going to have to upgrade my phone after all .
 I purchased a raz battery and it is weak . Charge lasts 3-5 days and they say 4-6 is normal.They said I could return the battery at my cost with no offer of replacement.They answered all emails with consistent defense of their product .
 Data cable works fine . CD Driver is so outdated it will not load on my PC and it is not MAC usable . When I contatcted both the manufacturer and the dealer , I was told to contact my cell phone provider and purchase their software which is 3 times what I paid already . So now I am stuck with a cell phone full of photos .
 Cable works fine -LRB- computer detects there is a phone there -RRB- , but software is useless . The enclosed CD was unreadable -LRB- I tried it on three computers -RRB- . Seller and manufacturer both failed to respond , re providing a replacement or a site to download the software . I did eventually find ancient -LRB- about 1999 , I think -RRB- software on the manufacturers 's web site , but it did not work with XP . Bitpim does not yet support the AX390 . So , I have a worthless cable . Stay away , stay away from this product and this company .
 A little knock & it spilts open . . Reception distorts while talking due to aluminum casing . No good . . Sending it back . .
 I was hoping this would replace my current case . it 's really too slippery though . quality is ok . the white lines are pretty ugly imo .
 The aluminum bumper case degraded my cell service signal . I could not get LTE in many areas that I normally do , as well as dropped calls . I like the fit and finish . Tried two different iPhone 5 's .
 Full bars will become 2 bars . Enough said.Also extremely bulky , make sure to get those plastic screen protector for both the FRONT & BACK if you use this .
 Terrible case . Got in on sale but am sending it back . It is NOT worth even $ 1 . It decreases your signal on the iPhone and the case feels cheap . DO NOT BUY THIS CASE !!
 The design seems okay . got the feeling of thicker phone in your hand . the phone sleep button hard to get to.I work in the building where I get very weak signal . This case with aluminum trim kills it completely .
 I had a silica gel case before this , it was much thicker and not as aesthetic appealing.The quality of the case seems okay , and it 's sturdy enough to withstand normal wear and tear . The shiny finish does provide the high quality feel.However , the shell of the case is made out of aluminum , it drastically reduced the cellphone and wifi signal.My iPhone 5 seems drain battery a lot quicker after using this case -LRB- since it 's constantly trying to find signals -RRB- The depth it provide to reach to the power button seems okay , but for the volume buttons are just too hard to reach.Overall , I would not recommend this case , there just simply better ones out there .
 This does not fit into the VX3300 as advertised here . So you end up paying shipping charges both ways by this misleading claim .
 I did n't get to find out about the battery because after I ordered it and the extended phone door you have to buy so the battery will fit.i received the battery and the extended door was canel because they do n't have it anymore.Now I am stuck with a battery and no door .
 I agree with the other negative review above . The photo is of the standard LG charger , but the one you get is a flimsy knock-off that did n't work well . The cord was really short and the damn thing did n't stay connected . It did n't really `` snap-in '' well and kept popping out . I ended up just buying a real replacement cord from a store -- more expensive , but it worked perfectly .
 From the product description , you would never guess that this is not made by LG . When they call it an `` LG Travel Charger , '' when Amazon describes it as a `` lightweight , genuine LG charger , '' and when the photo they show is of the OEM LG charger , it 's hard to conclude otherwise.But no . The only name on the box is Wireless Phone Accessories , made in China . The charger you get is not the one pictured in the ad . It looks different , and it is obviously lighter and cheaper feeling . I just plugged mine in , and it seemed to work just fine.Is this product worth 50 cents plus $ 5 shipping ? That 's for you to decide . But one does n't expect to get the bait & switch from Amazon , and I 'll be returning it .
 First of all what I received was far from what was on the sight . I was sent some chep version not lg ! I 'm sending it back
 Does not work on the phone that I have . Claims it was defective but I believe it is just after market garbage from foreigners .
 Received the charger quickly , but like the other reviews when you plug it in , it says immediately that the charge is complete . Do n't order this for the lg vx9800
 Sorry to say ' ' but this is the only product from Amazon that I have recieved over the years that did n't work . . it was very inexpensive , so I did n't say anything until now ... but the item was defective ...
 Great price but it does n't fit the vx3300 . The purchase price was so low that it was n't worth my time to return it .
 didnt work on my phone the vx3200 , disappointed ! needed this badly , now i have to order a different one ! a waste of time and money !
 Maybe I received a defective case , but the rear speaker cut out is not aligned very well . If you count the `` divots '' as a reference , there is four on left and three on the right . Sounds minimal , but it is definitely noticeable . The power button is incredibly difficult to engage , with no feedback , or `` click '' at all until your screen suddenly flashes on . I feel like I am about to break the button every time I turn it on , which obviously is quite frequent . Also , as most it covers the rear LED . Lastly , it is vastly overpriced . I was hoping the cost would correlate into greater quality , but in my opinion , not so . While it feels decent , and is light , the sloppy cut out , the poor engineering for covering a useful feature -LRB- rear LED -RRB- , and excessive cost make this one a return . * I initially gave this product three stars - and I feel that was generous , but on printing the return label , I have to pay for return shipping . I find this highly irritating as the product is defective and poorly executed . I am sure the cost is negligible , but still . For an overpriced single layer TPU case , there are far better options with far better customer service than BoxWave . My first , and last , BoxWave product . Cheers .
 A friend of mine has this unit and it works so well full signal strength is attained despite being shadowed by tall buildings . After a great deal of research , it seemed this product would work for me , too . I however , despite following all instructions , talking with tech support , and eventually hiring a professional , could not get the unit to stop knocking itself off . After re-installing the unit 4 times and sending the unit in for `` testing , '' and buying a very expensive antenna extension , I gave up . This process took place over a five month period and I ended up with several thousand dollars invested in the failed project and because of the amount of time could not return the unit . Digital Antenna does no retail sales , so the unit and accessories have to be purchased from the dealer network . I could not get all pieces from the same dealer . I ended up having to buy cable more than once . The dealers have no tech support . The tech support from Digital Antenna is difficult to obtain . Digital Antenna wants the consumer to send the unit back to the dealer . The dealer I purchased from wanted no part of that . With this kind of disconnect , service was very hard to obtain and took a long time . I KNOW the product works - I 'm very disappointed in the business structure , the fact I could not get the product to work in my application , and that I had no option to return the product despite constant contact with both manufacturer and dealer over the time period it took to troubleshoot the problems .
 The product I received was really bad . Charged it full the night before , and it would be dead next day in the afternoon . This does n't seem to be a new battery as they described on the site . Be careful !
 Bought what was advertised as a new battery and within 4 weeks it was going dead in a single day -LRB- without my even using it -RRB- . It came in a clear plastic bag without any documentation or packaging that would have demonstrated its newness . I would have been better off keeping my previous 2-year-old battery , at least it lasted longer . Would not suggest buying this product .
 This battery did n't perform any better than the one it replaces . That led me to wonder if it was in fact a new battery .
 I received this product and it worked for about 2 days . Then Amazon was wonderful and replaced it right away . The replacement worked about 5 days longer than the first one . Amazon was great to stand behind the product and give me a full refund . Steer clear of this product - it is substandard !!
 My charger was sent back to whomever this company is ??? I ordered it back in April and have yet to receive it ... -LSB- Violins -RSB- I ca n't find any information on how to get a refund from this company for the charger I never got -LRB- but paid for . -RRB- And I ca n't find any contact information on this company.I will never order from them -LSB- Technocel -RSB- again .
 I was very disappointed . This case looks and feels flimsy . I 'd rather spend a few bucks more and get a better quality item .
 One of the ear buds does n't work unless you pull the thing that plugs into the port out a little bit but if you touch it at all , it stops working again . Its very annoying . sure they were cheap but if only half of it works then its not worth it . I would have rater used the money i wasted on half a pair of earphones to buy a more expensive pair that actually works all the way . I read the reviews and other people have had this problem too . I figured theirs were just defective or something and i bought it anyway , but no . Mine do n't work either . Plus , the wire is really really long for one ear bud and really really short for the other . It makes it extra difficult to listen to music on top of on side only working when the jack is exactly in the right position , the earbud with the short side is always getting pulled out of my ear cause all of the extra wire constantly gets caught on things.Don ' t waste your money
 A real pain to get the phone into and out of and very hard to use the keyboard while attached - sent it back . Still have n't found a good case for the XV6700 .
 It 's the little plastic `` shield '' that comes on your phone when you first purchase it . Did n't realize that when I bough this product . You get a few of them , but the one I put on my phone immediately began to peel off already . I 've only had it about a month or so . It helps a bit , but you 're better off buying a nifty carrying case for your phone instead .
 it starts coming off after a month and you never can get the air bubbles out
 The design of this screen protector has changed , it is NOT the same as what is pictured here . It is stiff plastic , one piece design that partially wraps around the navigation wheel . It 's ill fitting to begin with , but the adhesive is n't strong enough to hold it in place . It did n't even last one day . I purchased two , and the other one was the same flawed design . My emails to the seller went unanswered , I just wasted my money on something that went in the trash at the end of the day . The next day I went to my cell phone company and purchased a far better quality screen protector for $ 1.00 . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!!
 Bought this product , received it in a week or so . No insrtuction 's not that it is brain surgery to put it on . But you really have to clean your phone even if it is new with alcohol . Then it still doesnt stick , then you have take the other one and cut it in half because it is to big . The picture is not accurate the plastic goes all around the disc . At this point the first one is toast because you have already used the adhesive and failed . Maybe the second one will stick , maybe not . Dont even waste your time , spend more get more !
 I ordered my screen protector hoping to get just that - a screen protector . When it arrived -LRB- in good time at a good price -RRB- it was way different than what is pictured and described here . Now instead of supplying 2 rectangular protectors -LRB- one for the screen and one for the battery cover -RRB- , SP has decided to supply just one really long protector for the whole front side , with a small cutout up top for the speaker and a large circular cutout on bottom for the wheel . They claim that since this model phone is getting old , they expect most of the battery covers to be too scratched up to hold the other protector any more.I took great care to apply the protector to my chocolate and was very disappointed to find that the top and bottom do n't stick . The phone curves underneath the protector in these areas and the adhesive is n't strong enough to bend the stiff protector to fit the contour . I was planning to install only one protector on my screen and save the other for later , but SP had other plans.The only thing I can think of is that I have a VX8550 and this is advertised for a VX8500 , so maybe the older phone has a flatter face for which this new , longer style protector would work fine . But still , they clearly show and describe two small rectangular protectors that would just cover the screen/battery cover , so what they described would have fit my phone regardless.FWIW , I have written SP with my problem and they responded very quickly to help work it out . So kudos to their customer service , at least . Just wish they had n't decided to change the product so drastically on me .
 First of all , I only got one of the two LCD protectors . Secondly , it came off within 2-3 weeks . Do n't waste your money on this !
 The screen protectors I received were actually for a different type of phone . Maybe for something with an inner and outer screen ? The Chocolate only has one . Although one of the protectors that came will cover the important part of the Chocolate screen . So far it has worked and not peeled , so if you 're not a perfectionist it 's a decent buy .
 This phone is terrible , i highly recommend that no one gets it , it has been my 3rd time getting this phone . And now i am on my forth . My plan wo n't get me a new phone , so now im stuck with this one for one more year . I had to pay more to fix this phone then to get this phone . -LRB- p.s. this is for the regular one , i do n't have the scratch resistant one , so it might be different -RRB-
 I really love the look of this case , and the front half of it fits nicely , but the back half of the case keeps falling off which is very frustrating . I also think the clip is too thick , and makes your phone more bulky .
 I guess you get what you pay for , the clip broke within the first day .
 I was not happy with this product . When it came it was already scratched to heck & back and it didnt even stick to my phone face . I thew it away ! Not worth a dollar !
 There is only 1 screen protector in each of the packages I recieved . The one works fine ... but this was supposed to be a `` 2-LCD kit '' and the missing screen protector is the one for the outer screen -LRB- which is the one we wanted -RRB- . They charge $ 5 shipping & handling for each of these $ 0.01 items ... what a rip-off !
 I purchased 2 sets and tried to install the 1st set , the label would n't peel off , tried getting it off and just made it worse . After taking if off my phone it left a permanent mark on the face of the phone . This is a horrible attempt at protecting the phone ... now I get to see a mark all the time ... just get a case to protect your phone and keep it clean ...
 Product needs rework before releasing intothe public marketplace.VERY difficult to install .
 I recently switched over from a paper calendar system to a Handspring Visor . I decided to get this case expressly because it had several features that I liked , and one in particular that helped me to make the transition over to a paperless system . Clearly , that feature is the pad of paper that this case will hold in addition to the Visor unit . That in itself has been extremely helpful and sole well-designed aspect of the case ; the smooth paper pad rather than a credit card holder lays flat on the Visor unit when the case is closed . This prevents the credit cards from scratching the Visor screen.I also liked the fact that the Visor locks in with the sewn in Visor cover . There is no messy , sticky velcro to deal with , and I beleive that the unit is locked in to the case more securely than one or two strips of velcro.I also liked the fact that there is no snap enclosure ; it is velcro . Initially , I thought that this was really quite cheap , but I realized that a snap could hurt the unit with the pressure to close it.HOWEVER , DESPITE these strengths , I can only give it two stars because the case has some serious flaws . If I had known about these earlier , I would NOT have bought the case . First , the money pocket is much too small . Perhaps 3-4 bills can be folded in , but no more than that , and even less change . Consequently , it does not work as a wallet like it is supposed to . I thought that at LEAST I could use the pocket to carry a floppy disc or two , but they do n't fit in the pockets either.Second , since I now have to carry a separate wallet for my bills and change , I have kept my credit cards in my wallet -LRB- why separate credit cards from the rest of my cash ? -RRB- . I thought that I would simply use the card slots in the Visor case for business cards , but the slots only fit credit cards . It 's silly because business cards are literally only a fraction of an inch bigger than credit cards yet the designers did not make the slots that much bigger . In essence , the card pockets are rather useless . I have put my business cards in the money pocket which still stick out of the pocket!Finally , it would have been nice if the case had some loops for extra batteries . They of course do not fit in the pockets either.The pad and sewn in Visor clip are essentially the only things that warrants this case two stars .
 The wallet could have been a great product . Unfortunately , it is one of the only ones with the bracket that locks the Visor in . BEWARE
 I bought this case because I liked how the visor snapped into place . However , within the first two months of use , both pieces had snapped off . First one snapped off when I was putting the visor in , and the second one snapped off when I dropped the case while it was open .
 On this sellers site they showed a refurbished bluetooth for 29.95 & this was billed as new OEM . for 69.95 shop for new someplace other than these folks . The one I receved was scratched up & would not even come on after charging for 4 hrs .
 Although this fits very nicely on my Pearl , I , for the life of me , could not remove the cover easily.My phone was acting slow , so I wanted to remove the battery for a minute and put it back in . That means I had to remove the cover , and I pulled and pulled , cut my skin , and left a imprint on my fingers because I struggled so hard to take it off.The second part of the battle was putting it back on ! Because it 's such a `` perfect '' fit , it took my dad and I another 8 minutes to squeeze the phone into this and zip it up properly.Unless you never plan on taking out your battery or sim card , then this is perfect , it really does become part of the phone . But if you ever need to remove anything in a moments notice , make sure you alot 10 minutes and wear gloves because you 're in for a fight ! This was NOT worth the price !
 I received the item in the time indicated and I love it . 2 thumbs up to this seller .
 I was disappointed with this case , especially since it got so many positive reviews.Two major problems :1 -RRB- The case that I received did n't fit perfectly . There was a little bit of slack in the clear vinyl front .2 -RRB- After a few weeks , the removable belt clip broke . There is a very frail piece of plastic that locks the belt clip in place to the case which broke without me yanking on it or anything like that .
 Please do not buy this case . I am very disappointed because Krusell usually makes a good quality case . The case does not fit properly . They made this case too small and is very difficult to install . Once installed the side buttons and covered , not aligned properly . Do not buy this case . I 'm trying to return it for a refund .
 A bit tough to put on . Thick is great for durability but makes it impossible to use with case and have no bubbles . looks great on until it gets used the . Smudges and scratches are all you notice plus not easy to see In bright conditions
 The idea is very cool and it deflects anyone who is near to see what you 're doing , but to create the illusion of the mirror , it causes this holographic image . It hurt my eyes and gave me a headache . I took it off after a couple of days and just through it out . Waste of money really .
 I ordered a mirror screen protector for an iphone 3G and got one for a blackberry . I then responded that I had gotten the wrong product and need to send it back and how much longer it would have to take . I can not say it was only this product , but along with other products together , the shipping was a ridiculous cost to have to deal with this for a slightly cheaper cost . Next time I would rather go to retail store and get it myself .
 I waited for this but I never received it . I sent two emails . They replied to the first one . Still waiting on the second response I sent last week . They wanted to verify my address -LRB- which it was correct except for the postal code that I could n't verify -RRB- . I checked my mail every day . I paid about 6 dollars for the screen protector so I probably do n't mean much to them but I think they can do a better job for all customers including their `` small '' ones . This is my first experience with them . I hate to pay for something and get nothing in return .
 The image would lead you to believe the product would give your iPhone screen a `` mirror like '' appearance . Either I was sent the wrong product or this is just false advertising , but it 's just a screen protector , no matter at what angle you hold the phone . Whether the screen is active or inactive , it 's still just a screen protector . No mirror like appearance at all .
 Like everyone else has said , it 's not pratical to use . It looks very cool , but you just ca n't see a thing in bright daylight . It leaves a dirty mark every time you touch the screen .
 It 's a protector , a mirror , and ... really difficult to see the screen in sunlight . Best for those who use the iphone/ipod mostly indoors .
 very dissappointed . i gave them away . not worth the trouble and hassle of dealing with this . I expected to receive I-Phone covers and received I-Pod covers !!!
 I could list all the emails and telephone calls back and forth with importer520 , but I wo n't waste your time like they wasted mine . I ordered a product 12 days ago and have yet to received it . I spoke to a rep today from importer520 , and first thing she offers me is a refund , instead offering me to reship the product , ahhh duh ! Then I was told they would only reship if I removed my negative comments about them on Amazon . Can you believe this ! importer520 ... never again .
 Ok like everyone else says , the outdoor use is not good at all , but indoors it 's great . It 's was cheap so I was curious about it , looks cool when its off ... mirror finish looks wild . But outside your phone is n't really usable . I ended up taking it off if you do n't use your phone much outdoors then this might work for you ... hey it 's cheap so why not
 This screen protector is horrible !!! It did n't even look like a real mirror but rather a fun house mirror and it hurt my eyes to look at it . It also makes it extremely difficult to see your phone through it .
 This screen protector looks awesome , do n't get me wrong - but it 's completely impractical . It 's really hard to see through in normal light and almost impossible to see through in sunlight/outdoors/bright lighting . Too bad . . it looked super awesome on the iphone : -LRB-
 The brightness & color of the iphone are affected a lot . Takes on a hazy yellowish appearance . Unless you want ur iPhone to be a mirror when it 's off so much that ur willing to have a yellowish hazy iPhone when it 's on , do n't buy this .
 The shields go on really smoothly and stick well , however while I had it on my phone it affected the phone , I kept dropping calls constantly which had never happened before and has not happened again since I took the shield off . It may be the material it is made with or the weight of it , but it caused the phone to not work well . Also the mirror image is not clear enough to use as a mirror . Good price , not a good product , sorry .
 I bought this and within a few hours of use -LRB- charging while listening -RRB- it hangs the ipod which then requires a complete , painful reset . This hang happens only with the charger plugged in . Spend the extra $ $ for the apple charger .
 this ipod charger is garbage !!! i plugged it in one time and it broke !! The first time it worked great , then i went to charge my ipod and it did n't work !! Si i took it apart to maybe see what happened and it had overheated !! i recomend not to buy this product !! thank you !! : -RRB-
 I never received this product . I had called an left a message to change my address , before it shipped , and no one ever called me back .
 I had ordered a Covertec case for my Sony PDA a few years ago and was pleased with their quality and attention to detail . After looking around , I thought I would splurge and get a similar case for my BB - unfortunately , I 'm not impressed.The design of the case is poor - there is no sleeper switch , therefore the keyboard needs to be locked when the case is closed . Secondly , there is no opening for the speaker on the back , so the ring is severely muffled . I put some business cards in the sleeve of the case and now it is unbalanced , flipping upside down when the phone is not there . All in all , quite disappointing.The quality of the leather and stitching is very good - it just does not make up for a poor design . I contacted Covertec to explain my problem - no response . The icing on the cake .
 The HTH P3300 has many good characteristics , but lamentably the slow and old 200 MHz processor causes that are not possible to be taken advantage of . The function of Search in the contacts takes near 25 seconds and programs of VoIP as Skype does not work suitably . On the other hand the quality of sound in earphone is terrible , is almost impossible to understand what they speak in the other line side . My suggestion is that do not buy this device , by the price can buy a Nokia N95 that is far better in all the aspects . I am very disappointed of this gadget .
 I ordered this product from the seller in June and I still have not received the item even though it is now July 31st . I honestly do not think I need to say anything else except that I just got scammed .
 The old sain that you get what you pay for is very true concerning this product , I would n't suggest anyone buying it unless they just ca n't afford a couple of more dollars .
 I 've had this device for my Samsung SCH-a870 phone for a few months now , but recently 1 of the tabs broke off making it useless.When it was n't broken it sorta did its job . It did n't fit as snug as i had hoped and have had multiple times where the part that attached to the phone would come loose .
 Low Price is all you get , the lip holding the bottom of the phone is so small that when you hit a bump the phone drops out the bottom of the holder .
 This product only lasted a little while . After about 4 months or so it would n't hold my cell phone . The spring SPRUNG ! Good thing it 's not too expensive !
 My Samsung Stratusphere , just barely fits . And once it 's in the vent , I 'm not sure that I 'll be able to remove it without breaking it ,
 I recently got this luxmo universal car vent holder to use with my phone and it will not work with my Samsung S3 ,
 Not for my device Coolpad 4g . Very small . This support is for old cell phones that have small screens . useless !
 The padded phone clamps caused my phone to take random pictures until I cut away some of the rubber padding where it aligned with the camera button . The clips did not hold on a 2003 Toyota 4 Runner vent fins after a month with out wiggling or slipping . I added surgical rubber socks on the feet to grip plastic vent fins . That reduced the wiggle but then one of the feet broke after another two months . Then I went to the suction cup and that did not hold on either the dash or glass for very long even with cleaning the surfaces . Other than that I liked the clamping mechanism and eject button .
 This product worked great for about 2 weeks then fell apart ... I should have known better , What do you expect for the price ?
 This mount is actually great for the first two days . I used it on the vent and on day two or three after I received it , it would start moving to the sides when I turned . I would have to readjust every time . I used it on a GalaxySII , it was very tight fitting . So DO NOT BUY .
 I buyed this item , i dont recomended , because , after feww days use , the stickers does ` nt work , and you can hold the phone , not good .
 I bought this for $ 6.90 with shipping of $ .99 included . I got what a paid for , a piece of junk . I should have saved that money for a Togo 's sandwich instead . Not only the damn thing broke a piece of my vent , it did n't work . No matter how I adjusted it , I could n't get my phone from facing the sky , which is contracting to what was being depicted on the website . As for the sticky stand , do n't use that . You will crack your phone as everything will end up on the floor . I can not return this because it would cost me almost half of what I paid for it . The seller refused to pay for a return label . Do n't be fool . Do n't buy this piece of crap .
 Ad says fits droids . . um no , the droid was to wide . My son tried to force it , causing it to snap like a twig . Thrown in the trash via open window of moving vehicle at 60mph . Ended up having to stop at Walmart and getting one that is stronger , definitly fits . I told anyone who would listen not to waste your time with this . You would have a better chance of holding your phone with ducktape on your dashboard than using this POS !!!
 Soooo cheat easy to break , it barely fits my phone have to take off my case to make it fit do n't buy it , it 's a waste
 Initially happy , until it broke the second everything was out of the packaging . Considering the price , I should have realized it was n't going to last long , but did n't think it was going to break before even getting to use it .
 I put the spacer on - it broke.I installed it on my car vent - the clips broke.Bad design , bad materials.Plastic clips need to be made of robust plastic material . This is cheap crap.Once again , you get what you pay for . I should know better .
 When I pressed the release button , it expanded but would not fit the phone and lock anymore . I opened it and replace the faulty spring . It works now .
 The clips on the back of the mount are very cheap and broke the first time I tried to mount it . Contacted the company and was advised no parts are available . Tossed it and purchased a different one from a different company that is a lot nicer . Not worth the shipping cost to send back .
 Dear seller , I am very unhappy with my purchase . I tried to use the sticker on the bottom of the device and it immediately fell off and then when I tried to stick it on again , it no longer would stick . I would advise to anyone interested in this item to think twice before purchasing .
 It was easy to install . I think this product is a great idea only my size four fingers broke it after one week so it is n't well made .
 I bought this for my Samsung S2 expecting somewhat of a snug fit -LRB- I do n't have a case -RRB- . It fit for the first few weeks , and then the left vent clip decided to snap , along with the adjustable arm . on top of all these issues , the padding was next to useless . Getting a suction cup holder next .
 Was n't made very sturdy and tried to get it to hook to my vents but it was not designed well .
 This phone holder did not hold my phone with it 's protective case , so I had to remove the case just to use the holder . It was very unstable when attached to the vent which required constant adjusting . After only a couple of week 's use , it broke . I do n't recommend this at all .
 The mechanism seems to work well , but I could n't test it as my phone , the Nokia Lumia 920 , does n't fit . I 'm kind of bumped because on the package , it says &#34; works with any phone &#34; . The maximum width it can hold seems to be 62mm or 2 &#34; 7/16 , 68mm or 2 &#34; 5/8 if you were to remove the rubber , but even then , my phone does n't fit.Nowadays , smart phones are kind of wide , I 've seen two other phones that are actually larger than mine , so check the width of our phone before buying . My wife 's iPhone 4 fits in it.You can see that it really is not designed for large phones because only one arm moves , and when opened to the max , the base is off-centered
 It 's kind of hard to describe , but I had trouble putting this product together . It would not fit together like instructed -LRB- or shown on package -RRB- , so I had to return it .
 This was not a good car mount if you have an iPhone . I could barely get it in the holder after I extended it as far as it would go . The sticky back that was supposed to stick it to your dash did n't hold up . It fell off after an hour .
 It holds the phone fine , but the little teeth that is supposed to go into a vent does n't not grip on anything !
 Installed this universal phone holder in my car so that we could have it hold our cell phone . About the second time my wife took her phone out of the holder it broke . I am not satisfied with this product and want people to know about it so that they do n't have to mess with the same problem .
 I bought this because it was affordable and I needed something that would hold my iPhone 4 in my car for gps and music . As soon as I opened the package I immediately knew how cheaply the product was made . I broke it in a matter of seconds upon opening it so if you do decide to purchase this just be mindful that it 's not a quality holder nor did I think it would be as I got it for around 5 dollars . The lip on the bottom that holds the phone in place is VERY tiny so you really can not break the closing mechanisms on the sides like I did .
 the only positive to this item is that it stays in the air vent ... unfortunately its sole purpose of holding a cell phone is non-existant ! the phone doesnt stay set because there is nothing to hold it up ! WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!
 My original cell phone for the car carrier finally broked and I so loved it , but was n't able to find it again on Amazon , so I bought this - seemed simple enough ... made very cheaply , but even if I was extra careful , the back of it slips off so easily where it is meant to be staying clipped on the air vent , that this has been virtually unusable - I ca n't stand this at all - I will have to resume looking for the old one - do n't waste your money ... it is worthless .
 It might be worth the risk for you since it 's so cheap , but do n't buy it expecting it to work.Problems : It came factory sealed and broken ... the sticky mounting arm bracket had been shoved through it 's clips as if it had had something very heavy dropped on it . This also speaks to the cheapness of the plastic.The vent mount -LRB- which is why I bought it and soldiered on -RRB- does n't comfortably fit any car I 've tried it in . It can technically be mounted in my GF 's car , but not with the support brace so it would be wobbly.It barely holds an iPhone 4 with no case , you have to clamp it down hard , and if you angle it just right could probably plug in a charging cable -LRB- if you need one -RRB- . But it does technically hold it well enough . You will have to release the clamp -LRB- spring loaded button -RRB- and re-clamp it -LRB- just squeeze -RRB- every time you use it.It does NOT hold a 3GS or a first gen at all . The bottom brace is too small and the curved designs on those models make them just slide off.It does NOT fit a 3GS with a case on it . My GF uses a very thin back shell and at maximum width it can be crammed in but just barely , and again , because of the curved phone design the base is too small and it still falls out.Basically if you get one that 's not broken and have an un-cased iPhone 4 , and plan to mount it with the arm it might work , and it 's cheap enough you might want to try . If you want the vent mount do n't expect it to fit . If you have an iPhone other than a 4 , or use a thick case on a 4 , do n't expect it to fit . It 's very cheaply made from brittle plastic -LRB- that you have to stress to set up ... -RRB- so really keep your expectations in check .
 Recently my phone holder broke in my attempt to move it from one car to another . The image appeared to be similar to what I already had . To avoid the issue of relocating the holder from one car to another , I purchased 2 of these units . Unfortunately after receiving the item , I found that the clamping mechanism was not able to open wide enough to hold my droid like the old one did . I assumed that Universal meant that is was capable of supporting a wide variety of phones and apparently my phone is not one of them .
 dont buy this a huge dissapointment a piece of junk !!!!!!!! nothing fits in that thing its too small.I dont adviseanyone buy this item its not worth it .
 I was n't expecting much for the price but at least that it holds my iphone , and it barely squeezes in with a good amount of force , I have a very slim skin cover . Not worth returning but disappointing .
 Very small holder if have a case on your phone it will barely fit and if you do n't want to put it on a vent the base is small and does n't stick very well had to super glue it to make it stay . I 'm trying another one . WUldnt bother with this product . I have an iPhone 4s . So not sure if this will be better for other phones
 I am very disappointed about the quality of this item . First time that I am dissatisfied with something I bought at Amazon . It broke the first time I touched it . I tried to fix it buying some crazy glue and after two days I let it dry , I was going to use it and it broke again ! I was careful and hit the side bottom to try to release one of the sides of the cell holder but quality was terrible .
 I bought a pair of these for my daughter and son in law and in the process of installing one of the holders , it essentially desintegrated and does not seem to be repairable . The idea looked good , but the product is poorly made . Really sorry I bought these as a gift .
 Poorly built phone holder . The &#34; arm &#34; that moves was broken off when i opened the box due to the arm is only attached by the thinest piece of plastic . Slight torque on the arm could easily break it off .
 The item was delivered with the pedestal mount attached . I removed it to attach the vent mount . The vent mount pieces could not be installed because they did n't fit in the sockets on the holder rendering it completely useless .
 very disapointed . very cheaply made in fact the ends easly broke off . would not buy another one would like to find a good one
 This is not what I expected , I was looking for something more durable and a higher quality . I will continue in my search .
 I got this unit for my car because of the vent mount and adjustable grip . I could tell immediately upon installation onto my vent that the brackets securing the cradle to the vent were weak . I made every effort to carefully place and remove my phone each day . However , within 1 week , the clips used to secure the unit to the vent flap broke . I liked the size and look of the unit and it cradled my EVO 4G perfectly . It came with a sticky bottom mount to use , but I need vent mount . Do not buy this if you are wanting it for vent mounting .
 The sticky dash mount broke as I tried to remove it , one of the arms shortly afterwards . Also , it comes with no instructions , have to guess at orientation from the pictures .
 Ironically , I threw out the battery just before receiving this invitation to write a review . The battery was a complete dud.It would barely last a day in my phone and that was without usage , with usuage it would last a few hours.Ya gets what ya pays for !!! p.s.Why the 1 star ? Well , it was delivered promptly . Completely useless , but good delivery .
 I never even received this product I tried to contact the co. 2 times and they did not even have the courtesy to call me or email me back.Amazon had to give me a refund ...
 You would be better off buying a higher quality charger . This one broke very quickly . I would not recommend this product .
 the product does n't work at all and when I tried to return it it was impossible to reach anyone from the company
 The suction cup on this product is weak . It has come off so many times that I am giving up on it . I had the cup holder version of this before and I really liked it . I ca n't use this version in my current car so I tried the suction cup version.Too bad . I really like the way this holder cradles the phone . It is very secure yet easy to remove.However , it is really annoying when it keeps popping off the window while I am driving . I am using it on a side window with the mount resting on the dashboard . You would think that would put less strain on the suction cup and make it stay on . I think the suction cup is just too shallow .
 I 've owned one of these before , which I purchased locally . It worked great for quite a while ; until it finally broke.This one , however , which I purchased through Amazon , stopped working after a few days
 Bought this product last April 2012 just so we have something to use when the need arises . Kept it sealed until Memorial day becoz we 're going out of town only to find out that it was not exactly the same as the one shown in the picture . I got a mount that can only be used in a 90-degree angle windshield . The small tail at the end of `` S '' shape at the suction base was missing . The suction base is directly attached to the tip of `` S '' ; there was no short tail at the tip of the `` S '' to attach the suction base . Could n't return it coz the 30-day return policy had already expired . Waste of money !!!
 Right out of the box it would not adjust.Called there 1-800 # and got no help.I left messages and no one ever returned my calls!Do NOT waste your money on a Bracketron ...
 I returned the Scala-500 for 3 reasons
 I bought a blue headset for my Sony Ericsson Z520a , and I returned it because it was such a poor quality product . It would be full of static if I had it in my left pocket and on my right ear . It picks up every little sound in the area . I would lose the bluetooth signal walking 15 feet from my phone in the bedroom to my sink in the bathroom . There is not even a wall in the way , I could see my phone ! Walking home from work , my girl could hear the little crickets in the field , and a train a mile away sounded like it was right next to me . When a car would pass by , it was so loud that it actually hurt her ear . A slight wind made such a noise on her end that it ` sounded like I was in a hurricane . ' So Cardo 's claims about wind noise reduction and traffic noise has not been proven true to me . I returned the unit to Amazon , and was sent a black one as a replacement , and it is doing the same things . As far as the comfort goes , I found that once I bent the ear piece , it was really comfortable . In conclusion , this is a cheap headset , and you get what you pay for .
 This phone was an extreme disappointment . I had to return for another phone after trying to use it for 3 days . The volume is very quiet , even in maximum ! The screen is very small and difficult to see in the day light . The bottom of the phone to charge plug is not smooth and has sharp edging . No wonder they had to give more rebate than the 1c cost for you to use it . It is not worth it .
 Based on the three reviews -LRB- all gave five stars -RRB- on Amazon.com as of October 8 , 2004 , I bought this product and had to return it to Amazon.com two days later after receiving the phone . Once I installed the SIM card and battery and close the cover , I could not make the back cover open again . It took me at least 30 minutes and had two finger nails broken trying to open it . The upper body of the phone is made of some kind of plastic as far as I can tell and it can be easily scratched . I have not even used it and it already has scratches . Based on my experience , I would not recommend this phone no matter what good features it offers . Of course , if you would never need to replace the battery or install a different SIM card , you could consider this phone . I would give no star if it 's one of the selections .
 Have n't got the phone yet but the 1 star is for the shipping.Ordered 2 phones on Monday , the phone was not shipped `` within 24 hours '' cuz Amazon said I chose the `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' . Then Amazon used USPS and I did not get the phone until Tuesday the next week . That 's more than a week from the date the order was made . T-Mobile starts charging the cell phone service from Wednesday when the phone left the warehouse . Ended up paying cell phone service when the phone is not even activated.The shipping experience sucks . Should never believe `` usually shipped within 24 hours '' if you choose free shipping . Be ready to pay extra $ for the days you have n't even received the phone .
 I hate this phone . As time goes by this phone gets worse and worse . I am having problems dialing and getting the phone to hang up . I ca n't wait to go back to Nokia just as soon as T-Mobile gets a newer Nokia model other wise I will switch to another carrier soon . I have had nothing but problems with every other phone manufacture besides Nokia . Even the cheapest Nokia 's work better than the other manufactures phones I have owned .
 I got this phone in October and it was great for about a week . It drops calls all the time , and i am constantly apologizing at some point during any conversation for a dropped call . I used to sit in one place , not moving in my apartment in downtown Boston and it would STILL drop calls !!! I hate its unreliability , it 's the most frustrating phone ever and when you rely on your cell phone as your only phone , it really sucks when it does n't work . Do n't buy this phone , you can do better - i promise !! just do your homework ...
 This is my first motorola phone . If I had know about this , I would n't have bought this . No wonder it is not on sale anymore . This phone just blanks out when you keep dialing the numbers . Sometimes , the buttons do n't work and they freeze . When it happens so , it is hard to open the back cover to take the battery out . Bad design with Alarms ; you have to set it on everynight for the next morning . I had a sony ericsson before which had a nice feature of 7 days calendar . ` Exit ' buttons are wrongly designed . Overall , a very bad design .
 Cheap plastic . Feel like the lifetime is so short.Easily scratchable.Average reception.No missed calls list.Finally , nothing seems * good/ok * in this phone .
 I have only had this phone for a little over 2 months and I have sent it back to be repaired twice already . The first time , the camera stopped working and I was no longer able to take any pictures or view pictures that I had taken . I received a replacement and within a week I had to return the replacement . The second phone would not turn on after a week . I had not dropped the phone and there was no abuse to it . I am now on my third phone Motorola C650 . We 'll see how long this one lasts.Other than the returns , I do enjoy the features and find it relatively easy to use . If I had not needed to send it back , I would give it 5 stars . It is very difficult to open the back cover . I need to use a screw driver . The reception is good at times . Sometimes I have people saying to me , `` you get reception in here '' and in other places I ca n't get a signal when everyone else is on their phone . One of those things I guess .
 1 . Screen is too dark -LRB- complaints from lots of users and i experienced first hand -RRB- 2 . Camera is ok -LRB- not great but good for starters -RRB- 3 . Menus and options are too many . But easy to locate and use some simple stuff like how do i change the ringer tone ? 4 . Documentation is useless . google it to read more . . but you are wasting time.Not to worry about back cover issues -LRB- for first time -RRB- as it comes from Amazon separetly and you can install in 10sec . Yes if you want to open it for some reason use credit card approach .
 I really dislike this phone . When I read other reviews saying it was hard to open -LRB- broken nails , boo hoo -RRB- I thought that was sour grapes . But it took a combination of my husband and I 25 minutes to open the phone , which we ended up doing with a key and scratching the hell out of it . So fine , I got it all set up . But it would not transer the info on my sim card , so I had to rekeyboard my address book . Then , after a few days use , the sim card got dislodged and I had to go through opening the phone yet again ! The navagation is also tricky . I have very small hands and still find the buttons too close together . If you do n't lock your phone or keep it in a special case the camera comes on all the time . I have spent so much time adjusting the settings so it is effecient . I have no idea what they were thinking , but next time I am going back to Nokia .
 I 've just recieved this phone on 11/29 . When the phone goes into standby mode the screen display is completely black . I ca n't read the date or time or anything . The phone appears as if it is off . When keyguard is on , even movement of the phone does not make the back light come on . There is no way to determine at first glance if you have missed calls or messages . Has anyone else experienced this problem with this phone ?
 I bought this phone -LRB- moto c650 -RRB- along with Sony T610 -LRB- for the Family plan -RRB- . Pros :1 . Usb interface -LRB- If they have drivers -RRB- 2 . Appearence of the phone3 . Brand - Motorola - famous for cell phones .4 . Zoom functionality in the camera.Cons :0 . C650 is not user friendly1 . You can not take out the battery or SIM card once you installed it . You will endup breaking your nails .2 . Once you lock the phone . It is dark and you can not see anyting .3 . Incoming/Missed calls are very difficuit to find out -LRB- even you set it as the soft key -RRB- 4 . It has no side buttons to increase/decrease the voice volume while talking5 . The colors are t610 are much better than this .6 . The usb functionality is of no use . there is no driver available .7 . The phone does n't have the infrared port -LRB- IR -RRB- to connect to my laptop . i have around 100 contacts to enter . On my T610 it took only 5 minutes to enter .8 . I do n't know about other other phone -- But if you are thinking of buying eithter T610 or C650 . go for t610.I am going to return my phone and buy another T610 for my family plan .
 It has bad reception & sound quality in DC area on Tmobile . Java is slow as expected on Motorola Phones.Nothing has been improved since t721i as far as functionality goes . Except Speaker phone and BluetoothOverall
 I bought Motorola V600 in replacement of Sory Erricson T610 . I have used several cell phones since 1992 and this is the worst phone I have ever used.Phone book scrolling is very slow and some futures in this phone are not good at all . No Doubt that V600 have all the futures and look wise is very attractive but no use . I have been using this phone since November 2004 and now I am sick and tired with this .
 I regret SO SO much buying this phone and considering the price now you 'll be out of your mind if you buy it . The reception is the biggest issue , with T-mobile signal you 'll be striving almost everywhere to just make a call . When people get out of their house to make a call you know they are using T-mobile ... Battery life is the second biggest problem . Provided with only one battery , now I end up having to charge it almost EVERYDAY . Especially with its bluetooth on your battery can run from full to fool in just 40-min talking . Believe it or not now i carry the charger with me wherever I go even if I charged it this morning . Besides these two problems it also freezes for no reason sometimes . The entertaining capabilities is like none -- only a couple of stupid games available -- and they are trial versions!The response is incredibly slow considering the price and class of the phone . Never take pictures with this phone -- It just make me wan na bang this phone against my friend 's head who recommended this phone or throw it in fire for good .
 Do not waste your money on this phone . . I think it is possibly the worst phone ever . . I wished I would have done research before I bought it . . My friends have started to make fun of me saying my new favorite word is `` Whats that ? '' . . Reception is horrible and sounds like a walkie-talkie . . I 'm always checking my phones volume because I usually ca n't hear anything and it always is the highest it goes . . I 've had so many drop calls with this phone too . . I had to call people 4 times before ending up using my house phone ... I 'll have my phone in my pocket and next thing I know I take it out and have 2 missed calls . . the button is easily switched from vibrate to silent and even when it is on vibrate sometimes it does n't do it ... When I 'm on the phone many times it will freeze causing me to take my battery out or other times I will just be browsing on it and the screen will go white and force me to take the battery out . . I 've already sent this phone in once due to the camera not working , all the pictures I took where infrared . . This is my first motorola phone so i dunno if its just this phone or all of motorola . . BEWARE ...
 The only reason I got this phone is because it is a quad-band and I frequently travel oversees . That is one of the few redeemable qualities of this phone . The Bluetooth works good , but not great . Using a Bluetooth headset , once paired , is easy . The phone has a lot of neat extras.Now for the bad . The phonebook is aweful . It does not group all numbers under the same name , such as cell and home numbers . Each number requires a seperate entry . There is a little icon that distuingishes between cell and home . Very little . And since the phonebook is perhaps the most important thing on a phone , a bad one can ruin the phone.If you do not need all four bands , do not , I repeat , do not get this phone . Get an Ericsson . You 'll be much happier with it .
 Mine i got it brand new and it dies within 1 month . I have it replace by T-mobile and the new one once a again dies within 1 month of use . since then i have been replacing it for 2 additional times . So people , you see how reliable this phone can be right !!!!
 I have had this phone for 2 months now , and had to change it once already . It has MAJOR software issues , it freezes constantly , takes about 3 days -LRB- always on -RRB- to update date and time . Bluetooth works sporadically . If you bought one , sorry . If you have n't , buy something else -LRB- even the V300 is a lot better than this -RRB- .
 i have purches that phone 2 month ago after i got use to use the sony t610 . the sony was keeping my wireless bluetooth wireless device connected just fine but the motorola like to drop the connection and is unreliable.whan the bluetooth is connected you dont have much choices for ringtones , it is eather loud or not loud -- thats the choices.from tine to time the connection to the bluetooth will be lost and i have to restart the phone.also the software is very confusing even for me that im very good with computers.it happent to me that whan i want to dial using voice dialing and i didnt say anything it will dial someone.talk time is very good.the camers takes nice pictures.i have purchase the v600 because of the features but next year whan my contract end i will look for another phone not from motorola .
 In total I had to return my phone 5 times for 5 different reasons . Not a very good phone , but T-mobile was good about sending me a new one each time .
 What other reviewers have said about bad battery life and quality of this phone is true . I am now on my FOURTH V600 and I 've been using this phone for 3 months now . Thank god for T-mobile support , they exchanged the phone every time and overnighted me a new one . With any other wireless carrier , owning this phone would be a total disaster .
 I am currently on my replacement V600 which is now acting up . The first attempt at this and the V600 stopped taking a charge . Sent it back and got a new one . The new V600 is now randomly shutting off , loosing connections , and not recognizing my SIM . T-Mobile is doing what they can to help me as I love T-mobile , but hate the V600 . Luckily the V600 is still under warranty so a return is in it 's future , and another phone will come to live with me.The pictures I took with it turned out fine , I loved the BlueTooth connections , and when I could use the phone there were no connection problems . The hardware is the problem and I ca n't or wo n't waste more time on this .
 I got this as a Christmas present and it was amazing out of the box , but as the months have passed , it has developed annoying personality quirks that make it unreliable . The operating system locks up frequently , forcing me to remove the battery and turn the phone back on . The outside display breaks up and has to be restored by turning the phone off then on . The Bluetooth connection to my wireless headset will mysteriously drop out . The button response is often slow . And the voice recognition for voice dialing is n't very good -LRB- I never use it -RRB- . I have to say the camera is actually its best feature , taking very decent photos and the zoom works pretty well . All-in-all if it were stripped down and made more reliable , it would be an excellent phone .
 This phone looks better on the screen than in hands . I am having tons of difficult with this phone working on Cingular network - in midtown Manhattan apartment building on 50th floor or in Chicago suburbs this phone loses signal and has bad reception . Obviously Motorola had a bad designer for this phone - it is impossible to turn off ringer without making a sound , hard to believe but true . It is also too bulky and heavy compared to new phones . Stay away from this phone .
 I got this phone to use the Bluetooth with my Prius . That is about the only feature which works well . The buttons on the outside of the phone manage to mysteriously turn the ringer off resulting in missed calls or turn it from vibrate to ring resulting in embarrassing rings at inappropriate times . There is no way to inactivate them . The battery meter shows 6/6 -LRB- full charge -RRB- for two days . On the third morning , 6/6 . A few hours later , it is warning me every few minutes that the battery needs charging . I ca n't find a way to tell it `` I know . Now stop yelling at me '' . The interface for entering numbers is far from simple . The only use I have had for the camera is to replace the screen background with a dark background for readability . The original background picture makes it difficult to see the screen.I bought the phone when I switched to T-Mobile because ATT would not discount a new phone with Bluetooth when my contract expired . The T-Mobile salesman lied to me when he told me the phone workrd fine in the hospital I work at . He said his mother worked there and never missed a call . I never received a call.Unfortunately , I was too busy to get back to T-Mobile before 30 days so I am stuck with this phone for ten more months.Don ' t make the same mistake .
 It is not a very good cell phone . I actually get to work with dozens of different cell phones every year and this one , as much as I 'd like to recommend it because it a US manufacturer and a very well constructed device , is just not very good as a phone . It drops call easily , fails to receive calls reliably , changes ring modes spontaneously , and the operating system is not very pragmatic . For example , the called number history and received call history are each limited to ten numbers , sure it can download and play video wonderfully , but to limit the call history to 10 calls is short-sighted as I personally find that allocation of memory a little more useful . Similarly , the camera is well done , and the bluetooth is a nice feature , but the menu system can not be navigated with just the directional arrows , expect to have to use no less than 7 buttons while driving to call someone back .
 A lot of bugs and problems . I had my phone exchanged 2 times because it kept hanging up on all incomming calls . Come to find out , the case -LRB- all cases I have tried to date -RRB- make the flip out lid extend to the point of answering if not careful when unclipping from holster , so if your not careful , you will hang up on your call by mistake -LRB- now I carry the phone with no case in my pocket -RRB- . The phone is bulky . The top LCD screen keeps on getting distorted , I have to turn the phone on and off . The phone buttons have a very , very slow responses time and I have dialed the same numbers over and over in a hurry . The buttons on side of the phone are too sensitive , you can by mistake set it on silent mode -LRB- this happens ALL THE TIME ! -RRB- . And the most annoying issue on top of all others is that even if you delete your voicemail , the phone still shows you have calls , so you have to delete them manually in the phone to clear the icon . Next phone will be a NO-FRILLS , cheap , SIMPLE phone !
 I had very high hopes when I had my V600 in my hands . Now , after 5 months of use I regret the day I bought it . My aim was to get a flip cover phone with Bluetooth . On the paper , there was n't really any competition against the V600 . But the reality is altogether a different story.First , compared to the competition it is heavier . However , one can live with that.Second , the clamshell does n't flip open very easily . It requires some hand acrobatics to open with one hand -LRB- in case you have your suitcase or something else occupying your other hand -RRB- . Is it so difficult to create a small protrusion for a finger?Third , -LRB- and now it starts really getting bad -RRB- who in his right mind would put voice activation button which you tend to press every time you try to flip the cover open and the stupid phone asks you to say the name aloud . I do n't even use the voice call function for God 's sake!Fourth , the keypad is of very low quality . They keys do n't work always and there is flaking on my phone 's keypad where it writes `` V600 '' . Fifth , the software is the most none-user friendly one I have ever used . Granted , I had only one Samsung and all the other phones I have owned were Nokias but really , does it have to be so stupid ? Do n't Motorola engineers ever benchmark ? Just copy Nokia if you do n't have a good idea . Why do I have to create an entry for each number a person has ? Why ca n't I adjust the phone ring tone for different categories of people?Sixth , in my fifth month of usage , I need to recharge this headache of a phone every day!Seventh , the software sometimes decides not to connect to the Bluetooth earpiece . Bluetooth earphone is the only nice thing about Motorola . It is the best design in the market , light and small . However it has a horrendous drain on the batteries . Be warned.I am returning my V600 tomorrow and I am curious as to what they will do but I have had enough!I would advise anyone who need a good phone to stay away .
 I 've had three Motorola phones in the past . It was the past when digital networks did n't exist , having a cell phone was a luxury , and batteries last only a day at best . Since then Motorola has done some wonderful things to their phones and V600 is n't an exception
 I have had this phone for almost a month now and have been extremely dissappointed the performance . The phone does not pick up a good signal at all . With all other conditions the same my last two phones have had much better signals than this one . Motorola also has other phones , cheaper by the way , with better navigation , reception , and screen resolution . I would nto suggest buying this phone .
 I have had numerous problems with this phone . About 6 months after I first purchased the phone I had to return it as it would not allow me to hold a conversation for more than 5 minutes without dropping the call . I am in a great reception area and therefore T-Mobile graciously exchanged my phone.Now I am 6 months into use with the new phone and it 's starting to not only drop phone calls after short amounts of time on the phone , but also , the phone does not turn off !!! The screen constantly blinks on and off . The features are good -LRB- the bluetooth , and camera -RRB- but they do not make up for the horrible experience I 've had with this phone . I will never again purchase another Motorola .
 I used to work for T-Mobile . If you have problems with the phone , call the service center * while * your phone is acting up . Call the 800 # from a different phone . The rep will ask you a bunch of questions . 9 times out of 10 you will get a replacement phone . If it fixes itself while you 're on the phone , ask the rep to note the troubleshooting and stay on the line while they notate your account . If the phone acts up the same way again you have a track record and it will be easier to exchange your phone . With the V600 and V300 series , if it starts dropping calls just turn it off and back on again once every 24-36 hours . If you 're burning thru batteries , call Motorola if you 're past your 90 day window but within 12 months . Remember , if you 're nice to the rep they 're going to do everything they can to help you , especially if you 're to the point .
 initially i was pleased with this phone ; the camera shoots fairly good outdoor pics -LRB- though not indoors -RRB- , and the phone worked well enough -- for a bit , anyway . i 've had to have 3 replaced now -LRB- and 2 in a 2 week period alone -RRB- for what my service provider says are ` software problems ' with this phone -LRB- they do n't even sell them anymore -RRB- . the keypad -- flat , like most phones nowadays , has no separate keys -- and i had major problems with the keys being hyper-responsive or non-responsive ; i also kept getting error msgs that baffled my ever-competent provider -LRB- the phone kept saying my memory was low , and yet i store nothing on it -RRB- , as well as other problems , too many to enumerate . i 'm now switching to samsung , albeit somewhat regrettably , because i did like this phone ; but obviously there are ` fatal errors ' with the phone itself . in short , think long and hard about getting one -LRB- the last one i used for about a half hour before it ` broke ' again -RRB- . you 'd think with all the technology at our disposal that a company could make a viable phone that will not die -- or even just disappoint you -- within a matter of weeks , or , for me , within a half hour . so , buyer beware .
 Pros
 In June of ' 04 , I purchased the V600 when switching from ATT to Cingular . My old Nokia 6500 series worked just fine , and the service was satisfactory . Since changing phones and service , the V600 was replaced , replaced again , recalled and replaced , and finally replaced for the fourth time with a Motorola 551 . -LRB- I will be reviewing that one also . -RRB- I can not even count the ways that I hated the V600 . No electronic device , especially a phone , should cause someone to cuss out loud at least a half a dozen times each and every day . I do n't care if it can take a picture or walk the dog . I want it to answer when the time comes to answer . I want the ringer to work when and how I choose . I expect it to start dialing when I start pressing the keypad . The V600 did n't do any of these things consistently ... and there were a whole host of other maddening quirks that drove me to the aforementioned cussing.Buyer beware.Oh , and I also purchased the Motorola HS810 bluetooth headset . It now drops a call and needs re-charging after about 10 to 15 minutes .
 i have been researching cell phones these past few weeks and finally spoke to a customer represenative this afternoon who told me that the MOTOROLA V600 and V300 will no longer be sold because they were having so many problems with them . buyer BEWARE ! hope this helps .
 Again , stay away from this phone . I 've made the mistake not to take into consideration the negative reviews that had previously been posted on this site -LRB- btw , it looks like I am the first to do a review for this phone ; that 's funny , I was here the day before and there were multiple other reviews for this V600 -RRB- and went ahead and bought the phone . Major mistake . I got the phone Nov 22 and ever since I 've been having only problems with it . I am returning it to Amazon for replacement with another phone . Not Motorola for sure . It loses the signal just out of the blue , and it wo n't come back to life for anywhere between 10-15 minutes and a couple of hours . If during this time I want to make a call I have to power it off and back on . I have 2 other lines with T-Mobile with different phones , and they all work in the same areas and conditions.It also appears that Cingular -LRB- another GSM carrier which had this phone -RRB- already pulled it off the market for reasons unknown to me . I can only guess why : - -RRB- Otherwise , nice features , it is small enough , Bluetooth compatible , takes decent photos . Too bad it ca n't do what it is actually supposed to do best
 I am on my third replacement v600 from T-Mobile and have now given up on it . Dropped calls galore . Bluetooth operation is intermittent . It constantly flags every call that I answer as a `` missed call . '' Wallpapers from camera images are stuck at a `` zoom 75 % '' size.Every one of the 3 phones had the dropped calls plus some combination of the other problems . I will say it 's ruggedly built , but what good is that if the software is buggy ?
 Pros :1 . Good looking design.Cons :1 . Randomly freezes . Power off or taking battery out will bring phone back to life .2 . Missed calls , rarely though .3 . Bluetooth is not stable .4 . T-Mobile has sent me 3 replacement phone so far . Each one of those had Cons 1 -RRB- and 3 -RRB- .
 I bought V600 last year in June , as soon as it came out thru Cingular Wireless.Phone kept losing connection with service . Every 10 minutes or so , if I am talking to someone , it would drop the connection . Even though I have full 4 bars on my connections.I returned it . Cingular does have great service , it sent me another phone , same model.This phone kept freezing up . So I sent that one back after a week.Cingular sends me another V600 . This one has problem with the bluetooth module , and did a automatic reboot of itself.Finally , I gave up and so did Cingular . They told me that Motorola has had lots of problems with this phone . So Cingular sends me another phone , V551.Well , that was the end of line for me . Even with this phone , which was supposed to have all the problems fixed of V600 , it is slow to response , and loses connections to the service . I know its not cingular problem , because it does show that i have 4 bars of connection . Its just , it doesnt want to work.This was my first and Last Motorola phone . I WILL NEVER BUY Motorola crap again .
 the looks were great and it was from Motorola ... so i went and purchased it . but the main problem is that it drops calls after every 12 mins.everything else is fine with the phone .
 I 'm VERY disappointed with this purchase ! The screen on the front often distorts and stops working . The internal screen stops working all-together . Then , suddenly it begins to work again after a week . Then , it breaks again . I 've had to switch back to my old phone.A friend of mine also has the V600 , and is experiencing the exact problems I am having.I do n't recommend this phone . Motorola really slipped up on this one !
 I have used Motorola phones for over 6 years now and when I changed jobs , I switched carriers -LRB- Verizon to T-Mobile -RRB- and phones . Unfortunately , I have been disappointed greatly by both . The phone is slow to react when you answer calls , heavy and it `` freezes '' up and the only way to get it working is removing the battery and reinserting it . In terms of service , I 've had more dropped calls in 1 month than in 6 years . The service is horrible . I understand the Verizon is more expensive , but if you want service ... I suggest you switch out of T-mobile ...
 I have had this phone for about 6 mos . I have sent it back 3 times and still have the same problems . Intermitent `` dead periods '' in the middle of a call for 1 sec to 60 sec . They have sent 3 replacements with the same issues . My wife has another brand phone on the same GSM service and it works when my does n't . Stay away from the V 600 !!
 This has to be the worst phone i have ever seen ... and i have been using cellphones for quite a while now . Everything that everyone says is bad about this phone is true ... every single complaint you WILL experience one time or the other with this phone . I have owned the V600 for about 4 months now . . and it 's on it 's way for it 's first handset exchange.You get a white screen without warning , especially when you are about to recieve a call . So the call is lost , and you have to take the battery out and re-insert to get the phone working again . Now my battery only holds about 2 hours of charge even after a full recharge ... which means if i do not have a charger nearby ; too bad for me !! Dropped calls happen ever so often that it 's so not a joke anymore ; and it connects to my bluetooth headset and bluetooth car kit when it feels like it.It 's been a total nightmare !! Motorola should be held to some kind of class-action suit or something . . this phone , with all it 's cool features , just does not cut it especially for extremely busy professionals . T-mobile service just further adds insult to injury . . my handset exchange is on hold for a while now because they are back-ordered with this model . I 'm sure that is due to the numerous complaints with the phone . Whatever you do , especially with the sales offered by so many companies on this phone that it looks like an awesome deal -LRB- why do u think it is so cheap in the first place ??!! -RRB- DO NOT GET THIS PHONE !!
 We bought this phone for an expensive price last year thinking it was one of the best Cingular had to offer . Nothing but problems over and over . We tried to report it as defective phone - it would n't hold the voice mail set up and you had to call cingular again and again to reprogram it . Then there is the problem of the buttons on the side that change your ring from loud to silent with a beep but those buttons should be located elsewhere where they accidently wo n't get pressed . We have 4 Cingular phones one Motorola V600 and the rest the Motorola V400 GSM . ALL OF THE PHONES DROP CALLS LIKE CRAZY . YOU CAN BARELY EVER GET A CONVERSATION TO ENDURE TO ITS CONCLUSION WITHOUT IT DROPPING . ALSO WHEN YOU TRY TO DIAL OUT IN THE CAR , THE `` CALL FAILED '' HAPPENS MORE TIMES THAN IT GOES THROUGH . AS SOON AS THIS CONTRACT IS UP - WE 'RE THROUGH WITH CINGULAR . BEFORE CINGULAR WE HAD SPRINT AND THEY DISCONTINUED THE 3 PHONES WE HAD AND A FRIEND WHO WORKED FOR SPRINT TOLD US THAT THE REASON THEY DISCONTINUED OUR PHONES WAS DUE TO A PROBLEM WITH DROPPED CALLS - WE ALSO HAD TONS OF DROPPED CALLS WITH SPRINT . BEFORE THAT IT WAS AT&T Wireless - with dual band analog/digital but that did n't work the way it was supposed to either so every time you were out of range - the call dropped . WAY BACK WHEN WE HAD A CELLULAR ONE BIG PHONE THAT NEVER DROPPED CALLS . WHAT 'S HAPPENED ? PROBABLY TOO MANY USERS NOW SO THEY ROTATE DROPPING CALLS PURPOSELY SO THAT ALL THE USERS WILL THINK THEY GET EASY ACCESS TO THE TOWERS - JUST LIKE THE ISPs DID WHEN THEIR CUSTOMER BASE BECAME TOO LARGE FOR THEIR SERVER CAPACITY .
 I got 3 replacements of this phone and it still went bad . The screen dies and volume gets lower with time . Dropped calls are just too much . I am sure I must have lost a few friends when I had this phone.Tmobile service sucks . There is essentially no customer service . I am not going to T-mobile ever again.MOtorola has good phone but V600 is not one of them . My wife has V300 and it works good .
 I just sent in my phone to Motorola for repairs . In addition to Motoral being completely consumer UN-friendly , the phone has serious problems . As you will read in other reviews , the side keys are way too sensitive and will turn the phone to silent if you 're not careful . The key response is very slow . It can take over a second for the phone to register the pressing of the key . I 've had the phone for about 6 months and the internal screen started to come off and leak some sort of jelly-like substance . My experience with their customer service was , quite possibly , the worst I 've ever experienced . If you 're looking for a good phone , pass this one up . I 'm going back to Nokia .
 Only had it for one night , phone did not start the second day . They gave me a new one ! The second phone they gave me had problems charging the battery sometime it charged sometimes it did not . eventually the receiver stop working it did not receive or send calls . The company changed it again . thats 3 times too many for me !!
 This is one of the worst phones I 've ever owned . Prior to this I had the Motorola T720 , and I did n't like it either . The only reason I went with the V600 was because I like the flip phones , and at the time I purchased this one , it was the only flip with bluetooth , and I wanted to use a bluetooth headset I already owned.The reception is terrible , and I do n't care what that other guy says , the phone does have a lot to do with it . I was told that by a customer service rep.I do n't like the way the addresses scroll . There 's always a slight delay when pushing the scroll buttons ... very annoying . And I have the same problem here with the ringer getting set to silent mode when I put the phone in my pocket . That 's because of the stupid buttons on the side . They are useless . I do n't know why Motorola insists on using them.I like the speakerphone feature , but again , Motorola screwed that up . You can only turn on the speakerphone after a connection is made . How rediculous . You should be able to turn it on before placing a call , or when answering a call ... like the cordless phone in your house.A friend of mine just got an LG phone which he has been raving about . I think I will dump this phone in favor of that one .
 This phone has a nice quality feel and comes with some great professional sounding ringtones so I do n't feel like a monkey grinder when my phone rings . The phone has decent voice recognition . The battery life is so-so , giving me about 2 days for average use . It gave me 140 minutes talk time using the speaker yesterday . The speaker feature is indispensible , especially for sitting on hold . I also like bluetooth headset support . Finally , the menus are fairly intuitive and there are some cool customization features . My wife wishes she had the V600 menus on her Sony Ericson T610.With the good out of the way , let me now say I too wish I had her T610 with the V600 menus . My problems with the V600 :1 -RRB- QOS is terrible . TMobile sent me a replacement . I was pleasantly surprised by their support , but the new phone is no better . My calls cut in and out and are otherwise difficult to understand while my wife 's calls are crystal clear -LRB- We share a plan -RRB- .2 -RRB- Bluetooth is non-standard and limited . The phone does not use the BT phonebook standard . I am able to send one number at a time to the phone from my PocketPC , but not a whole phonebook . I can download files from it , but can not send files up . As a result , I can not put a nice picture of my wife or dog as wallpaper or in the phonebook unless I took it with the phone . I tried other BT things as well that did not work . It 's so bad that I wonder if TMobile had it crippled to increase use of their connectivity services . Oh , and it drops BT connections to my PktPC , computers , and wife 's phone . I wish the phone had infrared to fall back on .3 -RRB- The camera takes mediocre images at best . I understand the v500 series is much better . Plus , I have to decide what to do -LRB- store , send , both , ... -RRB- with every image before I can shoot another .4 -RRB- The phonebook is terrible . An entry can have only one number . So , if you have 3 numbers for mom & dad , they take 3 entries . Combine that with lack of search and only 1st letter navigation and you feel like you have been kicked back to the 20th century . I dread looking up my 'M ' friends -- press M then scroll 10-20 entries .5 -RRB- Another 20th century hassle -- voicemail could be much better . It does not identify the mail when it arrives or delete the new mail indicator after I have listened . Instead , I go into the Messages menu to see I have 3 from `` Voice Mail '' . After I have listened , I have to manually delete them from the Messages menu . Ughh ! 6 -RRB- I too have had display problems . This is unimpressive but minor since rebooting the phone is no big deal and no data is lost .7 -RRB- Finally , a minor design gripe
 I 've had the V600 for about 3 weeks . It has great features , but it `` locks up '' for short periods of time -LRB- 1 minute to 2 hours -RRB- . It eventually comes `` back to life '' , or the batteries can be removed and the device rebooted.T-Mobile has no plan to make these work . This is a `` Known Issue '' . Motorola has not plans to fix it . The V600 is approaching `` End-of-life '' . Cingular recalled ALL of their V600s and replaced them.If T-Mobile cared about retaining their best customers , they would replace all V600s with a reliable phone .
 There is nothing great about the Motorola V600 . It 's pretty much a typical cell phone with some features that are supposed to make your life easier . I 've had this phone for over a month now and here 's what I 've discovered I hate about it . My biggest gripe with the V600 is the side buttons . When the phone is closed , the side buttons are still active , and they change the ring style . Since I carry it in my pocket , I 've had plenty of instances with the ringer being turned off , to vibrate , or to loud accidentally . This is a huge usability flaw in my opinion . Normally the side buttons are inactive when a flip phone is closed . Not the case here.Another problem area is the phone book . I ca n't believe they make new cell phones that ca n't store multiple numbers with a single name . I have one person in my phone 5 times -LRB- home1 , home2 , work , cell , and pager -RRB- . This is really annoying when trying to find names . Furthermore , when storing to the SIM card , you ca n't store additional information like Category , Voice , and Picture . You can only use these features when storing to the phone , which defeats the whole idea of a SIM card in that if you change phones , you need to reprogram all the numbers again.One aspect of the phone I did end up liking was the design aesthetics . It 's a pretty cool looking phone and the external display glows blue . It also has three rings around the Motorola logo that glow when the phone alerts you to a call . However , the choice of material here is questionable . The back batter cover is a stamped metal piece that is extremely slick . I 've literally dropped this phone when my hands had a little moisture on them -LRB- remember I live in Arizona -RRB- . So I like what it looks like , but not what it 's made out of.Other features that this phone has are a calendar , web access , Bluetooth integration , calculator , voice recording , camera , video viewing capability , and instant messaging . These features all work fine , but once again , there 's nothing special about them . It seems that Motorola designers spent most of their time and energy in creating a phone that has completely customizable menus . You can rearrange menu items and configure hot keys to do pretty much anything . The first thing I did was set my configuration to my liking , but have not changed them since , so all the time and effort spent developing the interface was pretty much useless for me after the first hour.The reason I chose , and plan on keeping , this phone is because my brother works for Motorola and it was the highest-end phone that he could get for free . Guess I got what I paid for . I use my V600 on a T-Mobile account . So to recap , if you have other choices when it comes to choosing a phone , it might be a better idea to get the other phone . There 's nothing great about the V600 , but if you just want a phone to make and receive calls , it works just fine . Sound quality , included accessories , ring tones , and battery life are all up to par .
 This is my 4th cell phone and the last Motorola product I will ever buy . This rather expensive phone has lots of features that are difficult you use , flawed or useless . The thing I detest most about this phone are the left side buttons which are extremely sensitive to touch . When placing the phone in a pocket or holster , if you bump these buttons you will change your ring style usually to silent from vibe and ring , rendering the device an expensive brick . I `` upgraded '' to this phone and now experience frequent dropped calls and poor reception in areas where I used to have great service . Obviously Motorola did n't do its due diligence in human factors engineering or field testing of this horrible product
 I would not recommend this phone . It has plenty of bells and whistles , but suffers from poor reliability and design . The operating system frequently locks up , leading to missed calls . The ring buttons on the exterior of the phone are easily jostled and often change the ring style without the owner being aware of the change . Lately the phone has simply stopped ringing altogether when an incoming call is detected . The event lights work and the caller is identified , but no ring sounds . I have contacted TMobile and will be getting a replacement phone , however my research indicates these problems are widespread within the V600 model . Motorola would have done better to eliminate some of the bells and whistles and instead make certain the phone functions to make & receive calls .
 I run a OSX on a macintosh and would recommend anyone else doing that to stay away from this phone . It will not sych the way you want which generally ruins this phone for me .
 I use phone for talking . Not to take 5 mega pixel picture of a mountain or to browse webistes for free deals . And I suppose , I am paying monthly service fee for phone service rather than browsing , playing games etc. . Of course I would welcome any add on feature comes on top of basic feature.I used a nokia basic model from cingular . I liked it because I could see call lists for dialed numbers/recieved/missed . On this motorola phone , I did not see missed number log . In one day , I miss 10 calls , all I would see is last missed call number in the received call section . It is kind of confusing.This is a very basic feature and is missing . I do not know who tried to call me !!! Of course , I did experience call drops during long duration calls . Battery life is not good.Let me get one thing straight to motorola or who ever the engineers building cellphones !! GET THE BASIC FEATURE WORKING !! Phones are used for Voice communication and it is absolutely essential that this feature works !! If I need to take picture , I will buy a 500 dollar 8 meg camera and take a good picture . . and If I need to browse , I rather log on to my laptop . Least , I expect is to have a phone which takes pictures / logs to net and fails to perform basic feature . . The voice communication . . My suggestion , donot buy this phone . I am stuck as I can not exchange this phone any more ...
 This phone has Bluetooth , a camera , and world compatibility , but misses out on everyday user-friendlyness . The phone `` operating system '' has major oversights and is horribly slow , often taking 1-2 seconds to respond to button presses . Moreover , the phone often displays erratic behavior , such as `` rebooting '' or hanging up on an incoming call upon opening . One glaring flaw is the recharging process . You would think that plugging a phone in for recharging would allow you to continue to make calls when the battery is dead . This is not the case ; apparently the phone only draws power from its battery and can not switch to wall current when plugged in . Thus the only solution is to recharge the phone before making the call . Do n't be fooled by the features , and get a phone whose everyday use is more convenient .
 This is the worst phone built by Motorola . The v300 was much better . A lot of bugs and problems . I had my phone exchanged 3 times . I called Motorola support , and they deny the problems.First , of all the phone is a bit bulky . The top cover can be very easily scratched . Next , the top LCD screen keeps on getting distorted , I have to turn the phone on and off.The phone has a slow responses time . The phone sometimes automatically turns off or freezes . The buttons on side of the phone are too sensitive , you can by mistake set it on silent mode . The phone does n't have any better signal then v400.I think this phone was built by a bunch of rookies .
 I bought this model phone from ATT Wireless in May 2003and have had considerable trouble with the display failing.The first time it failed was withing their 30 day return/swappolicy and so the local store exchanged it.The next 2 times , I carried it to an authorized Motorolarepair station here in Nashville and the second time , the service technician told that Motorola was having a lot oftrouble with this model and it 's display , but Motorola had n't made a permanent repair solution available to them yet.I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 Cingular phone.Volume gets less as time goes on.Boatloads of dropped calls.I use around 3000 min per month for business.We have 5guys using these & they all suck.I can not recommend this phone .
 I have never had luck with Motorola phones except for my Star Tacs from way back when . Poor reception , dropped calls , low volume , bad accessories , no date on outer screen , and screen problems are just a few of the problems I have had . I just cant understand why they cant make a phone that works and does everything . I would pay big for that .
 I tried to cancel my T-mobile service a month ago but I was told I need to pay $ 200 dollars unless I find someone to take over my resposibility . I was suggested to suspend my account so that I did n't need to pay the monthly charge until I find someone to take over my phone . I do and find someone to take over my responsibility . Now they charged me $ 50 for last month during suspension that I never used my service . I talk to the superior and they said that either you pay $ 50 now or do the cancellation and pay $ 200 . Why different people in T-mobile tell you differnet story . Do n't trust this company . They steal every penny from your pocket !!
 I ordered a couple of V600 with T-Mobile service , from Amazon.com . This happened a couple of weeks ago . Amazon told me that the order would be delivered by 16th december.On 14th TMobile confirmed that the credit check is done and it is approved . Today is 21st and still Amazon says they have n't received approval from TMobile . TMobile again and again says they have sent the update to Amazon.Obviously no service provider takes two weeks to check the credit . So I am sure the bottleneck for my order is Amazon . SHAME ON YOU AMAZON !!! Regarding V600 with TMobile service , some of my friends are using it and it is too good . I am eager to see my new V600 phone . But probably I will not be able to see them in 2004 :--LRB- . I have ordered a few books , a laptop from amazon earlier and the service was prompt . But for mobile phones , do n't believe them . It seems they do n't keep track of their mobile phone inventory efficiently .
 I do n't know how many times this phone gave me an urge to smack the handset . External LCD character gets scramble more than twice out of 5 times , which really made me feel bad.But the worst part is that this phone sometimes does n't even perform its fundamental job which is just making and receiving calls . I believe the problem is ver poor signal reception compared to other brand cell phone -LRB- my service was T-mobile -RRB- . Battery performance is pretty weak as well.I 'm not sure this was the only problem of mine or not but , another problem was the regular speaker -LRB- not for the speaker phone -RRB- for the ear contact becomes dummy 7 out of 10 times , which eventually led me to throw the phone down at the ground so harshly.I mean , this phone has lots of funcionalities , especially bluetooth technology is pretty decent over all . But they first need to make the phone which has robust fundamental base -LRB- stable making and receiving calls -RRB- and then should add lots of features.I was regretting so many times while I was using this phone and I got back to Samsung again thinking that I would never go back to Motorola in the future .
 I have 200-300 nums . phone has to have diff entry for each cell , office , home . and search only works for first letter than you scroll till your car crashes . I have 40 entries under s and need avg of 23-25 clicks to find a name even though I am a power user and use tricks like searching for t and going backard into . I had motorola v66 and I thought moto would have fixed their search problems by two generations later v600 and i still got the stupid 20 key scroll . never buy motorola phones unless you intend to be moron .
 this phone has some very nice features , but they still are some of the most standard features w/the top of the line cell phones today . -LRB- bluetooth , camera , color , viseo , and mp3 ... -RRB- i used this phone not too long ago , and already had it sold to a friend.the design of this phone is what disapointed me . to me , it seems like moto just add some new features to an old phone -LRB- the phone looks not much different from the phones 3 years ago , or any other phones from other brands -RRB- . that 's why i might just pick a korean brand.well , i guess there are moto lovers who still just like this old design . but i am always looking for something more creative and cutting-edge . especially if i am going to spend money on it .
 I am so p * ssed off that i got suckered into buying this load of old cr * p. the functions are about the same as on my old mans ford anglia and so is the stitch gear . poorly thought out product . One good point is the excess weight of the unit -LRB- 2.5 Kg -RRB- means i dont have to go the the gym anymore , as carrying this around all day gets my arms and traps really pumped.Overall i wish i 'd gone for the V80 which is a real mans phone .
 I recently purchased the V600 Motorola phone and the Jabra BT250 Bluetooth headset through Cingular . The phone itself is quite cool . Cingular service in New Jersey and Texas , however , has been very spotty . The Jabra headset and/or V600 have not been worth the trouble . When the combination works , it 's very nice . However , I frequently lose the pairing between the two and have to take the SIMM card out of the phone and re-charge the headset -LRB- basically re-booting both of them -RRB- . The earpiece on the headset is pretty weak . I have to hold my finger on it to keep it in my ear so I can hear well . I might as well hold the phone to my ear .
 I have had the phone for about 7 months , I love many of the features , the colors , camera , blue tooth for my car and the size of the phone.But Ive had so many dropped calls and calls that do n't go through , that they have replaced it 4 times - Now cingular will replace this phone for a motorola v551 and they are no longer carrying the phone because of this known problem . The case also scratches easily . hopefully the v551 will be better.Dropped calls are frequent !
 Tech support is awful . i 've had 20 dropped calls in the past month . i 'll have four bars and in the middle of a conversation and the call would drop . I called Moto tech support located somewhere in india , and they said could do nothing . They told me to buy another $ 300 phone . i 've talked with several other v600 owners and they 've had the same problem . DO N'T BUY NEW MOTOROLA PHONES .
 T-Mobile replaced mine three times . Now my year is up and the reception has gone out . This has to be the worst phone ever . I 'm chucking it and never buying a Motorola product again .
 Twice now ive had to return this phone becuase it got no reception anywhere , not in my apt not in my school and not even on major freeways . Clearly a defective phone , twice . This happens everywhere , its not like the walls are 2 feet of thick concrete , its like this on the freeway ! Also , people with tmobile and other phones seem to get decent reception but its not even close to the quality of verizon and cingular and sprint in this area . tmobile in columbus ohio is very spotty , and the v600 is just a poorly designed/made phone . I heard its been recalled by cingular for having terrible reception due to some antenna issues , so Id suggest staying away from this . Also , stay away from motorola phones in general since the ones ive dealt with have VERY slow software programming , poor interfaces and tend to randomly freeze up -LRB- requiring pulling the battery off and then reinserting -RRB- . Getting bluetooth to work with this is also a pain -LRB- and im not exactly stupid when it comes to computers -RRB- , and to top things off , it wont ring and vibrate at the same time , the best it can so is vibrate and then ring after two vibrations . very stupid . also , the sound quality with full reception sounds a bit muffled . its like analog phone quality -LRB- without the coverage -RRB- in a digital world . id suggest a samsung a680/e317 instead .
 I 've had cellular phones since they first came out in a BAG with a full-size handset . This is the worsed performer of all I 've ever owned . Motorola has sent two V600 replacements -LRB- thanks to my service plan -RRB- and the same problem of dropped calls or no antenna persists.In any given location , the antenna strength drops to nothing or calls just drop off . A ` trick ' I 've figured out to get antenna signal back is to call my Service Provider 's number and allow it to fail ... this fills up the antenna strength ! Go Figure!Some features of the phone are pretty cool , such as the outside color lights , the clarity of the inside screen , or the camera features ; but all-in-all the main use of the phone needs antenna signals to work . It 's frustrating especially when you are on a business call or talking to someone you simply do NOT want to hang up on!I 'll sum it up by quoting my Service Provider 's comments , when he said , `` I get so many problem calls with the V600 , that we should be answering the phone saying , ` V600 Service Help Line ' . ''
 This phone has several problems including
 THE GOOD NEWS
 I was very desperate to get my mobile after I ordered it . Everything was cool for 1 week . No sooner a week I found nothing on the display on the flip . Something came back but couldnt read it . All the characters were half broken . When I opened the flip to check something no buttons worked . I had to restart the mobile -LRB- Reinsert the battery -RRB- . I got it replaced and alas the second phone gave started giving the same problem after 2-3 weeks . The display of this phone sucks . But other than that the reception in T-Mobile is good . The features are good . I am not sure of the size of the software , but there is a noticeable time gap for every button click you make . So be careful about buying this phone .
 I did ' t see the reviews before i got this phone . The first day it self the display got hung when my wife is trying to call me from the same shopping place . I had to remove and place the battery to get started . The same problem araised when the battery is down and the display is hung even when the phone is given charging . I had removed and placed the battery to get to see the screen . As one of the reviews say the software is also very slow.T-Mobile support asked me to do a master reset . But i am sure the problem is still there in this phone.This is a slow response phone !!!
 I would recommend against buying this phone . It 's not worth changing your service to T-Mobile with a horrible phone like this one just to get a great rebate . I purchased the V600 from Amazon in Nov last year , and had nothing but trouble with it . My main complaints were that the reception was very poor , and I was experiencing a large number of dropped calls . I realize that the T-Mobile service may not be the best in Los Angeles , but I have quite a few friends -LRB- using different phones -RRB- who have no complaints about the service - which leads me to believe this phone is to blame.If you are an extremely patient person who does n't mind bad reception and constantly having to call the person whom you 're talking to five times in order to complete your conversation , I guess this is a good phone for the money . It 's pretty compact -LRB- although heavy -RRB- , has a decent camera , the buttons are okay , and the clamshell design is nice . I tested the speakerphone quite a bit , and it worked very well.Bottom line
 I purchased the Motorola V600 3 weeks ago and is not worth $ 20 . Issues :1 . The `` 7 '' and sometimes the `` 6 '' key . I would have to depress those keys multiple times before it would register .2 . The phone would freeze when I was disconnecting from a call . The phone would not hang up and would have to depress the off button for 3-5 minutes before shutting down .3 . The volume control is poor . On the highest setting the volume is still low compared to other phones.I just purchased the Motorola V505 and seems to work better however , when I receive an incoming call and answer the call , when I hang up from that call - I get the message missed call so all calls I answer after I hang up are coming up missed call .
 i am EXTREMLY disapointed with motorola . i bought my v600 over the summer for 300 bucks and loved it for about a month . but then , it went dead . just like that , with no warning and no low battery . it wouldent turn on and wouldent show any sign of life no matter what i tried . i went everywhere to see what was wrong but not even the experts could not figure it out . so i looked up the warranty info and found that it was still under warranty , and that if i just sent it in , motorola would fix it and send it back to me in no more then 15 days . so i sent it , and they recieved it on september 3rd . i expected that at the latest , it would be back at the end of the month . i called and called when it dident come , i talked the people on the phone about a million times and they gave me a diffrent deadline when my phone WOULD be here everytime i called , and every time , that day passed with no v600 at my door . i was informed that it would be replaced because the problem could not be fixed , but by this time , i was already a VERY dissatisfied customer . after talking to all those people on the phone and wasting all my time , and even being hung up on by one , my phone got here today . today is OCTOBER 19TH AND I JUST GOT THE PHONE . that is over TWICE what they said it would be . OVER A MONTH WITH NO CELL PHONE . and thats not all . the replacement is RE FURBISHED and has time on it so i cant sell it . it also has a dent a plastic part , the speaker has a rattle AND the down button on the pad barely works . i dont even want to waste any more time on the phone with motorola . this was the LAST purchase i will ever make from them and i recomend you do the same .
 3/14/05 update
 While i am stuck with this phone because I bought it from Amazon , I would suggest do not buy this phone . The phone sucks when it comes to user experience . Things I do not like1 -RRB- Phone book - You have to add 3 new entries for the same person if he/she has a home/work/cell number . There is no way to indicate each of them . You have to type in the name itself -LRB- For e.g John Work , John Home , John Cell -RRB- There is no page up/down keys or incremental search . So if I have to look for John , I can only type J and it will take me to the first J entry . From there I have to scroll each entry till I find John . Very weak feature .2 -RRB- If you have international numbers , you have to workaround for entering a ' + ' into the number because the entry screen will not allow anything other than numbers .3 -RRB- When I try to insert a picture message , it always tells me `` There are no pictures to insert , even though I have many pictures on the phone `` 4 -RRB- The voice reception sucks big time . Very low voice reception.Overall a bad product . I would never buy Motorola again . My antique Samsung phone had more user intuitive features than this one .
 I was pretty psyched when I got the V600 . I took advantage of the great offers Amazon.com has and pretty much just got the nicest phone I could without paying anything after rebates . Amazon.com was great and T-Mobile customer service was pretty spiffy too . However , unlike a lot of reviewers , this review is about the phone not the service provider or retailer . This little baby has some good features but what you 've heard about battery life is true . It 's a steady and accelerating decline , likened to what a lot of people have experienced with iPods . I have to charge it at least once a day and most of my longer -LRB- > 30 minute -RRB- conversations usually end with `` I got ta go my phone 's dying . '' The second and biggest problem is that this phone has started to freeze up and shut itself down . At first I would just turn it back on . Next I had to pop out the battery and then it would come back on . As of this morning it 's just flat out dead . The service guy at the T-Mobile store said he 'd been having a number of the V600 's coming back with similar problems . I called T-Mobile support and they have a severe shipping delay on these b/c so many are coming back in . So now they 're sending me a V330 . Hopefully I 'll have better luck with that one .
 The phone is OK and seems HD , but the outside screen stopped working after 4 months . Warranty is no good becasue they charge you $ 55 to replace.DO NOT BUY if you want MP3 use . will only play in MONO , not stereo . Motorola and Nextel can not provide a headset or adapter that makes it work .
 I sent the phone back because the you could n't hear very well from the ear piece ... I turned the volume up as far as it would go and still could n't hear well .
 The battery I received is not new ; the seller listed it as a new one . The battery does not even last for 12 hours without any talk time . DO NOT BUY IT ... no wonder the shipping charger are more than the price of the battery . Just a waste of money .
 It 's a battery and it works . . plain and simple . The problem was the delivery !!! It took them too long to deliver it .
 I ordered a replacement battery for a Nokia 6555 and this was the battery that came up in the search . This is not the correct battery and the company that sent it tried to fix the problem , but it never worked out . I do n't know how the battery worked because it did n't fit in my phone . The reason this rating is low is because this was n't the item I needed .
 It was because I could no longer obtain good quality BL-5C 's that I finally gave up my Nokia phone.I think the last battery I tried in it was one of these , it actually had worse performance than the battery I had used for a year and was trying to replace.These might be phonies from China or just so old that they are chemically inert , but I am afraid I ca n't recommend these .
 the product is great , I had to buy it from Nokia . the company Webtec never sent me my order . I gave them four weeks to sent it , but I never got it and they did n't give me any support when I contacted them about the order . NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM WEBTEC !!!!!
 This battery did not come in a NOKIA package and the black paint on the Nokia Hologram Logo is worn ??? It only seem to last a little longer than the old one it replaces .
 The battery does not hold a charge and is no better than the old one I replaced .
 The battery did fit properly in my Nokia cell phone . It needed more regular charges than the original when new . The original though was on it 's last legs . After 7 months the replacement battery would n't hold a charge so I ended up putting the original back in . I have to charge the original way too often -LRB- but it STILL works -RRB- and will be buying another replacement.The seller acknowledged that the battery was under warranty and offered a replacement but has n't responded for weeks.The seller did the easy part in promptly shipping the battery . Since then the seller is as disappointing as the battery .
 This battery only lasts about as long as the one I 'm replacing -- 1 day . I 'm not sure if it was already used or what , but it has no battery life . I ca n't recommend .
 In short , after I took battery out of package and placed in phone , normally I assumed that it would need charging , however big problem , battery would not hold charge . Very defective .
 I am not pleased with this purchase . I needed a new battery for my cell phone . I did a search through Amazon and purchased the battery . This was a waste of money , as the battery will not hold a charge .
 i bought this cellphone battery and it wo n't even last a day long , wo n't hold the charge even for the entire day , very disappointed with this product
 The company sent me a second battery since the first one would not stay charged . The second battery also would not last more than 8 hours without needing to be charged .
 Originally I was happy that the correct battery arrived , and quickly . Then I noticed that it did n't hold a charge any better than the 3-year-old battery I was replacing . Clearly , it 's as least as old as my OEM battery . Boo !
 Price too good to be true ! You know the rest ... This cradle has no contacts for the phone to charge . You place it in the cradle then plug into the side of the phone ... Nice dust collector .
 I 've been using the phone for 12 months and it has n't been as good as I initially thought . Granted , this was a top of the line phone a year ago and it would n't have been possible to get anything much better.Gripes
 This item for my Sony Ericson phone lasted me about two months and then the cables got messed up . I could only hear one side of my headphones . I was concerned the moment I got the headphones in the mail because the cables for it seemed twice as thin as the original Sony Ericson equipment and boy was I right to be suspcious . Poorly constructed . Why does n't Sony Ericson sell their original accesories for their phones ?
 The product description for this product claims it is compatible with my phone -LRB- Sony Ericsson K750i -RRB- but it is not - the plug simply does not fit .
 The product description says that it fits the K1m and K1 . But if the skin case is going to look like a hanging skin onto your wonderful cellphone i am sure nobody who owns a K1 would like to buy this one . The cut-out for the charging is as per the K1m model so if you have to charge your K1 mobile you have to remove it from the case to charge it . So the very purpose of a skin case is lost . If you own a Motorola Krzr K1 , i recommend you not to buy this product .
 Got the phone 2 days ago . Fully charge over night , went to work , battery run out before i got home !!! Total calls made = 4 , Total minutes used = 10 mints , Total battery life < 10 hours ! Return next day . Great looking phone , lot of functions , feel very well build , but terrrible battery life !
 I have had my i930 for about two months . I travel quite a bit so I really need the GSM feature . Nextel did n't do their regular customers any favors with this phone . I 've been a Nextel subscriber for ten years and expected something better . I do have some good news for those owners that are daring enough to do some hacking . Sign on to -LSB- ... -RSB- and pay the nerd that runs the sight $ 9.95 and you can download a program and a set of directions that will unlock this aggravating beast . From then on it will run anything that runs on any Windows smartphone . If Sprint really intends to continue selling this model they should unlock it . If I had a choice -LRB- I use it for work -RRB- I 'd get rid of it and get something else .
 I 've had this phone for about a year and a half and I CAN NOT wait until my contract is up . I originally got this phone because I was going to Italy and needed a phone that worked overseas.This phone is extrememly heavy and large as far as cell phones go and I am very disappointed with the options . You ca n't even change the volume of the alarm that goes off and it 's unnecessarily loud.The battery life of this phone is the worst of any phone I 've ever had . I have to charge it up at least once a day whereas with other phones , I could go three days without charging them.This phone is overpriced and nowhere near worth the money it costs . I would NOT recommend it to anyone .
 The product description listed Blackberry as compatible with this headset , so I ordered it . Unfortunately it does not fit my Blackberry 8220 .
 didnt work when I got it . I think it was used , said verizon on it but came in a crappy plastic bag . was too cheap to bother with returning .
 These look like nice little headsets but the plug is not compatible with our simple LG cell phones or our panasonic and uniden home phones . Diameter of plug is OK so it 's an electrical thing .
 I have not received this order . I thought that with all the Christmas rush and troubles at the post office that it would be late ... . but it still has not arrived.I ca n't rate a product that I have not yet received?Please advise.Thanks
 it didnt work with my lg phone . . i couldnt hear anything through the speaker and i tried everything but its just a crappy piece of equipment .
 Nokia earset from 10 years ago was better . The one that used to come with 3650 series -LRB- for free -RRB- .
 This headset is really uncomfortable . It feels the earpiece is made out of a round razor blade with a thin piece of foam over it . It 's as if the ear piece is just way too big for my ear hole . I ca n't wear it for more than a minute but it does n't matter because the person on the other end can never hear me on it anyway . At least it was cheap .
 Says `` BlackBerry '' in the title description but does NOT fit most BlackBerry phones which need 3.5 mm headsets . Can get an adapter to go from 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm otherwise . Note that the seller states `` we make no claim or guarantee of compatibility between products ; it is the responsibility of the consumer to ensure compatibility prior to completing order . '' It has a Verizon logo on the headset . It does n't feel like the most comfortable fit either .
 The earphone works fine with my LG phone but I bought it for my Blackberry and the jack is too small .
 I 've used Plantronics headsets for probably 50 years . Initially when flying oceanic runs for air to ground contact , and later with ham radio . I purchased the MX203-X ! Mobile Headset to try it out and it worked so well that I purchased several more to give to my family to use . Recommend without reservations .
 Most smartphones and blackberries now require 3.5 mm headsets . So if you have a blackberry or smartphone , do NOT buy this . It will not work with your phone .
 I bought three of these for me and my employees . The person on the other end of the phone complains that they can not hear us . If we take off the headset , they can hear us just fine . We have tried two different phones and it still does the same thing .
 This should not list Blackberry in the title as it did n't work with my 8330 and just found another review that it does n't work with the 8220 . And it 's annoying because it 's not really worth it to pay shipping to return to Amazon .
 It was stated that this headphone would work with a blackberry but it 's not the right size . I guess I should have checked more carefully but took it at face value . I did try the headphone with one of home phones and the microphone did not seem to pick up my voice very well . I 'm not sure how much I will even use it as I wanted it for my cell phone .
 Obviously I should have done more research to find out that my LG Android phone is not compatible with this 2.5 mm jack . Even otherwise , this was a generic brand , not plantronics . I did consider buying the converter for an extra couple bucks after I realized that this was too small for my phone 3.5 mm jack , but I could n't quite get it to be comfortable on my ear and the reviews for the cheaper converters did n't look too promising . The seller also has a 7-day return policy , so I could not return it either . So , I 'm stuck with it even though I have no use for it !
 The mobile headset did not work on the phone -LRB- 2.5 mm -RRB- I purchased it for . No one can hear me though I can hear them . Not worth the money to send it back so , I just have to chalk this one up to experience .
 This headset works in that you can hear the person , and the person can hear you . However , even with the ear lobe clamp , the earbud always comes out of my ear within a few seconds . In its original condition , this headset was not functional for me since it would n't stay in my ear . However , I made the earbud stay in my ear by taking an old Jabra fitted ear gel and putting it over the ear bud . With this alteration , the ear bud stays in , making the head set work pretty well.The headset that I received was not the headset pictured . What I received is an ugly , red , plastic headset . Tacky . It says Verizon wireless on the side .
 I ordered this before the other two reviews were written , so I did not get the warning . As other reviewers said , Amazon sends adaptors that are markedly different from the one shown in the picture . The one that I received was a long wire with a pop connector on one end , a mini-jack on the other , and `` volume control-answer button-mute switch '' controls in the middle of the wire . This wire is as long or longer than a headset wire , so , if you are like me and are planning to use this adaptor for hands-free in your car or to use this adaptor to connect regular earphones and listen to MP3s on your phone , you will have to deal with a yard or more of wire.The first adaptor that Amazon sent did not even work , my phone kept showing `` Enhancement not supported '' message . I was told that I receive a replacement that is exactly as the one in the picture , but I was sent the same long wire again - this time it performed functionally . Apparently , Amazon has a mix-up with picture/item number , because the item number on the web-site and the item packaging matched , but the way adaptor looks does not . Surprisingly , the wrong picture is still up on Amazon 's website almost a month after the first negative review and two weeks after I notified them of the error.Amazon was great accepting returns -LRB- shipping paid by Amazon -RRB- and now I am waiting for the Nokia HDA-10 adaptor to be in stock .
 Same comment as the previous reviewer
 The item I received is not what is shown in the Amazon photo . The photo shows a one piece unit with a 3.5 mm headphone jack . The item shipped has a long wire with the jack on the end . Not as neat as the item shown . Style numbers match up so Amazon has the wrong photo . Be careful . Check before ordering .
 Did n't last very long , about 3 months before the plug broke . Not very robust . Decided to just haul my iPod around more and not attempt to use this my phone for mp3s .
 The pop port is a rather difficult port in the first place requiring considerable manipulation in both insertion and removal . Add to that a fragile and cheap low quality product , and you have failure written all over . I bought this and the plastic connector pins on the ends -LRB- hooks -RRB- broke after 3 insertion and removals.Avoid this product .
 The adapter I received did not resemble the item advertised . What I received was a mono adapter . Totally useless , but not worth paying to send it back .
 Too bad I did n't have the benefit of those previous reviews when I ordered this . I waited 2 months and then was shipped something completely different . In fact I did n't even get a headphone adapter at all ... I got a handsfree headset with an earbud and microphone . Do they just ship whatever they have laying around ??? Do not get suckered in on this one ...
 I received the product , but it did n't match the photo on the website at all . I also noticed that the call button is triggered even if it has n't been pushed . The result is that my phone attempts to dial constantly making the phone unusable . I did work around the problem by switching the microphone switch to off . The product is either defective , or not compatible with my phone . My advice would be to stick to the products directly from Nokia 's website .
 I thought this would be a great deal , but it turned out to be utterly worthless . The car charger did not work at all and the earpiece would not even plug in . I did not plan on using the cover anyway so that is worthless to me as well .
 I order this item again for to replace the previous same item , because the previous was defective . Now the new one too is defective . The headset is not fitting in the phone . I am too disappoined with the product quality , this is purely useless and I will not recommend anyone to buy . I strongly demand amazon , not to sell this product on their site and loose their credibility .
 The headset does not fit into the nokia 6682 . The car charger is working at the moment and the case fits the phone alright even though with the case on the phone , the reception is sometimes reduced . Take the case off and reception is increased.It looks like the only problem is with the headset . However , the good thing is , buying the 6682 comes with the headset so it is not really a problem.All the same , in order for amazon to be the place of choice for shoppers , this combo needs to be taken off the website . It is only reducing amazon 's reputation for providing exceptional products and services . I got this combo before checking out previous reviews and I regret it to an extent . It 's not a bad deal since 2 out of the 3 products work but in order for amazon to have really loyal customers , they needs to do better than that .
 I bought this and it turned out to be utterly useless . The charger plug is loose ! Even when connected it does n't look like to charges the phone .
 Charger does n't work , headphones mic does n't work . Get a better sleeve for $ 1 on the street .
 my car adapter lasted for about a week and then it broke and my case riped on the 2 day
 I have 2005 Honda Accord . For some reason , the lighter adapter does not work in my car . You may have better luck with other vehicles .
 The ear piece does not work properly . Can barely hear anything . It has now broke on me . The leather case does not fit the phone perfectly . The bottom is too big for the phone .
 I got totally different looking case in the mail . The case wo n't fit properly and opening are designed so bad , I could not connect usb wire through that . This case does not provide much protection to the phone as there are large open spaces . Front and back parts are joined by elastic band that looks so bad.Make sure you got delivered the kit that you see while ordering .
 This item basically is no good . The car charger is decent I suppose . However the case is pretty much the worst cell phone case I have ever seen .
 a car charger is around $ 7.50 in walmart . that would make the leather case about $ 2.50 ... and that 's probably correct . the case is made from a nice leatherette , but it just does n't stay on . a very stupid design . very , very ... so I guess the price is fair , the 10 $ , i can not imagine how in the world the original price would be $ 40 ...
 As another reviewer found the case received was NOT the case shown and was n't even close to fitting . Even if it fit it is sooo cheesey looking . Its not even worth returning . The charger seems to work ok so I guess I 'll hang on to it .
 very Bad , i should say Worse designing of the leather caase for the Motorola RAZR V3 , The case does not properly stick to the phone and always slips through , My suggestion , Pick something else other then this product .
 The phone charger is pretty standard & works fine . However the phone case is very poorly crafted , and looks like it was made very hastily . The phone lid wo n't even close properly . I was too embarassed to even send it back . The charger alone was probably worth the ten bucks so that 's why I kept both items . I guess I was lured to this item by the price , but as the saying goes you get what you pay for .
 The case , as everyone else has stated , makes a very attractive phone look very ugly really quick . The charging port cut out 's measurements must have been estimated . BELIEVE everyone 's comments ! If you want a good case , look into the `` Body Glove Scuba II Case for Motorola RAZR V3 '' . Learn from the rest of us . If you spent the money for the razr , spend a little extra for the case . If it were not for the charger then I would have been out of the few bucks I spent with nothing to show for it .
 I was disappointed that the case I received was different from the picture and it was hard to get the phone to fit in the case . The charger was fine and the right one for the phone .
 WHAT I RECEIVED HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THE `` PICTURED '' PRODUCTAND TO ADD INSULT TO MY WASTED TIME ; AMAZON CHARGED FORSHIPPING & RETURN CLAIMING THAT THE BUYER HAS CHANGED HIS MIND.SHORT & LONG OF IT ; THIS WILL BE THE LAST PRODUCT I WILL EVER PURCHASE THROUGH AMAZON.COMI GUARANTEE IT
 ... do n't waste your time on this case , cheapest thing I 've ever seen for such a quality phone . `` Shame , shame , shame , ... '' charger is good though ... !
 First , the picture on website description does n't match with actual product ... please be careful . Second , quality cutout so terrible , not professional production . I believed he used X-ACTO knife to cut a product .
 This product is a disaster and I highly recommend you do not purchase . It does not `` hug '' your phone as other designs do . The back of skin is cut low allowing sides to hang off and catch on everything . It is `` baggy '' on phone . I threw it away as it did not even come close to fitting my phone which it was stated to fit . I have never been so disappointed with a product . What a joke !!! LG VX-8600 AX-8600 Premium Translucent Pink Silicone Skin Protective Case Cover DO NOT BUY
 Buy the palmOne Treo 600/650 Stereo Headphone Adapter instead . I bought both the adapter and this headset and now I use only the adapter with regular headphones . The problem with this headset is it has almost no bass response . Continuously listening to high-pitched sounds may become annoying after some time . This is definitely an item one should try before buying .
 I gently put the case on and it showed to have a small crack , I paid more for the shipping so I did n't bother sending it back . Not worth my time or stamps .
 Ha , well was excied to get the holder . It serves it 's purpose . The letter DG look great , and look very classy . The only thing i did NOT like with it , is that it feels cheap . The gold leathery casing that holds the phone is thin , and gets damaged way too easy . it is not durable , and resembles thin gold foil over harder cardboard . there is also a sewing seam that runs down the middle of the front , and back , that looks noticeable and adds to the cheapness look . i would NOT waste the money for the quality !!!
 We bought this for my mother-in-law for the holidays , and it 's a gorgeous case . Very soft feel to it , pretty color.That 's the reason it got 2 stars.Otherwise it 's very impractical -- as far as the Razr phone is concerned . When your phone rings , it 's tough to get it out of the case in order to answer it in time.Perhaps the same material , but in a flip phone design would work better .
 I was expecting a little more for the price . Also the main reason I needed a case is to carry my phone on my belt . However can not do that with this case .
 So far the cell phone battery replacement does not hold a charge longer than 18 hours and is worse than the old battery .
 First time when I plugged in , the cell phone displayed error message that `` Charging Error , remove immediately '' . since then I am not using this .
 I bought this for the second time because it is cheap . The problem is that the two plastic anchors that latch to the notches in the phone easily breaks apart just by usual usage . I thought all I needed to do for this product is to be careful in inserting the connection to the phone . I did that and it still broke . I do n't have a car charger anymore.Waste of money .
 I ordered this car charger and was happy until I tried to use it . It does n't work for a W580i at all . Sending it back will cost around $ 5.00 even if the company would take it back . The return policy is pathetic at best ! After this purchase I will think hard about buying something from Amazon again .
 Quick delivery , but it worked only one time . Stopped after that . The cost of shipping was more than the charger , so I did n't send it back . I will buy the next one from a local store so I can bring it back without having to pay for it several times over .
 this thing did not fit my phone ... it was advertised for it on here , but then when I got it , it was for a completely different phone . there was no point returning it and incurring the shipping costs so I just abandoned it in a box of unvaluables . Then I went to the AT&T store and bought a real one that fit .
 I am writing this review about CCMACCESSORIES online products through Amazon.com . I am sure the charger is good but it is the wrong type for my cellphone . I called 818-782-7400 four different times . The first two was a voice recoding that you could not even hear . The two other times I called I was treated rudely by the lady that answered the phone , she transferred me and was disconnected . I called back and finally talked with one of there reps. He was also rude , tried to tell me the charger would work for my phone , and would not give me a RMA number to send it back.I am in my 50 's and this is the first review I have written , and have bought through Amazon.com -LRB- who I like -RRB- for years . This CCMACCESSORIES may have a 96 % rating but must have had many friends or employee 's write some of there reviews . The cost of this charger was under $ 10.00 , so it is not so much the money as about the companies people that talk with you about returns . I can see through the clear plastic container that the end does not fit my cellphone.Please be very careful if buying from this company no matter what they are rated on there site . The employee 's you have to deal with on returns are bad . I would never buy from them again nor would I accept any item that they wanted to give me . Gary . . Texas 6-10-09 3:45 pm CST
 This OEM charger has a light and a pass through feature which are cool . The price is also very good too so it 's supposed to be a no brainer . Sadly the prongs that attach to my w580i broke off and I can no longer use it . I agree with other users that it seems like this product is much easier to break than the adapters which came with the phone . Now I resent this poor design and the Sony engineers should have come up with a better adapter .
 We bought 2 of these and both broke within a few months of use . It seems that the plastic tabs that click into the phone are made of a more fragile plastic than the accessory cables that came with the phone . Its a shame because the pass through feature and light are cool features not usually found on generic adapters . We 've since bought 2 generic adapters which have not broken in 2 years of use so it has to be the plastic on these Sony Ericsson branded adapters that is weak . You 've been warned .
 The charger was nice while it worked , especially to cool little light . The problem was it only worked for about 3 charges . It cost more to return it than to buy a new one .
 Stopped working after five months . It was used about twice a week during that time . This item should be purchased only if it can be returned easily and for a full refund .
 I 'm extremely disappointed with this product . It worked for about 5 minutes , then nothing . I tested it in the other car 's plug , also nothing . This device is dead and not coming back . Blown internal fuse , perhaps ? I do n't know . Also , right out of the package it looks like it has been used before , there was dirt in the seams of the plastic and there were marks on the body like it had been used in a car cigarette lighter already . At $ 7 , it is too cheap to return . But this was probably the most expensive 5-minute cell phone charge ever .
 I bought this for my cell phone , but it does NOT work on the J220a .
 This product sounded great to me when i first saw it . I had been using it for about 2 months and the crank handle snaped . The construction is very weak , the actual power it gives while pluged in is also very weak , the charging is inconsistent and it barely kept my Iphone alive at 10 % remaining power . I recommend this device to those that seldom take long trips .
 I was disappointed in this product , but I should have read the description more closely
 I bought this & the adapter part did not work - I used the small card in my son 's adapter & it worked - I emailed & asked for a new adapter - NO NEW ADAPTER !! I was very disappointed . I did not want to return the entire item because only the adapter did not work -
 I have used this phone for over three years . Even when I bought it , it was outdated . By today 's standards , it is only barely functional . My old one lasted those three years without problems until it started giving an `` invalid battery '' message every time I tried to recharge it . . Of course this pretty much made the phone useless . When I bought it I would have rated it 3-star , now it is barely 1-star . When I bought the phone it was $ 10 and included service time . I would not even spend that much for it today.The phone was servicable , but it has major drawbacks : * It `` pants dials '' random numbers if you put it in your pocket , purse etc since the keyboard is wide open . * Its display was ok in its day , but it is inadequate for anything but the most minimal usage * It has no camera . . of any kind * Reception on it is pretty marginal . If I did n't talk by the window in my apartment I could not keep a connection -LRB- reception may vary by your location . . services like Tracfone and Net10 do n't have their own networks but lease from others like AT&T ; , T-Mobile , Verizon , etc -RRB- * It has no bluetooth function to allow pc communication -LRB- which will save YOU money -RRB- and can not be used for handsfree phonesets . . much safer * With just normal use the battery only lasts a day or two . . even on standbye it will not last 5 days without a recharge . . and if the charge is low , you 'll be lucky to even get 5 minutes of talk time before you have to plug in * The talk volume is just adequate . . if noisey around you wo n't understand the caller or they wo n't understand youI note also that they are being sold used . If you plan to use it on services like Tracfone , be SURE to call IN ADVANCE to be sure you can use it . . especially if you plan on using SIM info from your phone . Generally it can not be done . Transfers of your phone service and keeping your SIM or phone number or minutes/time can be time consuming and involve jumping through some hoops.Parents . . please ! Do n't stick your kids with this phone . . they 'll be the butt of their friends ' jokes ... even if you want the minimum at least spring for theLG 420G Pre-Paid Cell Phone for TracFone with Bluetooth - Black Unlimited double minutes!or similar . No matter which phone you pick , the per minute cost is the same . . so let 'em have at least a smidge of status ! : D
 I 've owned a Tracfone for 3 years . My old Tracfone quit working , so I purchased a new one . I 've been trying for 4 weeks to transfer my old phone number to my new Tracfone . It 's been a nightmare-after 4 weeks , 3 new sim cards , and countless calls to TracFone customer service reps , I 've accomplished nothing . My phone is still not activated , I still do n't have my old number transfered , and I 've wasted 7 hours speaking to customer reps. I do n't recommend TracFone .
 The battery itself is very nice , and the idea behind the speakerphone inside the battery is very appealing . The only problem with this is the presentation of the speakerphone addon , specifically the microphone . It does not amplify the voice while ignoring the static/background noises , like most speakerphones.I * HIGHLY * suggest that if you want a vibrating battery and a speakerphone accessory , you should spend the few extra dollars for a cheaper battery , and the speakerphone desk-charger . THAT item is very useful .
 I ordered this battery for my V60c and it does not fit the phone . I called Amazon.com and they were very helpful . Before you order though , be sure that it will fit your v60 . The battery is shorter , thicker and the contacts did not line up with my phone .
 This battery does not fit the V60t phone I have . It also does not fit the desktop charger for V60t phone that I bought from Amazon.com either . Basically , this battery is not compatible with the V60t phone that I have and I have to return it since it is of no use to me for this reason .
 Do n't believe the hype , this charger does not fit that phone . What a waste of time .
 I do n't know which device this charger works on , but I can tell you it does * not * work on , fit in , or provide any use for an Audiovox CDM 8900 .
 battery charges okay but phone cradle connection poor fit and phone does not charge most of the time .
 The product was sent with a plastic bag , no manual , not anything , only the base and tha ac charger wall . When I tried , it 's not working , neither the cradle , neither the aditional battery charger .
 I would 've given this one star but the spare battery charger still works . It 's a great idea , but the male receiver that the Treo sits on has now recessed itself into the plastic base and no longer sits up high enough for me to plug the treo in . I have two batteries which I now continually swap out with each other.And that blue light is obnoxious . They should have something more subtle .
 I had the same experience as another reviewer , it 's easy to overlook in the description the detail that your phone will NOT charge with this product just by plugging into the wall , it must also be connected by USB into your computer , and your computer must be on , and then , buried in wires , it will charge . The real convenience of this product is that it holds my phone upright even in its protective cover , and it charges & stores my additional battery , which is small and easy to misplace . With all of its drawbacks , if you do a lot of work at your desk , especially using bluetooth , it eventually comes in handy to have your screen displayed upright & out of the clutter . Overall , this product is puzzling , it comes with no manual , arrives in just a plastic bag , and , while it 's certainly cheaper than the $ 40 models out there , it 's hard to tell if it 's really worth 20 bucks .
 The product does n't work . It makes weird noises and turns on and off frequently . I think this item was a lemon . The price was too good to be true .
 I bought this because my treo has problems charging -- nearly every time I plug it in , the light goes from red to green right away and it stops charging . The battery has actually run down entirely while plugged in . So I got an extra battery and this charger , in the hopes that I could charge one battery while using the other . The cradle actually worked better for charging the phone than the charger that came with the phone , though it still has the same problem . However , the slot for charging the battery simply did not work -LRB- and that was the main thing for which I wanted this item -RRB- . I did have the cradle plugged into the USB port , and I did have the other line plugged into the wall . I took the thing apart to see if there were any loose wires , but I could n't find any ; the solder connections all looked solid , and the wires were all in place . It seems to have worked for other people , but the one I got was a piece of junk .
 I got this charger for my Sony Ericsson T610 , to replace my original that I lost . The first one I got lasted 2 , maybe 3 weeks and stopped working . I returned the charger to Amazon and asked for a replacement - kudos to Amazon returns service , it 's brilliant , I had my replacement charger shipped second day . But my replacement charger lasted two weeks and ceased working just like the first one . And I noticed that when I plugged in my phone to charge it , the charger quickly drained whatever battery power my phone had left . My recommendation , do n't loose your original Sony Ericsson charger and if you do , get an original replacement .
 Literally within one minute of opening the package in which charger arrived at my door , one of the plastic clips that secures the charger to the phone whilst in use had broken . I plugged the charger in and connected it to my phone in order to see if it did indeed work . Seeing the indication on my phone 's display that it was charging , I removed the plug only to see a disconcerting piece of black plastic break off the end of the plug end of the charger . It still functions , but with only one clip connecting phone and charger , I have to be careful to place the phone in such a way that the plug wo n't spontaneously pop out . Of course , I now handle the charger with kid gloves , as I live in fear that the other clip will break off , rendering the thing completely useless .
 I purchased this item on March 13th 2006 , and used it about 3 times while I was travelling -LRB- I did not use my phone very much at all -RRB- . When I got home -LRB- I was away for 2 months -RRB- I tried to use it again , but one of the blades was missing , and a red wire poking through instead . I can only think it pulled out and was left in the hotel recepticle!Amazon would not replace this for me as it was over 30 days since my order . -LRB- This effectively means everything they sell only has a guarantee for 30 days ! Makes you wonder ! -RRB-
 We purchased this charger and disregarded other customers warnings about the faulty quality . The charger had a wire exposed when it arrived which we taped , and then the tip fell off . I would not buy a charger from Amazon againUltra Slim Travel Charger for Sony Ericsson Z500a , S710a
 This thing is awful - after 1 week of light use , the plastic prong broke off , and it does n't work . Tells me that it 's time to get a new phone , one which has READILY AVAILABLE chargers should I lose mine .
 When I purchased my Blackberry 8700G , I was told that I could receive my email from MSN . It worked a couple of months , and then all of a sudden I could n't receive emails . I spent 10 hours on the phone trying to get this resolved , and was finally told that T-Mobile did n't support receiving emails from MSN ... even though that is what the saleslady told me . I asked to have the device replaced with one that I could receive emails and was told by T-Mobile that they could n't do that . So now , I 'm stuck with a $ 300 device that wo n't perform as it was sold to me . Be aware ... I 've been a customer since 2000 and they wo n't even try to accommodate me , even though they were n't truthful when they sold me the product .
 They state that you have to have service for at least 181 days . However , when you add the phone and select the type of service you want , the next page is how much you 'll have to pay and to add additional services . On this page it says `` T-Mobile 2 Year Contract `` This is bad trick , stay away !!!
 The Blackberry I received was defective and unrepairable . I learned that when I took it to TMobile for help getting my email set up when I was not able to . The good news news is how easy Amazon made it for me to return the Blackberry and how quickly they credited the full amount including shipping back to my cc . That deserves 5 stars !
 Great idea , I bought mine so i could have protection while having a good case so i could slide my phone in my pocket . Though there is one huge design flaw that is causing me to not be able to use it . When using this case with my phone i cant get any phone signal on cingulars network . It makes since if you think of it , surrounding your phone with metal ... and also i did have to make a few modifications to it , the cuts and design wasnt perfect . But seriously i could never get any signal with this case , i even had cingular send me another phone , still couldnt get any signal , took the case off , and it works perfectly know .
 After reading a few of the reviews , I was very excited about getting this item at the low price . I have experienced lower than reported distance . While approximately 30ft is reported , I can walk about 10-15ft away before experiencing static and then losing the signal . After a few weeks the earpiece began to experience inconsistent connections when making and receiving phone calls . After about 6 weeks with the product , connectivity has stopped completely . While the earpiece does come on , connectivity with my phone has been limited at best . On a positive note , set up for the earpiece was pretty easy .
 It will hurt your head if you put on long.The Battery is not lasting long and COULD NOT able to find an extra one .
 Bought this one to use while I walk on treadmill . It worked for one month and was dead after that . DO NOT BUY !
 First headset only Right speaker worked . Shipped back to manufacturer . They sent me a brand new headset and i could not pair this one with any device . Just the button would not work . I couldnt even power them down i had to wait untill it would sleep.I currently have this useless headset sitting on my desk and soon to be recycled in the circular file . Waste of money .
 Ok ! but it lost signal while I move/walk , even rotate my head to certain position ~
 I ordered this product from Shopcell - an Amazon market place vendor . While the product was delivered promptly enough , alas - it would n't even switch on.My first step was to call `` BLUEANT '' customer support -LRB- North America -RRB- . After a moderate wait I was able to get a live support rep. We went over diagnostics , but within the first minute of the call , his question was `` How much did you pay for this product ? '' . . When I answered $ 30 on Amazon.com - his response was '' Must have been refurbished ! - send it back to the seller !! '' ... When I mentioned the description says - brand new and it arrived in new packaging his answer did n't change.At this point - it became pretty obvious that he 'd lost all interest in the call and wanted to just get me off the phone ... Then I asked about their product warranty - I even have a product warranty card - he said , `` call the seller first or return it to them ! '' ... What kind or condescending product support/warranty is this - product support has no business asking about product price ... I highly doubt their product warranty means anything to them or - or even if they will stand behind it.Their product support and brand standards are probably just like their product - substandard and indifferent
 When I first got these headphones back in October they had a great battery life but that was about it . The sound had a poor range . The microphone fell apart within 2 months and the battery died just after 6 months . Replacement batteries are hard to find and almost the same cost as an entire new unit .
 I ordered this product shortly before an overseas trip . I tested it at home and it worked for some period of time . The quality of the product is not at all impressive . However , I had hopes that it would at least be serviceable for my journey . I was wrong . The product stopped functioning after a week or so of extremely light use.First the headset stopped pairing to devices as well as the included `` aux headphone '' transmitter and next the battery stopped holding a charge . I could n't even see the device while it was plugged into the wall and supposedly broadcasting a bluetooth signal.Aside from these woes , the headphones have an extremely cheap build . The part that wraps around the back of your head feels like it 's going to snap at any moment , the battery pops off too easily , and the bluetooth pairing key is out of the ordinary . . which makes it impossible to pair with devices that do n't have any form of input/pair without keys.The only good thing about this item is the on ear padding . . that 's quickly ruined by the terrible tin sound coming out of the speakers.The price currently being charged for these headphones as of this date -LRB- Aug 20 , 2010 -RRB- is extortion.I would n't pay any amount of money for another pair . Technical support was unresponsive . My advice would be to wait for something better . . or just spend your money on some high quality in ear or on ear wired headphones . . the advantages of wireless do not outweigh the disadvantages of having to use this product.Avoid it like the plague .
 Not recommended ! They stopped working after 2 months ... can no longer charge them up . Plug in the charger ... nothing ! Will not turn on
 i was disappointed in this item not because of where i bought it how it performs it takes a long time to charge my phone i had my phone charging for 5 hours and it did n't even charge it enough so i could use the phone
 This would have been a fantastic phone save for 2 defects :1 . The battery only last a day or less .2 . You make unintentional calls when the phone slides open in the case or in your bag -LRB- which also helps drain the weak battery -RRB- . I finally found how to lock the key pad which requires a 5 digit code to open .
 Im sorry I never received the product though I paid and have been waiting for over a Year . Becareful with this seller . What he advertise is not he sell .
 Excellent high-res LCD , but the rest of the phone was a disappointment . Poor overall interface with configuration options in non-intuitive locations . Particularly disappointing was how it handled WiFi . Each application seemed to want to be tied to a particular wireless source . So , I 'd go home and try to get it on the wireless , but I 'd have to bring up the app , let it spin a while , be told it could n't connect , then I 'd have to tell it to use the local WiFi . It was just clunky . The poor utility of things like WiFi mean that this is unlikely to be used as anything beyond a phone , and a very expensive an bulky one at that.I can check and respond to email far faster on my BlackBerry than I could get this thing to get an appication running and connected via WiFi . Much better WiFi management is a must before I 'd consider this phone.This is a serious example of one device trying to do everything , and doing nothing very well . The device is relatively nice , but I gave it two stars because a $ 500 price tag means it has to deliver . I bought and quickly returned the phone .
 Terrible phone in general . I was a real big Nokia fan until I got this phone . It feels cheap in your hands when you hold it . It slides open and you accident dial people when it is in your pocket . The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena . The phone completely stopped working when I was on a train ride to Chicago to meet a potential client . Overall I am extremely disgusted in this phone ; that 's right , disgusted . I ended up returning this phone -LRB- thank goodness I got it from Amazon.com and it was easily returned with full refund -RRB- . The next day I walked into my ATT store and bought the iphone . Best decision I made ever since dropping Nokia completely =-RRB- Oh and for the record ... If i could vote lower than 1 star I would .
 WARNING
 I purchased this item since it was cheap and looked well made . When I got it I like the rubberized feel . I fit on my belt pretty well and I was happy . A few weeks later the hinge on the belt clip broke off . After closer inspection , it was obvious the amount of plastic securing the metal pin in place was woefully inadequate.If they can make the hinge more robust then I would buy a replacement . Until then , DO NOT buy this item . It will most certainly break after a few weeks of light use .
 I bought 2 of these - 1 for me and 1 for a friend . The snap just broke off the strap piece . It was some cheap VERY thin metal -LRB- aluminum foil-like -RRB- used to secure the snap piece to the strap . I called my friend and he said his broke after just a couple of days . I like it , but will take it into a luggage repair place to see if they can put on a REAL snap ! If not , I 'll return it and try to find a nice leather one with an actual belt clip .
 I purchased this Palm holder for my husband 's Palm IIIc . He had it exactly one month when the snap holding it to his belt came undone and the Palm was lost in a Florida airport . So now someone else has a brand new Palm pilot because the belt attachment ca n't stay snapped .
 I bought this case on December -LRB- 2000 -RRB- based on the reviews here . I was happy for 4 months until the snap-on button got broken . Guess what ? Palm does n't have warranty or support for this product . If you call for support they send you to the Palm store if you call and complain in the store they send you to support . The only products that Palm supports handle are palm devices . There is no way to repair the snap-on button ... this is sad . Your best bet ... go with Targus , 3 year or lifetime warranty cases . I just ordered a Targus Slipcase -LRB- CH100 -RRB- .
 To use this product , you have to remove the plastic hard cover from your Palm IIIc organizer . The leather case fastens with a snap so you could attach it to a belt , purse , or brief case , etc. . But , it flops around and is not easily accessed for quick use . I wanted a product similar . And , I sure wish I could design my own . I want a clip on leather case - -LRB- secure fit like ones used for pagers -RRB- . I want to be able to open the leather case easily , then , raise the plastic cover and use the orangizer . It would also be nice to have a place to store an extra stylus and credit cards or name cards . Thank you . I will keep searching .
 I bought this palm case because I thought that it would be very convenient . The IIIc is pretty hefty to be carrying around in your pocket , and if you need it in a hurry this becomes a big hastle . If you 're looking for a reliable and stylish case look somewhere else because this thing is about as good looking as a pocket protector . Its bulky , large , and looks incredibly silly when you wear it ! Buyer Beware ...
 i used this pathetic ecuse for a produc , had it hanging off my belt and the strap broke taking my palm crashing to the ground with it and completely ruining it . luckley palm replaced it , but i am also worried about security . i think it would be easier to have your palm piolt stolen as well . my asvice ? dont bother with this one .
 I am pretty rough on this stuff , but it broke shortly after I bought it . It might be okay if you are very dainty in using it .
 This product was not compatible with my phone even though my phone model was advertised as one it should work with .
 En realidad el producto me salio malo y no sirvio . Mi telefono es un Nokia 3300 , pero no sirve el hands Free que compre.Premium Hands Free Boom Mic Headset for Nokia 6101 / 6102 / 6102i / 6103 / 9500 / 9300 / 7610 / 7270 / 7250i / 7210 / 6822 / 6820 / 6800 / 6682 / 6670 / 6651 / 6620 / 6610 / 6585 / 9500 / 9300 / N90 / 6235 / 6560 / 6255i / 6230 / 6225 / 6200 / 6170 / 6100 / 6020 / 6019i / 6016i / 6015i / 5140 / 5100 / 3589i / 3588 / 3587i / 3586i / 3585i / 3585 / 3570 / 3300 / 3220 / 3205 / 3200 / 3155i / 3120 / 3100 / 2285 / 2270 / 2116i / 2115i / 2125i / 2126i /
 This item does NOT fit LG vx7000 even though it 's listed among tne many on Amazon 's site . On the underside of the part that plugs into the phone , there are 3 notches on this FAUX item as opposed to the 2 that are on the REAL item . I have found out the hard way that the items under the ` WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES ' name do not fit the cell phones that they claim they should fit & are substandard . Therefore , I recommend that you save money in the long run & buy the better or original equipment offered by the cellular company in the first place . Wish I could give it zero stars .
 This item is listed as an accessory for the LG VX6100 , but it is not compatible . Save yourself the time and hassle by only purchasing this to use with supported equipment -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Charger just did n't work . I guess the price was just too good to be true . Ended up buying a universal charger at Radio Shack that worked fine
 This charger does not work for the LG VX4500 as listed in the product description .
 I 've had this phone for about 2 years and 8 months , and I got it as part of a new-phone-every-3-years deal . I honestly do n't think my phone will last two more months.Everytime I have dropped this phone , it has broken . Sometimes just a piece or button will fall off , and sometimes it completely comes apart and I have to spend 20 minutes reassembling it . Keep in mind , these are not falls from my apartment balcony , they are falls from my back pocket or my hand to the ground -LRB- 3-5 feet drops -RRB- . I have had to replace this phone TWICE . One time , it rained and the phone was in my pocket . That completely killed it.So technically , I have had THIS phone for 10 months , and it is falling apart - all of the side buttons are falling off and i have to hold the casing in place when the phone is flipped open.The camera quality is poor , and there is nothing special about this phone .
 I have this LG phone for a year now , and I have a lot to say about it.The Pros
 This phone is decent if all you need it for is to call people . It is nothing special . Ya the time scrolls across the front screen and lights blink for a few seconds ... but this phone is not that good other than that . It only holds 20 pictures and the memory sucks . If you want to get songs sent to ur phone from online forget about it , it only holds 5 sec . of a song .
 bought it last oct & after 2 months , it stopped working =-LRB- . what a waste !
 this charger will fry your battery and you 'll end up spending way more money than you would if you just buy the actual charger from motorola . it looks nice , but beware !
 I recieved the charger and it was in good condition as the seller said it was . Unfortunately I was unable to use it because I found my charger but it did work great for the time I did use it for .
 This is not a review , it is a warning . I am writing this in Australia where I am stranded with a Motorola V220 phone , which I purchased because it was a world phone . I needed a phone I could use in Australia , and I can , for as long as the battery lasts ! This `` world phone '' comes complete with a 110 volt only charger . Since most of the world uses 220 current , the charger is useless most places , including Australia.Which brings me to the point of this review . Nowhere in the specs for this `` travel '' charger does it say whether it will accept 220 current . Does `` travel '' mean North America , or does it mean the world . No way to tell , so caveat emptor !
 I recieved this item and was very dissatisfied . I have a V180 and the plug did not fit my phone properly . The plug was way to small and I could only get it to work if I held the phone in my hand and moved the cord into a certain position .
 I had to pay rather a lot of money to have this shipped to Amsterdam -LRB- after UPS decided it did n't want to ship it to me in Canada for much less -RRB- and the first time I used it , it blew the fuse in the hotel room . Now I have to pay even more money to send it back !
 I purchased this charger 6 weeks ago and it broke when I pulled it out of the wall . The entire back came off leaving the actually plug part in the wall . I bought it to replace my lost charger . Warning do not waste your money .
 I just ordered this as I needed urgently for my spouse who lost her charger on recent vacation . The charger looks brand new , but does n't work ! plugged in and no output at all . I would have hoped somebody would have atleast just plugged in to do a simple test to see if the power light is blinking or not before mailing it . What a waste !!! Now waiting on replacement and hope this time they get it right !
 This is not for every Nokia phone ! It certainly did not fit mine , though my model no . was one of the ones listed . Be cautious if you order this item because it does not fit the Nokia 6102 flip phone .
 This charger is for the old models . The pin is big - the older models of nokia used to have it . The new ones have a slim pin and this does not work with my model . As soon as I figured that , I put it in trash .
 Worked a couple of times and then just stopped . I got what I paid for ...
 The voltage and current ratings are close , but it ruined two batteries . I could go for almost a week with minimal use on a full charge until I used this charger . Now one and half days at best with NO use . Another phone which has moderate use has to be charged nightly . Save your $ 8 and put it toward an authentic Motorola charger .
 This charger worked decently well before it began to come apart where the part that plugged into the wall separates from the rest of the charger disconnecting at the contact points . After this happened obviously it never worked again , spend the extra few dollars and get the motorola one .
 Although the vendor fulfilled order as promised , the product was poor quality . The holster/clip broke after a week of use . Good price . You get what you pay for !
 These gloves are made of poor quality leather with dreadful stitching . Additionally , contrary to what the description of the gloves say , the fit is hard from legendary.You truly get what you pay for , I do not recommend this product .
 very pure quality leatherate . very bad lines . right hand glove was defected . lines are pure quality too . do n't buy this gloves . you will lost money !
 Functional but quality suspect - battery had a problem and expanded and the power interface broke after just a year
 I ordered one of these a couple months ago to have as a second charger at work since my i830 has such a small battery life . After about 1-2 months of use , the thing shorted out and would n't work any more . I decided to get another one because it was cheap and figured I 'd give it another chance ... the thing did n't even work out of the box this time.I only wish I could give it Zero stars ... spend the money on a Motorola brand charger instead .
 Like the last reviewer , I received a charger with a different type of plug on it , and I can not use it . As such , I have to return it and go in search of a charger that will work .
 The travel charger pictured for sale is not the one you end up receiving . The one in the picture has a small barrel plug , which is what my Samsung VI660 requires . But the charger actually has a data style plug and when you try to charge the phone , the phone goes crazy , it 's stuck in boot up mode , LED and speaker pulses and the battery never charges . Not sure if the phone has suffered any damage.Buyer beware .
 It arrives shortly after ordered . Not bad.It comes in a small plastic bag , a free give-away for Verizon . No manual , no real package , even no Plantronics logo on it.The price was good . But , the mechant should make it clear that it is not an `` original '' Plantronics product.It makes me feel cheated.As for the product itself , as the other reviewer said - a bit weird . But , that 's my own choice . No blame to the merchant .
 The price is outstanding . Because of the under-ear support system , keeping the Ear Bud up in the ear canal is a little challenging unless you have exactly the right proportioned ear . Sound quality is good but volume is low because the speaker portion wo n't stay up in place snugly . The ergonomics are awkward .
 i thought the price meant it would be a good case for the phone . it wasnt . for 20 something bucks you would expect it to actually fit the phone . it covered the charge port . it just was a waste of money . returned the product . do not buy this item !
 Plugged charger into my phone with 2/3 battery symbol displayed -LRB- just needed a full battery for the next day -RRB- . Left it over night and the next morning , the battery was completely drained . First it turned on and beeped about the low battery , then it turned on and would not turn on at all.I had the same experience as the other customer , that when I tried it again -LRB- why ?! -RRB- my phone would turn on and off and the on , off , and charging animations would freeze .
 I bought this charger for my Samsung that I just bought from Cingular.The first time I used it in my office , it completely discharged my battery . The second time -LRB- dumb me ! -RRB- , it started making my screen flash and the phone to make beeping noises , like it was being shorted out.Threw the thing right in the trash can .
 Bought one in November 2004 . Did not work with a Samsung E105 phone , in spite of its claim . Amazon sent a replacement which did not work either . It is funny that the replacement had a different form factor and electrical ratings from the first shipment . Finally , I applied for a refund .
 I bought a Samsung home charger but they sent me a wrong item which is a car charger . I sent email to them and asked what I can do , either send the car charger back and they can send me the right one or they return my money . They sent me email and said they will ship they right one to me right away . However , I have been waited for 3 weeks and see nothing . I can just go out one of the stores and buy it for cheaper price but I believe them for sending me the right one ... Why i have to wait . . If they do n't send it to me , they can just tell me they ca n't . They do n't have to tell me to wait
 There was very little difference in the amount of glare with or without this filter in place . Buy it as a screen protector not as an anti-glare aid .
 The case that was delivered to me does not match the picture shown . The case as delivered has , um , decorative ? lines on the front cover that run from top to bottom , one on each side of the display window . It looks OK unless you want a smooth looking front cover like the one shown in the picture . Similarly on the back cover , there are very un-decorative lines that outline squares on the corners of the upper back cover . The pics show a circular indentation on the front cover for the Motorola `` M '' insignia . As delivered , this is actually a cut-out . It is another hole for dust to enter but serves no purpose whatsoever . The pics also show a circular indentation for the Motorola `` M '' insignia on the back . Fortunately that one is not cut-out , but the indentation is n't there either.There are two evident manufacturing defects , that is , presuming the previously-mentioned issues are not also manufacturing defects ! I ordered two of these covers and they both show the defect . On the front cover there is a scratch that runs from the camera cut-out to the display cut-out , and there is another scratch from the display cut-out to the Motorola `` M '' insignia cut-out . Obviously the equipment that made the cut-outs was dragging in between.Sure this case is cheap , but shipping is n't cheap and , I wo n't order anything else from BargainCell since they advertise one item and deliver another.I would be sceptical about the other cell phone case advertisers on Amazon.com . If you look at the pictures , they all seem identical . I think they all just copied each other 's pics and sourced similar items from cheaper manufacturers .
 I only gave this case 1 star because 0 is n't an option . I 've had 2 cases from bargaincell and both are garbage . Not because of the lines the other viewer described , they 're tolerable . My complaint is that both broke within 1 week of use . And I did not drop the phone once . I am very good with my cell phones , I 've had phone for 2 + years . The case is made of very cheap plastic that cracks easily . The cracks occured at the exact same place on both cases ; right where the top place wraps around the side . The corners closest to the M logo on the front .
 several of my friends also have a clear case that they bought from a different retailer and they are much better . When I received the item it was already scratched and appeared stressed and after only a weeks use it shattered into pieces . Buy somewhere else .
 Bought 2 , my wife and myself . Installed easily but within 2 weeks small cracks appeared along the edges . Not pretty . They were cheap , good clue they would n't last .
 Though I thought this would be a nice cover . The clips that hold it on to the top portion of the phone cracked and broke off within the first month .
 This picture is COMPLETELEY inaccurate . It looks like it would fit a bigger phone , but when you get it shipped , it is VERY small , and it is not shaped anything like it is in the picture . VERY Frustrating !!!
 The person i gave it to told me it broke in less than two weeks and claims she treated it with care since i gave it to her ...
 This is definitely not for K-JAM , as the connector is totally different .
 The product fit the phone just fine , but the appearance of the case is not attractive . I like a bargain , but this case looks really , really cheap ! It also does n't provide protection for the external or internal screens , or the key pad.The exterior buttons on the phone are covered up and difficult to use while in the case . I was very disappointed with this product and returned it the day after I received it.I 've had much better luck and overall satisfaction with the Body Glove Scuba II case -LRB- at a comparable price -RRB- .
 doesnt cover my V3x as it says in the ad , its just fitting on the V3 and V3i !! they are tricking you people by saying it fits on the v3x !!!
 The Good
 If you are thinking about purchasing this phone please do not . I currently have one and only after a few months of owning it the power began to shut off at random times and when I would turn the phone back on all my Ringtone settings will have been changed . Many times the phone will ring and no one will be calling and the only way to get the phone to stop is to turn it off and turn it back on again . Another extremely annoying problem is that after about a month of owning the phone the top oval shaped button fell off and now , having had the phone for nearly 10 months , the one , two , three , five , and six buttons have completely fallen off my phone . Though still on the warrenty , Siemens tells me that if a button falls off they can not do anything about the phone being a piece of crap . I could continue you on with the numerous problems I have had with this phone but take my advice and if you are ever buying another cell phone do not buy a Siemens . Spread the word .
 I have had this phone for 6 months and I am about to have to spend more money and get another phone because I ca n't deal with this one anymore . The ringtones are not loud at all , it is constantly `` network searching '' which means I get no signal , even sitting in my living room . But what topped it off for me was last week , when it erased all of my phone numbers and address that I had programmed into it . I called Siemens and they said that this model Number has a tendencey to do that , it goes corrupt and starts deleting everything and I would have to reenter all of my numbers , well I do n't have all of them now because some were just entered as I would see someone that I had n't seen in a while . I asked if there was a recall on this phone and they said there was nothing they could do for me . So I would never recommend this phone or any Siemens product to anyone .
 This is the worst phone I 've owned . The chrome plastic piece covering the speaker fell off on its own after one month and I had to superglue it back on . Then the buttons started falling off . Fortunately my Cingular plan allows me to upgrade.Match these mechanical failures with the overly complicated operating system , and you have an expensive door stop.I will never purchase anything made by Siemens again .
 I 've had this phone for about a year , and I have not been pleased with its service . The number keys are small and have a tendency to stick . I have to punch the number several times before the number acutally dials . None of the `` special '' features are worth anything . In my opinion , there are much better phones -LRB- for the same price -RRB- out on the market today .
 Seriously this is the most dreadful phone EVER!I bought one over a year and a half ago , first the internet stopped working , then the address book went , along with all the names and addresses i 'd stored in it , i brought it into the shop where it remained for an entire month , when i got it back both problems remained unfixed also all my photos had been deleted , -LRB- photos are absolutely terrible quality by the way -RRB- . My phone lived in the shop for a further 2 months , when it was returned to me again it just kept shutting down for no apparant reason . Eventually i got a new one of the same model , not my choice , anyway i 'd had it for about a month when the buttons started to fall off . Not a happy chappy !
 This phone is horrible , it 's a waste of money ! - not even worth a dime ! I do n't own this one , but my mom does and she really wants to get a new one but she 's bound by a contract . The backplate that protects the battery fell off and is duct-tapped on for `` protection '' . I had to leave my cell phone at home one day while it was charging and I was out shopping so I borrowed this one . Well , let 's just say that I missed my phone ! I could n't hear what Mom was saying -LRB- even on high volume -RRB- , the reception kept staying at one or two bars and it does n't have a vibrate or silent ring so she constantly has to turn it off which means she does n't call me back for several hours sometimes.I also do n't like how small it is because it barely covers my ear which means I ca n't really talk into it . Plus , it would always turn off in my pocket.Oh yes , and the menu is almost impossible to follow ! You have to press `` Off '' in order to go back , what 's up with that ? It tooke me forever to figure out how to enter my friend 's name into her phonebook.I would recomend a flip-phone so you can actually speak into it and so that the off button ca n't be presed unintentionally . Oh yeah , and anything that is not Simens ! My sister and I are both pleased with our Motorola flip-phones , if that helps any.I wish I could give this one zero stars , but that 's not an option !
 My review is on Cingular . I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used . THEY LIE . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY . THEY ARE CHARGING ME FOR ACTIVATION even though it never worked in my area . If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service , DO N'T BUY from Cingular . Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse .
 The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed . I gave two sealed packages from the sender to friends to test and both of them failed ; completely died.The price of less than $ 3 possibly indicated there was something wrong , but the sender should have indicated that in the description .
 After a few weeks my case began to turn black/purple . It is no longer a beautiful white case that i ordered . Also , it is difficult to press the power button . I have to press it harder than usual . In summary , I would like to say that I was partially satisfied with my product until it began to turn a weird color .
 My husband and I each got a Nokia 3585 last year . We have had nothing but problems with these phones for the past 6 months . Each phone has been sent for service -LRB- twice ! -RRB- for failing to turn on even though the battery had a full charge . Now , the display screen of one of the phones occasionally fails to illuminate , making the screen very difficult to see . I think these phones are very poor quality and are not made to last . You would do better to invest a little more money in a better quality phone .
 it sounds like it is on speakerphone mode 24/7 and there is no volume control . it malfunctions now and then . overall a terrible phone .
 If the phone had n't been free , I 'd be really mad . The reception is fair . Battery life , what battery life , I have maybe 20-30min talk time tops . Standby is several days , but I did n't get it to sit there . I 'm not one to abuse my things , so they last . I 've had the phone 10 months and the keypad is already failing , the front cover is coming loose and every once in awhile it will change screens on its own -LRB- really just sitting there on my desk -RRB- . The fuctions onboard are very good , user freindly and useful . I do n't play the games on it , I just use it to talk which is about 250min a month . Would I get another one No , but if its free and all you need is a emergency type phone this will do . I have to admit their are better choices out there .
 I have had this phone for almost a year now and i have had nothing but problems with it and i think that it is a waste of time trying to use it .
 The main reason I bought this was for the headset and when I opened the package , it was the wrong one . I am not sure if this is because the wrong one was put in the package by accident or if it is the wrong one altogether .
 Very low price put low quality as well . As long as you expect it , it 's worth the purchase . The pouch 's belt clip covering did n't hold up too well , but I liked the style . The charger works fine . The earpiece is good for me . I rarely use it , and only in my car , so comfort and quality was not a major factor .
 This earphone doesnt work . You can not hear anything with this .
 When I received this in the mail , I realized the case with it 's bulky outside seams was n't what I wanted , so I bought a Krusell with the seams turned in , and I like that better . I had lost my earpiece and wanted the charger , and have had this for a couple years , and these pieces work fine .
 Arrived quickly and well packaged . Unfortunately , this case is just a hard plastic -LRB- well , not that hard really -RRB- and while it snapped on easily and looked amazing on my grandson 's Nokia N97 , the little tabs snapped off , and corners or opposite sides cracked within 2 weeks of use . Utterly useless . Shame really , cause the color rocks .
 I ordered the pack mainly for the ear piece . It was complete garbage . The casing surrounding the plug in port cracked apart the first time I tried to connect it to the phone . I was able to snap it back together . The sound quality was abysmal . It sounded like the person I was talking to was sitting in a cardboard box.The price of the entire package was cheaper than most single ear buds , so I thought it was a good deal , but obviously I got what I paid for . I will be purchasing a better ear piece this weekend .
 I had to return this item because it did not work at all . The car charger would not even plug into my Samsung C417 . Either it is totally defective or the company inadvertantly sent a car charger that is made for a different phone . The hands free headset also did not work . I could plug it into my phone , but instead of hearing what was on the other end of the line all I could hear was a piercing noise . Without the headset my phone worked fine . I did not try the leather carry case . What 's the point when the other two items were why I purchased this set ?
 I plugged in the handsfree to my c417 and had my ear blown out by a blaring screech . Trash !!
 And it only sort of worked with my Sony Ericsson T68i . Half the time it cut out , would n't connect to the phone at all , and would n't answer calls when I pressed the button . Also , the earhook is a piece of garbage . It breaks right at the point where it fits into the hole in the headset itself . My first one broke three and a half weeks after I received as a gift . They sent me two new ones for free as a one time courtesy , and the second one had nearly broken as well , but by then I had received my new bluetooth headset , the Jabra Freespeak , which I wholeheartedly recommend over the Plantronics M1000 . Do n't buy this headset ! If I could give it zero stars , I would !!
 this does not work with nokia 3650 as stated in title . I called Plantronics customer support and they said my 80 $ plantronics m1000 does not work with nokia 3650 as they are of different bluetooth preferences .
 As I said above - skip it if you have a Nokia 3650 . Also , battery life is bad . I used it with Sony Ericsson T-68 and it lasts forty minutes maximum . On the positive side , the battery is replaceable unlike in some other BT headsets .
 En la publicidad dice que es compatible con Nokia 3650 , pero la verdad que luego de mucho averiguar estos no son compatibles ... que horror ... lo que sucede es que M1000 es compatible con `` headset Bluetooth profile '' y el 3650 tiene `` handsfree Bluetooth profile '' y eso es suficiente para no ser compatibles ... luego de luchar 10 meses me encontre con esta sorpresa ... y yo que pensaba que algo malo estaba haciendo...Angelretamaleslatrille@hotmail.com
 I reviewed this item once already ... Lowsy customer service and product did not fit what it said it was going to fit !
 Do not buy this item ... quality is really low . Clip held on by one little screw that keeps coming undone and falls off the clip .
 Did not hold the phone securely . Phone would pop out of the clip fairly easily .
 I found that my phone kept popping out -LRB- and onto the floor -RRB- even when I thought it was securely clipped in . If it got bumped a certain way , the phone came out . I tried putting it in forwards and backwards . Putting it in forwards caused the battery to pop off as well . Unfortunately I had to put this product in the drawer .
 The price is certainly right on these , but the first one I used broke in less than a week . I bought several since they were so cheap , and if you need one of these I suggest you also buy more than one . -LRB- The second one , by the way , has been OK for much longer than the first lasted . -RRB-
 I wish that I did n't have to wright this review , because I was actually looking forward to receiving this product , but the fact of the matter is that it was n't worth the cost of the shipping charges.The RAZR slips into the bottom edge of the holder fine , but the top clip is the problem . The clip does n't go `` over '' the top of the phone , which would serve to snap it into place and secure it fairly well . Instead , it clips onto the top EDGE of the phone - leaving the phone prone to popping out of the holder whenever you sit , bend , move too fast , etc.My phone popped out twice , then I tossed the plastic holster in the trash . Maybe it can be recycled into something more useful ...
 If you touch the phone while it 's in the holster it does n't merely fall out , it 's ejected ! Potentially expensive junk!Edited 01/01/07The item now pictured is not the one I purchased a couple of weeks ago . The current offering appears to have the necessary holding clips to prevent the phone from falling out . Someone must have gotten the message .
 Although it fits , you can not talk while it is with clip . Plus , you razr v3 will bounce out if you touch the clip at the wrong place .
 Bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective . This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . Consider yourself warned .
 I have used this earpiece for a while now and it does work well indoors , but when outside and there is any wind both myself and the person I am talking to can really hear the wind noise . When I am driving my Ford diesel truck people on the other end say the background noise is so bad I should just stop using the bluetooth and go back to the handset . I paid full price for this a couple of years ago and hate having to throw it a side and get another one but I am shopping for another one that has better noise cancelling .
 Earbuds too big for me . Ended up getting headset from Palm . This headset is really from Seidio . Marginal sound quality .
 I personally will not ever be buying anything from Bargain Cell . This battery will not work in my Kyocera phone , as advertised at the time of purchase . This was the second time I ordered through Bargain Cell , and my first item was not as advertised either .
 Bought two batteries advertised as `` brand new '' . Both died after about two weeks of minimal use respectively and neither would hold a recharge .
 I ordered this battery for my phone . It is not the battery it is advertised to be ! I put it in my phone and it said this battery can not be charged . What am I supposed to do ? I guess buy a battery every other day when the battery dies . If this battery is not chargeable it needs to be advertised this way !!!
 I ordered this battery thinking it was as described ; however , as soon as I inserted it , my phone identified that it was not a genuine Kyocera battery and refused to charge it . I returned it and they did give me credit for the battery itself , but I was still out S&H both ways .
 Its amazing how crappy this piece of equipment is . The HotSync function works intermittently , charge function never worked for me.The cable that comes with a travel charger does both without fail everytime .
 i had this item for 2monts and it broke i paid 45 $ for it and its not worth it paying 45 $ so ppl plz dont buy this case . . u can go to dahh mall and get it for like $ 15 and it 's better than this one so plz be4 u buy this case u have to be ready to lose ur $ 45 . thank you
 Change names and service dropped in quality and service-I have had Cingular fro 7 years-switched and they had the wrong contact information-no bill and they cut me off without any notice ... I have over 5000 roll over minutes so may not have been the plan for me ; also , does n't work near my job or in my office ... the service really dropped off
 Seems Razr made 2 typs of backs . it was low cost enough but in the end it was wrong . I believe the confusion could have been avoided if the description a statement addressing the possibilities of `` Wrong fit '' could have avoided me waisting my time and $ 3 bucks or what ever I paid for it .
 This phone would be great if it was 1980 . The size of this beast is huge . Actually it is even bigger than my cordless house phone . It does not come with any type of holster or carrying device . I guess they felt the extra 50 pounds for a holster might be a turn off . The buttons are very hard to push and way to small considering the size of this grandfather clock of a phone and very hard on the fingers . The menus are sub tree devided . To get to a feature , you have to go through a maze and hope you find what you are looking for . It comes with 4 ` getting started ' manuals but each one tells you nothing other than to check back to page 28 for more details , only to go to page 28 and read that you will learn about this feature on page 70 ? I would not recommend this peice of crap to anyone . It has a true Fisher Price design but it weighs much more than a child could possibly carry .
 I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day , even when the phone was turned off . The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem . After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center , they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable `` due to customer abuse . '' I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage -LRB- unless using it to make phone calls counts as `` customer abuse '' -RRB- , but got the same comment , without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation . It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty . You 'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works . After that , you 're on your own .
 My problems with nextel did not stop when I canceled my service . I will get to the problems with the service . When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired , I of course wanted to keep my number . So as I went to get my Cingular phone -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- , I had the old number switched to my new number . Today , I get in the mail my nextel statement for the month with a $ 200 early termination even though I had not canceled my service , but had simply got a new phone and switched my number over . This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel . In my town , not a small town by any means , there are very few places that have any service . In the largest subdivision , you can not get service anywhere . I constantly get comments from people trying to reach me that get the classic nextel line ... Please hold while the nextel subscriber you are trying to reach is located . Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls , calls would go straight to my voice mail . Not only would I not get the calls , but often I would not even get the voice mails until days or even weeks later . When I did actually take calls -LRB- and call out -RRB- , I can not count the number of times I 've had my call dropped . I recieved so many different error messages sometimes I wonder if they just spend all their time at nextel thinking of different error messages to program into their phones . That brings me to the selling point of nextel , the famed and well-loved direct connect feature . This is an absolute joke . Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it . Even then , in the middle of the conversation I would be greeted by the loud beep of my phone telling me I wont be talking to that person anymore . Of course , I would expect nothing less from the nextel network . Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible . If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message , it took days , or maybe did n't even come at all . The internet access was fine , it the rare instance that it worked . Of course , when you do n't have service , you do n't get the internet access either . I was constantly getting the message `` network not available '' . Calling and trying to complain to nextel is futile . Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing . My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel . Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 What has this go to do with putting Karaoke on an Ipod ??? That 's what I asked for .
 I believe it is a higher capacity that the original battery . It is a tiny bit biggger than the original battery . In my case the tiny bit bigger prevented it from fitting .
 Do n't buy this fake replacement battery . The package says it is for the iPod mini , but it 's about twice the size of the original .
 could not download my numbers to the device and tech support was not helpful . I have an LG phone .
 Pro
 I 'm so disappointed by this product ! I have purchased a DLO action jacket for each ipod I have owned . I finally upgrade to the iphone so of course my next purchase is an action jacket . the belt clip snapped off after 1 month . So I contacted DLO - they have been purchased by Philips , and have useless customer service . they let me know the warranty period expired . In addition amazon has not been any help . I WAS loyal to DLO - now I will buy a case from someone else !
 With this iPhone 3GS cover you can not take photos -- there is no hole on the back . Even if there was a hole , the large clip on the back would interview with viewing . For 2 different sized iPods I use the DLO clip jackets and they are 5-star wonderful . I gave this DLO a one-star because it is of no use at all with the 3GS photo option .
 This headset has so much static it is unusable . Motorola support has not answered any of my emails . DO NOT BUY
 Everything about this unit is good , except for the outgoing audio , which everyone reported as muffled and difficult to hear.Thumbs down !
 The ear piece is not universal - it did n't fit me at all . Just fell off . Other than that , it seemed like a quality product . I gave it away .
 Very , very disappointed in this item . I can generally hear people fine , but no one on the other end can hear me . Everyone I talk to -LRB- or try to talk to , rather -RRB- tells me that my headset must be broken.I have nothing good to say about this product . Do not buy . I am giving up on Motorola headsets permanently -- ca n't believe they put this garbage on the market . I am going to order a Plantronics headset and hopefully that will work better .
 The battery would n't charge.I noticed the battery was thicker in the middle than in the sides.I am going to return it and get a replacement .
 I purchased 2 of these cases thinking the first was defective , I was wrong . The construction is very poor and there is no support holding the swivel clip , it flops around and my husband has lost his phone twice because the entire clip mechanism comes out of the leather and the phone falls off of his belt . He 's had to retrace his steps and luckily retrieved his phone . The 1 star is for the fit of the case on the phone . Please do n't waste your money .
 I have been using the AT&T Free2Go phone for years , and I love it . But the refill card I just received from AMAZON expires in 30 days -LRB- Dec. 31 -RRB- ! Every other card I have purchased has been good for 6 months to a year . So , if you are planning on giving this Refill card to someone or holding it for a while before you activate the minutes , I suggest buying one somewhere else til after Jan. 2005 -LRB- when the new stock arrives -RRB- . AMAZON customer service said they ca n't do a thing about it , except issue a refund when I return it .
 Somebody hacked into my account and this company was great handling this issue , and I would remend this company to everybody , thanks again .
 Got it for my wife 08/06 . The clip already broke and my wife is pretty good and gentle with her cell phone .
 The instructions make this appear like a relatively fool-proof process , which it is not . They warn you about smearing adhesive on the screen when it is reinserted into the case , when they SHOULD instead warn you that the screen is extremely fragile and the least bit of pressure on it will crack it and render the iPod useless .
 Unfortunately , this skin is for an earlier Q and it did n't exactly match up with one purchased recently . Also , it ripped when trying to put it on . It 's a bit too thin . It is now in the garbage .
 The case fits well and looks nice . However , if the phone is in your pocket , any pressure causes it to easily crack around the corners eventually leading to cracks across the rest of the case . It 's a great idea and I love how it covers the screen but the plastic is terrible quality . If you 're dead set on this case then I suggest you buy multiples because you 'll probably need them .
 absolutely horrible . it wo n't clamp on right , it gets scratched up really easily and cracks in your pocket !!! HORRIBLE !
 Does n't fit , neither width nor height of the Blackberry curve 8300 series . Also brittle , therefore breaks easily .
 There is a slot on the back which should hold a magnet which tells the blackberry that it is in the holster and deactivates . This prevents buttons from being pressed and the power consumption is lower , and it changes profiles automatically . The slot was empty and there 's no place to buy this magnet by itself ... The whole reason I bought this case is because my magnet fell out on my existing case . I ended up getting it from AT&T 's website ... . Lame .
 This thing lasted all of about 2 days before it snapped . It clamps the phone really well but the brittle plastic ca n't handle the flex it takes to remove your phone from it . Avoid this one for sure .
 After hours upon hours of trying to get this cable and software to work , It eventually allowed me about an hour of connected time , and then never worked again . My opinion is to stick with the OEM cable . The extra money 's worth paying to avoid the headache .
 I bought this cable last year to connect my Nokia to my computer.The Nokia S/W is garbage , but that is a different review . It almost never works , and usually I give up in disgust . But here 's the best.I exchanged emails with Nokia about the problems I have , and guess what ? They do not support this cable anymore . They want you to buy a new cable for another $ 50 . The Cell industry is disgusting . Crappy products , crappy software , and a constant attempt to pick your pockets . This latest incident has turned me away from Nokia forever . Unfortunately I bet none of the other companies , run by MBA waving greedy rotten Suits , is any better .
 If I could , I would give this cable a minus -LRB- negative -RRB- 5 star rating.The enclosed drivers do not allow me to connect my phone to the computer.Installing the driver crashed my computer so Windows would not start.Not only is this a waste of money , it will cause hours of frustration.Stay clear of this product.Amazon should not list products like this on its web site .
 dont have cd with drivers for nokia the cd that come with cable is for motorola and i ca n't install
 I bought but it dont work fine . The software its a mess . If you will buy , forget ... or cried after .
 I bought the iGo stowaway with the high hopes of using this with my Blackberry 7250 . I received it right away , and after spending about an hour peeling the sticker off the keyboard - who the heck thought of putting a sticker across the keys , I tried to set this up with the blackberry.Unfortunately , though it seems to have paired successfully - the blackberry is not able to recognize or use any of the services in the keyboard . I went to the iGo website to obtain and install the drivers for my device , but still no go.Either my company has a blackberry office policy that does n't allow this , or the product is advertised incorrectly.I give it 1 star for the lack of though in the stickers on the keyboard , and lack of mention of blackberry on the product literature included with the device -LRB- even though its advertised on Amazon as a Blackberry keyboard -RRB- .
 I purchaced on a few weeks ago for my BB 7250 . When it arrived , I was excited but that was short lived . First when I opened the item , there was a warning sticked that was wrapped half way around the keyboard . When I removed it , it left reminants all over keys and the back of the keyboard.Next , the drivers that come on the CD are for PPC and Palm . There are no blackberry drivers included in the package even though the unit specifically states that it is for blackberries . So I go onto the website to download drivers ... guess what , there is no drivers for my phone.I can pair the keyboard with my blackberry , but it will not recognize me typing . I have even downloaded drivers for other blackberries and I can not get it to work.It may work great for others , but it does n't work at all for me .
 iGo Stowaway Ultra-Slim Bluetooth Keyboard for Blackberry and other PDA / HandheldsReceived this as a gift , and spent more than an hour trying to peel off the sticker placed OVER the keyboard . 25 % of the keys were covered in unremoveable sticker remnants . Finally removed using toxic goo-gone , but not worth the effort , since the product is NOT -LRB- even though it states that it is in the product name -RRB- compatible with my newer model blackberry . The product 's customer support staff was completely unhelpful , and told me that ALL of the drivers on the CD were out of date and that my newer model blackberry was only compatible with some other random product they offered . DO N'T DO IT unless you -LRB- a -RRB- have an unusually high tolerance for picking stickers off computer keys and -LRB- b -RRB- do n't actually need a keyboard you can use !
 I bought this Keyboard for a Treo 700p and have n't been able to get it to work -- the software , both on the CD and their web site , are in the windows format , and I have a Mac . The web site to get it directly to the phone is broken and they do n't know when it will be fixed .
 1 -RRB- Does n't work with BizConnect software .2 -RRB- If you have a BlueTooth headset , the headset wo n't work anymore3 -RRB- Keys do n't map well to the Treo 650
 This is my 4th foldable keyboard . I 've have Palm Universal Keyboards that I use often . After reading the good reviews here and bought the product , I have to say I 'm disappointed.This keyboard would have been perfect if it 's REAL full-size and has dedicated number keys . Why so small ? I 've not seen anybody carry keyboard in pockets anyway.I ca n't do touch-typing due to the cramming of keys . It 's only good for for occasional typing when I can pay attention to the keys . I ca n't take lecture notes with it . I miss the dedicated number keys . For these reasons , I have to give it 2 stars .
 Good looking keyboard that does n't work . They claim it works on the Blackberry Curve 8300 . Much after the fact research proves that an early version of BlackBerry OS might have supported the Curve.On another data point , the Sony Style store carries this product at the mall . Their salesperson told me that they talk their customers out of buying this product as it does n't work . They have not been able to get Sony to take it off the shelves for some reasons beyond this email .
 After hours of frustation trying to install dirvers for the iGo Stowaway Ultra-Slim Keyoard , I discoverd that this product does NOT work with Blackberry devices running device OS of 4.5 or greater . Check your device OS version before ordering . Also recognize that you will NOT be able to upgrade to 4.5 or greater in the future unless you want to use the product as a paper weight . From what I can tell , there are NO plans from the manufacturer for driver updates . I am glad that Amazon has an easy return policy!Update
 This keyboard is discontinued and can not be used by many devices . It CAN NOT be used by the Blackberry Storm . iGo provides limited support -LRB- e.g. apologies . -RRB- It seems like a nice product but it is officially discontinued and drivers for current devices are NOT available .
 This product has been discontinued and is NOT compatible with all Blackberry devices . Here is the response from iGo/Think Outside customer support : `` Unfortunately we do not have a driver for your device . The iGokeyboards have been discontinued there will be no further driverdevelopment or compatibility updates . `` Best Regards , iGo Product Support
 I brought this product under an Amazon Gold Box deal . After receiving the product , I find out : * The Over-the-air driver 's link is broken . -LRB- From Igo Tech Support -RRB- * The CD that comes with is outdated . -LRB- -LRB- From Igo Tech Support -RRB- * Even though Amazon advertises it as `` for Blackberry '' , it does not work with the most recent Blackberry models !!!! Their website says it supports the Curve 8300 . DO NOT make the mistake of thinking that it will work for the whole 8300 series . The tech support person said that he is not aware of any current plans to support this model and I should return it to Amazon . Ofcourse , since I have opened the keyboard , I wont even get a refund from Amazon.I wish when Amazon is pushing a product through a high-profile `` Gold Box '' deal as a keyboard `` for Blackberries '' , it would do a better job of warning its customers of such importand product support exceptions . Very very disappointed with IGo and Amazon . The whole affair really sucks .
 I purchased this keyboard because of a business trip . It was for the Blackberry 7290 , and it does not work with this model . It would be nice to see some more specifics on what models it supports ; especially since it says it supports Blackberry right in the title . Customer service was not great either . I asked about receiving a refund for shipping in addition , and never got a straight answer . Feel free to take your chance , but , personally I would rather buy it somewhere else like I did and pay a few extra dollars .
 I purchased this item since on the website it says it supports my product -LRB- RIM Curve 8300 -RRB- . When I downloaded the driver to get it to work , it would n't work with the keyboard . So , I emailed them , and they responded telling me they DO N'T support the product ! Even though the sites says it does ! This inconsistency is costing me money and time , and they wo n't give a refund/exchange since I bought it from Amazon instead of from their official site , and they `` do n't support 3rd party sales . `` Their email : `` Unfortunately we do not have a driver for that device currently . This iswhy it will not properly work . We do not claim compatibility at this time.If you would like to request consideration for a particular productplease go to http://info.igo.com/mobility/feedback.asp.This information helps influence the decision-making process . Feel freeto sign up for our newsletter at www.igo.com for monthly updates as well.Best Regards , iGo Product Support `` I 'd say be very cautious in purchasing this item .
 This keyboard feels nice and solid yet there is just no support for my blackberry 8130 . It does not seem as though the company has any plans to support it either . I really wish i could of tried it out but my phone remains unsupported .
 They should add to the spec detail that it does n't support Windows Mobile 6 ! I found out only after I opened mine and ca n't return to Amazon anymore . If anyone want mine for $ 30 + Shipping , contact me .
 This product is a little disappointing to me . It does not work as well as I thought it . Needs lots of improving .
 Does n't work with Blackberry 8703E which the company declines to announce . Took a week to get through to support for me to finally get a hold of them after being on hold for 45 miuntes and then to have them tell me there are no drivers for the Blackberry 8703E . < grumble > And then as far as the actual packing goes ? Who 's the genius that figured it was a good idea to put a sticker covering 1/4 of the keys on the keyboard ? Did I mention that the sticker has something to the equivalent of industrial strength super glue on it ?!?! I spent a good hour working on that just trying to get the remaining sticker off . Over all , I wish it would have worked but if you have a Blackberry 8703E , DO NOT buy this . It will not work . Also if you need help , set aside a good hour or so to wait on hold .
 Well , we 've tried all the sites mentioned for possible drivers - but the blackberry is a year old , so maybe we can get it to work when we get a new one .
 Great when it works , but sometimes there is a long delay before character appears . It works with my Motion Tablet PC , but nothing in the instructions addresses setup for anything but a PDA ! New problem
 Out of the box it started missing keys until one key -LRB- the `` b '' key , on the fold -RRB- has failed completely . iGo is being slow to replace it -LRB- and of course I had to send the defective unit to them first before they would send the replacement -RRB- . It 's also heavier than others on the market -LRB- by twice -RRB- . There is also a long lag each time I start up typing .
 iGo tech support informs me that this `` Stowaway Ultra-Slim Bluetooth Keyboard for Blackberry and other PDAs/Handhelds '' -LRB- Amazon 's words -RRB- does not support Blackberry , regardless of what Amazon may say.In particular , I have a Blackberry 8703e , which does n't work with the keyboard and is officially unsupported , according to tech support . It 's not like I did n't try . Even after I got my Blackberry Enterprise Server admin to setup the driver marked 8703e and allow it keystroke injection and pretty much everything else , and he actually took the time to read the BES admin . doc file provided with the stowaway driver , and I 've successfully paired it using Blackberry 's bluetooth manager -LRB- as recommended by the Stowaway driver app itself , which is in any case unable to connect to the keyboard after days of trying every imaginable combination with or without the BT manager and reboots , terminating/restarting driver , etc -RRB- . I want so badly for this thing to work . I spent much time on the phone with tech support . I 've searched google and read forums . I have a Master 's degree in CS and 30 years computer experience , and I 'm not a person that gives up easily -LRB- have spent days on this unhappy endeavor -RRB- , but the problem is , it just does n't work , and shows no light at the end of the tunnel.Reasons I am unhappy :1 -RRB- It 's lame that I have to have a driver in the first place . Bluetooth keyboards should just work .2 -RRB- There is no blackberry driver on the CD they shipped , though Amazon markets the keyboard as supporting blackberries .3 -RRB- The OTA driver website they recommend in the quick start guide returns a 404 not found message .4 -RRB- The website does not allow me to punch in my keyboard model number . Instead , I have to choose a picture of my keyboard . Not very reliable . It gives me an option for a blackberry 8703e . Why is that option there if it is unsupported ? iGo support says that 's a picture of a Shasta model , which is apparently slightly different than the XTBT01 model that Amazon just sent me . Well , all I know is that they show two pictures , and my keyboard looks like the one on the left and nothing like the one on the right .5 -RRB- I told tech support up-front what model I had , and they did n't tell me that it was n't supported until 15 minutes into the call when they were walking through their own web site with me , apparently to get me to do a fresh reinstall of their app even though I 've already done it several times before I asked the BES admin to set up a trusted version -LRB- with keystroke injection allowed -RRB- to be pushed from the BES . Thanks support ! I 'm sure the BES admin will be happy to repeat his work ... But I 'm going along with this charade and all at once they say `` Aha ! Your keyboard is n't supported . It has to be our new shasta model . Your model has been discontinued . '' Oh , obviously . You would think that would be the first thing they would check at the start of the conversation when I told them the model number . Well , I knew there would be a shafting sooner or later .6 -RRB- Besides the apparent carelessness in marketing this device as `` for blackberries '' Amazon should also have a disclaimer about requiring cooperation from a BES admin in order for it to work , for enterprise users . Because even though I was able to obtain this , realistically not everybody is an a position to do so . They should know this upfront before making the purchase . This warning should feature prominently , up there with their happy editorial reviews .7 -RRB- Amazon made me think that I had to respond by a certain time for this `` lightning deal '' . But in fact , it 's still $ 30 . It did n't go back up to $ 70 or $ 150 . I think maybe they should have mentioned the words `` closeout '' or `` discontinued '' . Oh well -- perhaps I was naive .8 -RRB- iGo should have written their app such that it was obvious that my device was unsupported , and not just via whitelist either . It should detect when the techniques it depends on fail , and produce informative messages . Also the documentation should be more consistent , the OTA link should work , the website should not offer a driver if it is n't supported , etc.The worst thing is , I told some friends about the deal , so now it 's going to make me look bad.P.S . yes that stupid sticker was a bummer -- would not peel off cleanly . I hate the rest of the packaging also .
 Other than the fact that I could n't get it to `` communicate '' with my Sony 280P , it does n't lay flat . It wobbles when typing on either end . Compact , yes . Functional , not quite .
 I 'm a dedicated Treo user - have a 700P after having one of the first 600 's in Texas and a 650 the day it came out . Have been hoping for a good keyboard solution and have yet to find one . I love gadgets , am not dumb , and found this product enormously frustrating . First it would n't connect , then it did but it was impossible to navigate using the keyboard . I do n't mind the keys having shortcuts for Pocket PC and Symbian - no worries there . But I 've had Palms for years and often had to try 25-30 different , reasonable , increasingly less intuitive keystrokes before giving up tiredly . Moving around applications does n't make sense to me , and enter versus tab versus the green Fn key or the blue one ... completely over the top in difficulty unless you want to use your stylus all the time.I 'm returning mine after 3 days of working with it in my office , on planes , and in airports . Total disappointment .
 I opened the package and decided to get used to the keyboard before installing it . The `` H '' key sticks when I opened the keyboard and after I tried to loosen the `` H '' key again , it popped up . I pressed the key once more and it sticked again . After four attempts to unstick the key , the `` H '' key flew off the keyboard and it was lost . The rubber casing that gave the key its springy feel vanished along with my `` H '' key.All the other keys seem to work fine . Keyboard construction seemed flimsier than I expected .
 I read a LOT of good reviews on this keyboard from many users and many magazines . I may have expected too much , but this keyboard did not live up to my expectations or needs . I purchased the keyboard for use with both a Dell Axim device and a Smartphone . Opon recieving the keyboard , when attempting to open , it came apart and fell into pieces on my lap . There was not sign of damage from the shipping , in fact the box it came in was very clean and neat . I hope it was only the construction of the keyboard that was fouled up . After I re-assembled the keyboard , I inserted batteries into a compartment that barely held them in place . I then turned on the keyboard and discovered it on my Smartphone . It was recognized right away and I was ready to type . Or , so I thought . Many of the keys were stuck in the down position . It took me several minutes of twiddling to get all the keys to pop up in the normal position before I could type on the unit . It took a lot more effort to get used to only 4 rows of keys , rather than 5 . Needless to say , I 'm returning this unit and getting the larger Stowaway bluetooth keyboard . If size is an issue , then and only then , consider this keyboard . Otherwize , I ca n't recommend it for any purpose or use .
 It seems that this keyboard acts a little like those gold fish you bring home in a plastic bag from the pet shop . You have to put the whole bag in the tank until it acclimates to it 's new surroundings . I went from wanting to love the thing for the sheer coolness factor ... to boxing it up to send back when it would n't sync to my Axim x50v ... to giving it another chance and after it was good and ready to work flawlessly , I now love it again . The keyboard is smaller than standard but very useable . It 's great for writing a longer e-mail , inputting contacts , or writing a letter in word , when you do n't want to peck at the screen with your stylus endlessly . The construction feels solid and opening and closing is a snap . Pun intended . The only major flaw is with the cradle that holds your PDA . It is removable which is the desired use to space the PDA a little further away from you . But the feet that clip it to the keyboard just do n't want to let go . The plastic it 's made out of does n't seem especially robust and I feel certain it will snap off eventually . Also the curved lower part of the cradle that holds your Axim , et al , is a little under developed and if bumped will readily jettison what it 's holding . Other than that it works very well and never ceases to make me grin when everyone passing your table at Starbucks has to stop and ask you about it . I previously gave it one star , but now that it 's acclimated and working I give it 4 only because of the cradle shortcoming or else it would have been a full 5 . I know it shows one star , but Amazon whold n't allow me to edit the scale .
 I have a BlackBerry Curve 8320 and got this keyboard to use with the device . It does not work with the new OS 4.5 for BlackBerry . I called tech support for iGo and they said they do not and will not support it . They suggested I search on the web for a hack driver that someone might post . This is not the kind of tech support that a reliable company would give ! Also , I have not been able to find any after market software to make it work . Avoid ...
 This keyboard is discontinued and can not be used by many devices . It CAN NOT be used by the Blackberry Storm . iGo provides limited support -LRB- e.g. apologies . -RRB- It seems like a nice product but it is officially discontinued and drivers for current devices are NOT available .
 See review title above . I was really happy with it until the `` M '' key -LRB- and a couple others above/below it -RRB- stopped working . I always took good care of it too , it had its own little storage slot in my car.The product has been discontinued . It was fun while it lasted .
 This keyboard has been discontinued , so be sure to check compatibility with your SmartPhone / PDA . Does not work with BB Curve 8330 with OS 4.3 or above . iGo shows no concern for this and says there will be no further updates .
 Product has been discontinued . No driver for Palm Centro . Tried using driver for Palm Treo , but it locks up my Centro , requiring a hardware reset . Had to re-install all my Palm apps after the reset .
 Maybe this is a good product.It is NOT for any RIM BLACKBERRY!Buyer BEWARE !
 When I just received this product in the mail , the title on the packaging had been changed and the word `` Blackberry '' has been removed ! And the list of supported devices on the package does NOT mention RIM or Blackberry!Also please note that iGo has decided to drop this entire product line , they are no longer producing -LRB- or supporting ? -RRB- keyboard products !
 I purchased this keyboard for my daughter , who has a Treo 680 . I was attracted by it 's bluetooth connectivity and small size . I 'm not usually one to write a negative review , but this product ` pushed my buttons ! '' -LRB- When I intended to push ITS buttons !!! -RRB- First , and most unfortunately in our case , this keyboard is NOT compatible with the Treo 680 , although it is supposed to be compatible with most of the other Treos . -LRB- Check to make sure !! -RRB- The driver for this product caused her Treo to go into the endless reboot loop , and after many vain attempts , including soft resets , it was necessary to do a HARD reset , which required the re-installation of all of her programs , -LRB- thank heaven for backups , so her personal data was restored !! -RRB- This keyboard is compatible with the Palm TX , though , which is what I have , so I kept it . However , turning it on is fussy , and it often takes 2-3 attempts to link them up via Bluetooth . Once linked up , it is adaquate as a keyboard , although there is often a small lag -LRB- maybe a second or so -RRB- in when I type a character and it appears onscreen , which can be annoying , when trying to verify spellings , etc.The keyboard does lock open , which is great . However the support arm for the PDA needs some sort of locking device for the PDA , the least little jiggle can cause your PDA to fall over or off the arm . Not much of a problem on a table , but if you are counting on the `` lock open '' feature to help you while `` on the road '' -LRB- car , plane , train , etc. -RRB- , the instability of your device will be a great impediment making it nigh on to impossible to do any significant work.Summary
 Here is a quick writeup of the issues I 've had with this product AND the support people : I 've had this keyboard for several weeks , and I must say that I 'm not very impressed . There are several issues with it that I 'm hoping someone will be able to address.Issue 1 : for some unknown reason , the IR Keyboard checkbox is always checked . I keep unchecking it , but it keeps getting rechecked . This issue is minor.Issue 2 : While I 'm typing , the left shift key keeps locking on . This is not , I repeat NOT , a physical issue , it 's the software that is causing this.Issue 3 : Every single time I activate the keyboard software , telling it to connect , it tells me to add the keyboard to my devices list . It 's been added since the first time I used it , and it 's listed in the secure devices list . The software does n't seem to know this.Issue 4 : It keeps losing connectivity . If I stop typing for a short amount of time , sometimes , on a very random basis , the keyboard stops transmitting and I have to reconnect . This happens even if the batteries are new.Issue 5 : It constantly misses key strokes if I pause while typing . This is completely random . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . It always starts working after I hit a key several times , but this is really annoying.For the money it cost me , I expected more , especially considering that , while slick looking , the keyboard does n't appear that it will last very long . This is unfortunate , since I use the keyboard to write on the Treo quite extensivly . Also , I noticed in their forums that there were a number of people with the same problem , so it 's clear they still have n't addressed it . Plus , when I emailed tech support , I got an out of office response , which , I might add , IS THE EXACT SAME RESPONSE OTHER PEOPLE WERE GETTING A YEAR AGO!If you can find something else that works , stay away from this keyboard .
 I had problems with :1 . Getting it to sync with my Treo .2 . My bluetooth headset has not worked since I installed the keyboard .3 . Hitting keys on the end of the keyboard causes it to tilt that direction .
 The keyboard does connect and work as advertised with my Axim X51v . However , after only occasional gentle usage over something longer than a year -LRB- perhaps used 10 times in the library -RRB- the bracket that makes up the PDA stand snapped in half due to its support wire , making the PDA support useless and closing the keyboard difficult . Customer service said since it is out of warranty my only option is to purchase a new keyboard since they do n't make parts available . Does it work ? Yes . Will it last ? Probably not . Not many other options out there , but be aware this is a very fragile device that , when it breaks , can only be replaced and not repaired .
 never worked . . tried downloading all the repair files to correct the problems . do n't waste your time or money . if you want other opinions , use google to search other web sites : - -LRB-
 IGO claims compatibility on the Stowaway Ultra-Slim with Mac based on the logo on their Data Sheet . However , after repeated attempts to resolve problems with their support , IGO now claims they only support OS X 10.0 , not even 10.4 !! . Of course , this is claim is a joke as OS X 10.0 was discontinued LONG before this keyboard existed . Works fine on my Nokia phone though .
 I WAS DISAPOINTED IN THIS AS IT DID NOT CLEARLY STATE WHAT IT WAS COMPATIBLE WITH . I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR A FRIEND WHO HAD T-MOBLE SIDEKICK PHONE AND IT WOULD NOT WORK ON IT . THANK GOODNESS AMAZON DID REFUND IN FULL . LOOKED LIKE A GOOD IDEA THOUGH .
 I have to ask someone with short fingernails to open this thing , because there are little teeth on the slide-and-press button . When I close it , it feels like it 's going to break . I 've been used to the keyboard for the -LRB- no longer available in the USA -RRB- Sony Clie ' and this compares miserably .
 I suppose this keyboard would be nice it it worked with my blackberry . The item description indicated that it wouldI even went to igo website and entered my model of blackberry and downloaded the driver it supplied and it did n't work . I too recieved one that had a sticker super glued to the keyboard . It took me an hour to get the sticker off only to find that the keyboard did n't work with my blackberry . It is on return now . If you are one of the lucky few I supposes it is nice but for most people it seems not to work .
 This is a very great little keyboard that works nicely -LRB- usually -RRB- with my BlackBerry 8830 . It flips open from a tiny little thing into to a comfortable size keyboard that you can really type on . It has shortcut keys that mostly work -- although on my BlackBerry , some of the keys do different things than they 're supposed to , there does n't seem to be a key to launch the Inbox , and the Bluetooth connection falls off and has to be reconnected every once in a while . Setup and installation were simple using the BlackBerry universal drivers downloaded from the iGo website . Normally , I would give this 5 stars , especially at this great price.BUT ... some rocket scientist at iGo decided to place a big , friendly `` How To Use Me '' sticker across the keys and the case . It 's a nice thing to do , but instead of using Post-It glue so you could easily remove the sticker , they used industrial-strength price-sticker glue that DOES N'T COME OFF . In removing the sticker , one of the keys broke off . Amazon made good on it and replaced it , but the manufacturer was entirely useless in this regard and refused to do anything about it . -LRB- I think iGo or Amazon 's supplier must have had a large inventory of these with the bad stickers that they are unloading on Amazon at a fraction of the original price , which is why the price here is so very low compared to everywhere else , and which is also why the manufacturer 's website is sold out on these right now . -RRB- If you get this , REMOVE THE STICKER VERY CAREFULLY and plan on it taking awhile . I found that RUBBING worked better than scratching , but it was still impossible to get all of the residue off and of course I damaged the key.This is enough of a design flaw that my rating goes down from 5 stars to 2 stars .
 My iGo arrived today and I 'm sending it right back . First the sticker placed over the keyboard that tells you how to unfold it pulled one of the keys off . Secondly the `` W '' is stuck in the down position . Third the drivers for Blackberry can not be downloaded directly from the phone and forth the web and print instructions are non-existant . I 'm a technically savvy person but I can tell I 'm in for hours of valuable time trying to get this to work .
 I ordered this on the assumption it would work with all Blackberry devices - wrong ! After much frustration and a 1hr ` on-hold ' with IGo 's tech support they admit it only works with a ` few ' Blackberry models and not my 7130 . W \
 I struggled with trying to get this thing to work with my Blackberry 8700g for some time . I even selected and downloaded a driver that was listed for Blackberry devices on the product web site . After a lot of frustration , I finally got my Blackberry to pair with the keyboard , but it would still not recognize it when I tried to get it to link to it . I contacted iGo product support and they informed me that
 I wanted this product for years and saw the 29.99 price and could not resist . The item came without a Blackberry driver and despite many tries downloading and reinstalling again and again from the website and an hour on the phone to Igo tech support the device did not work . At least Amazon is taking the return . The item also comes with a label on it glued so tight I almost returned it right then because I could not get it off . I 'm just so dissapointed ... It did say for Blackberry on the package even ... STAY AWAY !
 I purchased this product to send over to my wife who is on a trip , and complained about typing on a Blackberry . I thought I better install it before sending it after her , so I could guide her along . No PC where she is , so I tried to download as advertised . Result
 do n't bother ... during the 2007 holidays , these keyboards were going for less than US$ 30 , but immediately doubled in price ... what you get is a flimsy arrangement that , albeit works , is not the quality one would expect for the inflated US$ 60 + price -LRB- other bluetooth keyboards are equally overpriced -RRB- ... do yourself a favor and get an Apple wireless keyboard - you 'll be purchasing a quality product and a work of art at the same price ...
 Do n't do it ... I recently purchased a bluetooth keyboard from Think Outside and am thoroughly disappointed . The keyboard itself is a reasonable size , although it does lack the top number row . My primary complaint is the keyboard very frequently drops keystrokes and , more importantly , drops the bluetooth connection . With the latter , you have to go through the pairing process .
 I am so dissapointed in this product . I have used it two times since I purchased it as it is stuck in the ` fix ' file as it will not stay working ! I finally gave up as I am a single parent working two jobs and each additional thing to do means direct sleep loss ! So , there it sits . It just errors out and says to reinstall the software which I have done repeatedly . This purchase was to make MORE time for my children and I , instead it just took precious money and wasted it . Good luck in your finding a more reliable product !
 My Dell x50v PPC -LRB- OS version A04 -RRB- can see the keyboard but does not connect . I downloaded driver 4.2 . It dd not make a diference . I am returning it.Akos
 It worked well for a few hours then it disconnected and I closed it in frustration -LRB- the stowaway feature -RRB- . While closed , apparantly the keys on the keyboard were pressed together , draining the battery , which is absolutely rediculous . I replaced the batteries and now the thing wo n't reconnect with my pda . Not only does it technically suck , it sucks in that you have to press a numlock anytime you want to use the number pad , which is annoying and time consuming . After finding that this this is useless , I feel the urge to throw it against the wall . I assume that it will break in pieces if even dropped . If I did get it to work again , it would still be a pain to type because with every keystroke the thing goes flying because it is so flimsy . Definitely the worst buy that I have ever made . I am about to buy a regular bluetooth keyboard , at least it will work I do n't care as much for flimsy things .
 You 'd think that somebody would put instructions about how to open and close the damn thing in the user manual .
 Sorry but my IT specialist says this product is junk.iGo Stowaway Ultra-Slim Bluetooth Keyboard for PDAs and Handhelds
 I just received this item from Amazon , and it is very nice , with the exception of one thing ... someone in product development thought it would be a great idea to put an industrial strength sticker over the keyboard and exterior of the item . It took me over a hour to manually remove the sticker , and it still has residue all over 9 buttons on the right side . Plus , when trying to get the residue off of the case with some goo gone , it removed the IGo logo , thus ruining the front of the case.For $ 90 , I would have thought someone could have spec 'd out a removable sticker , or better yet , no sticker at all , simply a card/placard that would show how to open it . This is terrible , and I 'm totally dissatisfied that my brand new $ 90 item is ruined thanks to someone 's poor planning .
 This keyboard looks and feels great . It works on the Palm as it states , but unfortunately the palm keyboard driver is a buggy piece of rubbish . Anyone that reviews this for the palm and says its great obviously hasnt actually tried typing anything that requires the use of the shift key . Theres a bug that means that anything you shift causes the next letter to be shifted as well . Intensely annoying . And thinkoutsides reply ? Wait for 1.5 years for the new driver . Well thanks but no , I 'll be binning my keyboard instead.Before you buy this for a palm check out the support forums at ThinkOutside.com - look at all the people complaining about this problem and the lack of response from thinkoutside ...
 We will returning this , ca n't get it to work for a blackberry , even though the ad says it will .
 I 'm very unhappy to have to give such a nice piece of hardware such a low rating . I really liked the keyboard . It 's compact , has a great feel , and is light.However , it just does n't work . The problem is specifically with the software , and not the hardware . The device requires you instal a driver on your PDA , and the current driver for Palm does n't work -LRB- for other devices see below -RRB- . The shift key is very erratic , such that you end up with strings that LOoKs lIKe THiS . If you are using a Palm TX , do * not * buy this keyboard . Unless you can do with out using the shift key!The company promised a revised driver in March for Palm , and as I write this we are well into April and there is no driver yet . They have ignored mine and * many * others ' requests to know what the status is of the update . It 's been a complete and eerie silence.As far as for other products , as I 've been frequenting the company 's forum pages often , I have noticed there are other PDAs which are suppose to work but do n't . I * strongly * urge you to go to Think Outside home page , then go to the forum . There is a forum dedicated exclusively to discussing this product . Do a search there on your PDA and see if other people are having problems or not . If there 's nothing there , and your PDA is suppose to work , then you 're probably fine.Specifically , if you have a palm TX like me , what I would suggest you do , if you have any interest in this keyboard , is to first go to the company home page . Check out the most recent driver for Palm . If they are still on 3.01 which was released in June 2005 , do n't buy the keyboard . However , if they have a new driver , I would go to the forum page of Think Outside and see if anyone is having problems with it . If not great , if so continue to beware!I do think other palm devices aside from the TX have been having trouble , but go to to forums and check for yourself regarding the relevant device.Always check the support forums for any device before you buy ! Ah . . if only I had done that before buying this keyboard!Good luck !
 Never would I write a review of anything
 iGo does not have a driver that works with Blackberry Pearl models . I even contacted their tech support and there are no plans to even get one.I was impressed with the design of the keyboard . I really wished it would have worked with my Blackberry .
 Looks and feel nice - would be a great product if not for all the software issues . I was unable to connect to the keyboard in secure mode with my Treo 700p after following the directions to the letter . After much messing around and deleting the bluetooth cache I was finally able to convince it to connect.Then discovered that the latest driver -LRB- v4 .1 8/06 -RRB- does not properly support the 700p so the cursor keys do not map to the 5-way navigator in many contexts , meaning for example that you can not use the cursor keys to navigate menus , or move around in the Applications list - ThinkOutside customer support said they were aware of the issue and might fix this in a future driver if possible ... . Pretty lame . Cursor keys do work properly in Documents to go editting though.Because the Palm OS doesnt support more than one Bluetooth device active at a time , there appear to be all sorts of issues with switching back and forth between devices - when I try to pair my Jabra headset after installing the keyboard I found I couldnt -LRB- even after disconnecting the keyboard -RRB- , and after wrestling with the Jabra and giving up , I found I couldnt connect to the keyboard again without wiping the bluetooth cache -LRB- or maybe it was the soft-reset that fixed it -RRB- . So my recommendation would be to stay away from this product - but on the other hand it doesnt appear that any alternative products are any better . Unbelievable , especially when you consider that these are just software issues .
 I got this for my Blackberry Pearl . I had a previous version of this keyboard for my PocketPC , and my expectations were high . First impression - nice packaging , and the fit and finish were slick . However , things when downhill from there . First of all , there was a paper sticker which wrapped around from the back of the keyboard and onto the keys . This provides instructions on opening and closing it . However , when I went to remove this sticker , it turns out that the adhesive on the sticker is strong , and the paper is weak , resulting in my having to use my fingernail to scrap gunk off the keys to the keyboard . I got maybe 20 % off the back of the unit and just gave up - ANNOYING ! Then I plugged the batteries in and went to pair it with my Blackberry . Even though item description on Amazon states `` for Blackberry '' and so does the sticker on the packet , THERE ARE NO INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING THIS DEVICE WITH A BLACKBERRY . PocketPC yes , Palm yes , Symbian yes , Blackberry NO ! ARGH !
 Like others , I have had three or four keyboards for my prior Palms , including several by ThinkOutside , and have been very pleased . Unfortunately , that came to an end with the Bluetooth keyboard . For some reason the Palm it is connected to ca n't detect it when `` listening for keystrokes '' - I have to disconnect and reconnect and then - about half the time - it will connect and I can type . The other half either it does n't connect , or the Palm crashes . Still have the shift key causing two letters at a time to be capitalized as others have noted , but that 's a minor problem . The real problem is that a minute later when I try to type again , it 's disconnected and I have to reconnect again . Another minute playing Russian roulette with the program . So typing using the keyboard actually takes longer than handwriting.Nothing about this on TO 's boards , and repeated e-mail requests were not responded to . It is annoying enough that I have to buy new keyboards with every single Palm -LRB- the last one had the `` universal '' connector , but it 's apparently not so universal -RRB- but it 's worse that now that I ca n't get one that hard-docks so it 'll actually work . I have to get a BT or IR , and the BT does n't work.This keyboard went from being a really great tool on my last three Palms to a piece of junk with this one .
 Two issues
 This product was billed as `` universal '' , that is that it would accept any PDA . It does not accept Blackberry products . Therefore , it was return . It should not be advertised as a `` universal '' portable keyboard .
 THE IGO STOWAWAY IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE BLACKBERRY STORM 2 . AFTER CALLING THE COMPANY 'S TECHNICAL SERVICE DEPT AND FINALLY CONVINCING THEM AFTER A TWO HOUR PHONE CALL THEY AGREED TO TAKE THE STOWAWAY BACK , BUT WOULD CHARGE US A RESTOCKING FEE , BUT GUESS WHAT , IT GETS BETTER , THEY WENT OUT OF BUSINESS ! I 'VE NEVER HAD TO RETURN ANYTHING LIKE THIS BEFORE TO AMAZON AND I 'M HOPING THEY STAND BEHIND THE PRODUCTS THEY SELL .
 The keyboard will connect to an iphone 3GS with iOS 4 but will not reconnect automatically.I did the CTRL + LFT FN + RT FN keys and the light on the keyboard starts flashing . Then check the bluetooth on the iphone and it discovers the keyboard . Then when you pair it the iphone will ask you to enter a 4 digit code and press enter on the keyboard . That part works perfectly.Then you can use the keyboard on the iPhone 3GS . But when you close the keyboard and the bluetooth connection is broken , it will not reconnect when you open the keyboard back up . I tried pressing keys and waiting . I checked the bluetooth status on the iphone and it shows not connected . No matter what I do it will not reconnect . I have to manually re-pair the keyboard and phone to get it to work . That makes the keyboard completely useless on the iPhone 3GS with iOS4 . There is a video posted on youtube where another person had the same problem.If anyone was able to get it to work properly with an iPhone 3GS with iOS4 , please let me know how you were able to do it .
 The Stowaway Bluetooth Keyboard came in the original unopened package . However when I opened it , there was a sticker across the keyboard from I to M that was difficult to unstick . When I got that off , and tried to pair it to my PDA , I found that the enter key did not work . So I sent it back . I received it about Aug. 15 and returned it the next day . It has been almost a month and I have not heard from the Uttam Kumar , theiGo Stowaway Ultra-Slim Bluetooth Keyboard for Blackberry and other PDA / Handheldsseller .
 I bought this keyboard for my Garmin iQue M5 PDA , I saw the of the product `` UNIVERSAL bluetooth keyboard '' only find out that it is NOT universal ! it does n't work with my PDA , I must say that customer service is terrible ! they replied after 4 days , only to say `` its not compatible '' , in the forum the moderators would n't say if they ' r gon na develop an update for this problem . I am sure this keyboard has alot of potential , but you really need to be certain that its compatible . . by the way it does n't work with the new Nokia 6680 too .
 Oh how I wanted this to work.I ended up sending it back after spending seven hours , over two days , trying to get it to activate . Followed the instructions to a `` T. '' Again and again.Downloaded the new software . The instructions for both the old and new software ARE quite confusing.Spent time on the web trying to find a support phone number for Think Outside . No such thing . Found an email support address . Emailed for help . Found a support forum . Posted my questions . Did n't hear back for two days and so mailed the unit back to Amazon . Then heard back.Think I MAY have figured out -- from the response they sent -- something I could have done to get it going . But , too late . Too frustrating.Obviously -LRB- from reading the reviews -RRB- it loads more easily on some other pocket devices . Allow lots of time for experimenting and contacting support by email and awaiting responses if you 're loading it onto a Dell Axim . AND read the recent comments from other Dell Axim users here who had difficulties but figured out how to get it working . -LRB- Wish I had realized there were new comments from Dell Axim owners . -RRB- I 've used a Stowaway keyboard for my Palm for years . Works wonderfully . Never needed any help . Expected this one to be just as easy to install and delightful to use . Or even more so , being bluetooth . Wish that HAD been my experience . Had no idea there is not a support number for Think Outside . Had never had reason for one before.I ordered the keyboard early in March and at the same time ordered the Bluetooth Travel Mouse . Had planned to install them together . But the Travel Mouse did n't come with the keyboard . I kept waiting . -LRB- Turns out the travel mouse is on major -- couple month -- back order . -RRB- When I realized that almost 30 days had passed since the keyboard had arrived and the mouse was not here yet , I decided I had better load the keyboard software and try it out . Wish I 'd played with it the day it arrived . Would have given me plenty of time to do the slow back-and-forth email thing with Stowaway and , hopefully , get it going.If you have a Dell Pocket PC , this is probably not going to be plug and play for you . -LRB- But if you do get it going , I 'll bet you 'll love it . -RRB- Best , kwcP.S . 10-5-05 UPDATE
 According to the information provided on reviews from Amazon this device has problems of compatibility with a lot of devices , the box says that is compatible with more than 5 hundred -LRB- pda 's , smartphones -RRB- bad luck the N95 is not compatible with it . SO PLEASE STOP SAYING THAT IS COMPATIBLE WITH SYMBIAN , it would be compatible if it is compatible with ALL devices that use that OS . It is a shame because the hardware seems strong and well made , and is cheaper than the NOKIA one
 FYI
 The keyboard appears to be of average quality but does not work with Windows Mobile 6 at the current time . I hope Mobility releases a driver in the near future !
 The driver for this device completely broke my Treo 650 , fortunately I have Sprint 's insurance plan so I was able to get a replacement Treo . I used the latest driver from the Thinkoutside website . If you have a Treo do not get this device .
 I have not been able to use said product , the thing has never work . . and I ca n't send it back . . a total waste of my money .
 I have spent hours -LRB- it seems -RRB- trying to get this to work . The Palm simply refused to recognize its existence . I tried to contact tech support , but received no answer .
 I have not had a chance to test this product yet because it does not work with my Blackberry -LRB- 7130e -RRB- . The text is a little deceiving because it says that it works with Blackberry 's . After getting the product and trying for hours and reading the literature , I called the support line and I was told that it does not work with my Blackberry . I was disappointed by the fact that none of the literature tells you what devices it works with .
 Not a bad product but it does n't work for my BB 8700c even though the maker 's web site says it does . The problem I have is that my BB is on BES and using this keyboard requires security changes that are administered by the BES administrator . If you are not very technical or if you use BES , I suggest you look for another product.On the bright side , I did get this to work with my PS3 . Not all of the keys work on it , though .
 A cheap imitation of the original . The front cover broke off my phone within a day , and off my wife 's in two . A waste of money . The original snap-on cover is thicker and clicks into place snugly .
 It costs a few cents but delivery is around 5 or 6 dollars each one , so if u buy 3 is $ 15 , 4 is $ 20 , etc. . I have bought several of them , and the front cover is the first thing that breaks , it is too fragile , it breaks easily , the last one I bought only last 4 days . I did n't mind at the beginning the breaking part because I was planning to buy many of them , but as i said before the delivery increases too much for that.I like the design . The piece that cover the rest of the phone is hard , that one has not broken in none of my previous purchases , but I just threw them away cause you want to protect the whole phone .
 I bought it for protection against minor bumps and scratches . within 24 hours it had already cracked while just sitting in my pocket .
 I have tried two cases and both have brittle plastic . The case part that fits on the top of the RazorV3 will crack in a couple of days ! It will fall off the flip top .
 This case was cracked when I received it and broke completely within a week . I love the case but it just needs to be little more sturdy.I would and will buy another hopefully the next one will not be cracked when I receive .
 I purchase this to protect my Razor phone , and I have only had it a month and the piece that covers the screen , the clips have broken off and the case has cracked . I have NEVER EVER dropped my phone or abused it - but the case is so cheaply made that it looks like it 's been dropped and kicked ! I would not reccommend this product to ANYONE .
 In theory , this is a good product but putting it to use you will discover that it is not all it is cracked up to be . My phone did not fit very well into the holder even though it is the correct model . I found myself constantly checking to make sure it was still in there and did not fall out . After about two days of use , one of the bottom holders broke rendering the holder useless . But , it was cheap so I am not real disappointed .
 I 've purchased this car charger for my Treo and theorder was delivered promptly . Unfortunately theconnector that was suppose to go into my Treo 650 didnot fit -LRB- too big -RRB- so I was n't able to connect it andcharge the phone . I send it back .
 When I first received the items they did n't work and them I returned and had to spend more money and they still do n't work . I even had the computer specialist at work try and they could n't even get them to work . I sent them a e-mail to receive my money back , because I did n't want to keep spending money to send items back that do n't work back . Who would have guessed , but they never replied . Thanks for waisting my time and money . I will never buy any from you again and will inform others to beware !
 The mice ` end ' came apart after a week . It 's very light weight and rather fragile .
 Very cheap and flimsy . The head band is a thin wire , very large and does not adjust to my adult head . The mute button has to be held down to use . The mouthpiece is very cheap as well . Not happy with this purchase at all !
 I had an old headset made by Anycom but the somewhat bulky earpiece made it very uncomfortable for wearing it for a long time . After I saw this IOGear it looks more attractive so I bought it.The more I use it , the more I dislike it . The ear hook is too flimsy that it is not holding it in place . Whenever I move my head , the whole earpiece moves away from my face . It did not fall down completely from my ear , just hanging there with the piece pointing 45 degrees from my face!More importantly , it frequently connects/disconnects while in standby mode , sometimes several times a minute . This is very annoying because your ear is filled with the ding-dong 's -LRB- it chimes when it connects or disconnects -RRB- all the time . Sometimes when you want to take a phone call you 'd find out that your headset is not connected!I 've returned it once and got a replacement , but the replacement has the same problem . I hope I can get my money back .
 Summary
 This bluetooth headset is absolutely horrible . I do not recommend it to anyone . My phone works wonderfully well with the Plantronics 510 , a highly reviewed/regarded headset and let me tell you it is a dream compared with this garbage . I actually like talking on the phone again . Here are my reasons : My phone
 I got this version from I O Gear as the version that I lost was so terrific . The headset for this model is useless , if you have ears . The earpiece is unusable - whoever designed it and approved its use should be required to wear it an entire day , they would find that it is not possible . Beyond its practical use because of the poor over-the-ear comfort , the headset , when held up to my ear seemed to have decent sound quality - the fact that no one could hear me was more than a little disappointing . Apparently the microphone on my particular headset does n't work . Since I just received this and discovered that I could not wear the ear piece or could anyone hear me , I am planning to return it . Save yourself the hassle . It is a shame that I O Gear chose to change the design , the previous model was so comfortable , that I did not even know I was wearing the earpiece .
 The headset seems to have a lot of static sounds in the backround issues.Don ' t conform to ear or around ear very easily or securely . Always feels as if it is going to fall off your ear.Reason being the price was very inexpensive . If you can deal with the above issues and not be bothered by them then this item is for you .
 i have used over 4 different bluetooth headsets with my Razr V3 , and i can say unequivocally this headset is definitely NOT worth the price.PROS -- fits well and is comfortable for long wear -- my friends say that they hear me well and they do n't hear an echoCONS -- staticy even when i 'm only 2-3 feet away -- the pairing with my Razr is maddeningly annoying
 Product has sharp edges , makes me want to file it on a rock ! Stainless Steel central part is SUPER prone to fingerprints marks so the phone always looks like it dirty , horrible ! I was looking for a sleek look and this is not it.Pro
 Do n't be fooled by the product description . This case is not Metal , nor is it even Stainless Steel . I even held a magnet up to the case and it did not attract . It has a ` metallic sheen ' to it , but that 's about it . The description is very misleading and false.My case came boogered up along the edge - sort of that melted plastic look you 'd get if you dropped superglue on something plastic . It did not appear to come to me as a new product.Other reviews also indicate there is some sort of rubberized grip around the edge . Again , mine has no rubber of any kind on it.I 'll use it for awhile , but it is not what I expected and I would not order it again . Buyer Beware !
 This product is really nice but as a female who does not rough handle anything pieces of these case starts to break after 1 week ! do n't believe it just buy it and see !
 From other reviews of this case , I was lead to believe it had some sort of rubberized sides or edges , but it was smooth shiny black plastic . Many of the edges and corners -LRB- some right where the buttons on the phone are -RRB- are quite sharp and pointy , making it very uncomfortable and kind of dangerous to hold and use . A few days after I put it on the phone , one of the corner tabs broke off while it was in my pocket . The black stainless part of the case looks pretty nice and while it fingerprints really easily , it also cleans off easily . The only real positive for me was the prompt and courteous customer service I received from Accessory Export . They emailed back and forth with me until I decided on another case which they sent to me free of charge . They also told me this case had been supplied with some sort of rubberized edges in the past -LRB- as reviewed -RRB- , but now it was supplied as I described . If you want this case , I suggest you contact the seller first and ask them for details .
 For the price of $ 6.47 including shipping , I would say this case looks okay but did n't last long for me . I would not purchase it again.It is basically a shiny black plastic case . The metallic parts appear black and fingerprint smudges show up pretty clearly on it . I wanted a case that keeps the Razr slim enough to still fit in a pants pocket or cell accessory pocket in a bag/purse and it does accomplish that.I have only had it for 3 weeks and I notice it has a crack near the charger port already and some scratches along the edge near the crack . I also noticed the back of the case and phone were not tightly snapped together . I have not dropped the phone in this case yet so I think this has occurred just from normal handling , nothing rough . I noticed when I first put the case on that it was a tight fit , but once on it seemed okay . When I tried to take the back off , I would end up ripping off the back of the phone as well , due to the tight fit .
 The product did not work . Is not compatible with Nokia 6255i as advertised . Please see that correct software is sent to me . This is my third request . There has been NO response .
 The time it takes to get to your door does n't justify any lower price . Next time I buy a simple product like this I will drive to the nearest store . -LRB- it took 14 days for a $ 5.00 item !! -RRB-
 I have purchased this for my Nokia 6650 -LRB- AT&T -RRB- , and it does not fit . I am sure it does not fit most of the models it says it does ! If you have a flip phone like mine the chances of NOT fitting are very high . Its extremely low price tag might be tempting , but it is not worth the shipping you pay , Stay away !
 didnt really work for me . the cable didnt work for my phone . was unable to transfer data from my phone to my computer . kinda mad about that .
 This is honestly a very pointless and useless device . I used it once the day it came and never used it again . You will think all your phone downloading problems will be over with this , little did you know that they have just begun .
 I ordered Nokia Bh-800 using Amazon free shipping . Well , it was free but they took their time packing and shipping it , I believe it took about 11 days after my plcing order to get ot me -LRB- living in los angeles -RRB- . BH-800
 My ears must be different than most others . This thing would not stay in my ear even when using the ear loop . The headset kept losing it 's connection to my Treo 700WX and required a soft reboot of the Treo to get it to work again . Every time I talked on it the person on the other end experienced an echo . I was very disapointed as most of the reviews are very positive . To be fair , I ca n't use the ear bud type stereo headphones either , they just do n't fit my ears . Also , other people have been having trouble with other bluetooth headsets with the new Treo 700WX . So , giving it the benifit of the doubt , I gave it a 2 , but I was leaning towards a 1 .
 The unit is small and looks attractive compared to other units . HOWEVER , I found the sound quality to be unacceptable . This is my first Bluetooth , so maybe my expectations are unrealistic , but I ca n't hear without static on this thing unless I hold the phone -LRB- Samsung A920 -RRB- up near my ear within a foot - which defeats the entire purpose.Other negatives are that the neckstrap us useless - you can bump it right out of the holder . In addition , the headset plays a long tone -LRB- 3-5 seconds -RRB- when you get a voicemail . Quite annoying - you have to ask the person to repeat what they said every time it happens . There is no mention in the manual of how to turn this off.Again , my first Bluetooth , but I was disappointed with these major inconveniences given the price .
 Worked fine with a co-workers phone -LRB- Samsung i730 -RRB- I just hear connect/disconnect `` bleeps '' and will successfully force the phone to redial.There were reports that the BH-600 works with the 6131 -LRB- v5 .5 -RRB- but do n't know about the 6133 . Bought the BH-800 hoping for Nokia compatibility ... very disappointing to say the least .
 I bought this for my husband after his research showed good reviews . Well , it did n't work well at all . Always static in the line , if he walked just a few feet away you could n't hear him at all . He used it for about 2 weeks and I convinced him to send it back .
 I 've had several Motorola headsets -LRB- HS850 , HS810 , H700 -RRB- and none of them seemed to work well consistently with the phones I 've had -LRB- people always complained that my voice sounded too far away and could n't hear me -RRB- . Since I own a Nokia N80 I thought that the Nokia BH-800 would work perfectly with it . Unfortunately , not only do people still complain about barely hearing me , but now I can barely hear people with the volume on maximum ! On top of that , if I put my phone in my pocket -LRB- same side as the headset -RRB- I start to hear static in the headset ! Add to this the fact that it does n't stay in place and always falls out and you have the greatest disappointment ever . This was my first -LRB- and probably last -RRB- Nokia headset . I love their phones but I 'm staying away from their headsets from now on . I thought my Motorolas were bad , but I found something that 's even worse . I did however buy the Plantronics Voyager 510 even though I was intimidated by it 's large size , it turned out to be very comfortable to wear -LRB- actually feels light -RRB- , the volume is great -LRB- I have to keep it on low so I do n't hurt my ears -RRB- , and people can actually here me loud and clear for a change . It also works great with my MacBook Pro and especially with Skype .
 I am very disappointed . there is generally always static . I have trouble hearing people and they have trouble hearing me .
 I own the Nokia 6133 and have successfully used it with a Motorola H500 BT headset . I acquired a Nokia BH-800 with the intention of using it instead of the Motorola because of its promised increased useabilty . I was able to get the Nokia BH-800 to pair with the phone but the headset icon would not display and there was no audio connection with the phone . I called Nokia technical support and spoke with two levels of support . All kinds of steps were done , reset headset , delete all pairings , re-pair the device and still no audio in the headset . I tried the BH-800 headset with the T-Mobile MDA and it worked just fine -- seems to be a problem with either the headset or the phone . Nokia 's advice to me was to return the item for refund or exchange . See the other reviewer 's similar experience below that indicates a pattern here that Nokia needs to address from and engineering perspective as the devices are represented by Nokia to be compatible and are obviously not compatible .
 The BH 800 bluetooth I ordered was defective when it arrived . I was very disappointed . It took 3 phone calls before I received any response and there was no option for a replacement the only option available to me was a refund . I went to the store and purchased another brand . I have a great headset now . I may never purchase online again after this recent experience .
 I ordered this super cool looking phone cover for my AT&T ; 8525 and when I got it I could not figure out how to make it fit my phone ! The case was so cool looking but it was not made in a practical manner . I tried and tried to get it to fit my cool little phone , but to no avail.FRUSTRATION ! I 've ended up using my old Palm Lifedrive cover , and it works great . It 's not a `` Slick '' looking cover , but has hard back and front covering , protecting my big screen on the front of the phone.The BIG news of the day is that I lucked out when I shopped Amazon . After I got all frustrated with the product and looked for the `` Send It Back '' policy , it was clearly stated and WELL followed thru . I received an easy to print return authorization , sent it back and got a refund right away to my PayPal account . Now THAT 's service . I 'm giving the product a 1Star , but I 'd give Amazon a gazillion stars for their service !
 I would not recommend this product for several reasons . It sticks out quite a lot vs the more compact belt hugging type of cases I have used in the past.There is a plastic sheet that goes over the keyboard . When the phone is closed , you can see that the screen and keyboard are being forced apart on one side by the plastic sheet . This is a really poor design that can damage your expensive phone!Also , the pivot point is off-center , which means that it can only hang vertically , whereas I prefer it to hang horizontally.I sent the case back via USPS as per their instructions , and did not hear anything back . Now they are saying that they did not receive it . Will never buy from SF Planet again .
 I bought the case for the HTC Mogul , which is almost identical to the AT&T ; 8525 . But the case is inverted ! The part with the camera needs to go on the bottom , and vice versa , and the phone buttons are covered by the case . Bottom line
 My review on this product this product is no good for the MDA it do n't fit . i could ` nt even use it .
 I was considering buying this product , but came across info at iigwest -LRB- dot com -RRB- / investigations/aulterra/2006 _ aulterra -LRB- dot -RRB- html that was very interesting that you might want to read before buying ... even if you are using them ... i would n't feel safe with these things everywhere .
 Applied neutralizer to two different cell phones . No noticble effect on EMF . Have used other very effective products , and was looking for a smaller product . This is smaller but does not work .
 Soon after I attached on of these stickers to my cell phone , I began receiving unwanted calls , mostly ` restricted ' or ` unavailable ' , at least 35 calls in one day . I took the sticker off my phone and quit receiving these calls .
 Well , I 'd like to write a good review but I never received the product . I bought it some time back and forgot about it . I contacted the seller today so hopefully will hear back from them . I hope they come through for me . As my uv and radiation sensitivities are really kicking in right now . If so , I will come back to write a good review - at least for the follow-up from them .
 I was super excited about this product and bought a few packs and gave it to all in my family . Then reading and researching more on EMF effects I decided to get a decent meter to measure the magnetic / electric fields around my home , such as the TriField meter . Well , unfortunately upon testing a bunch of the phones I used this shields on I learned that this product pretty much did nothing to protect me from the radiation from my Iphone nor for a Blackberry , or a Samsung . There are serious spikes showing in the magnetic field anytime data gets pushed , or I check my email , or my messages . So disappointing ... I guess the low price in this case means it does nothing . The moral here , do n't buy on pretty looks , test it !
 Okay , I have to say that I really wanted to believe this would work . I have only recently gotten a cell phone again after discontinuing the very low use of the one I had before . I can not use a cell phone for more than an hour or so a week , as I am highly sensitive to the effects . When I talk on a cell phone held to my head or with an earpiece for more than two or three minutes , my ear literally goes numb inside . I switch sides , to talk a few more minutes , until the other ear is numb and then I beg the person to let me hang up immediately . Using the speakerphone , I am spared from my ear going numb inside right away , and instead I just get extrememely yucky feeling , headachy and like my nervous system is irritated and I want to drop the phone in a hole in the ground and get as far away as possible . Soooo ... all this to say , I would KNOW if this thing worked.I thought at first , perhaps it did , when just holding my phone while it was on . But , as soon as I took a phone call on it , I was in the same position after talking several minutes . By the time we got to 1/2 an hour using the speakerphone and holding it in my hand -LRB- I was pushing it since I had this supposed device on the phone -RRB- I was ready to drop the phone in a trash can again . I have tried several different types of cell phones , so it 's not the particular phone.This device simply does not work in my opinion . Save your money ... and even more important , please condsider not taking on a false sense of security from having it ! I have tried other devices in the past years on electronics that seemed to help a little at least . They were not as thin as stickers , as these literally are , just stickers ! I am not trying to bash this company , I just want to put out a `` buyer beware '' to counter all these reviews that I read before purchasing it , giving them 5 stars . Maybe I am just crazy , but I truly could not tell any difference at all . And , it was not from being over skeptical or a lack of wanting it to work!I have a call into their customer service to attempt to get my money back . They said a manager would call me back tomorrow . Live and learn . I do n't regret trying it , as if anything actually worked , it would be heaven to be able to use a cell phone again -LRB- living in the age of cell phones as we do -RRB- . Looks like I am back to not using a cell anymore , except for occasional texting . Probably best for my overall health anyway ... so , all is well that ends well . -LRB- assuming they give me back my money -RRB- .
 When I placed this device on my TV I think it worked too well , suddenly I was unable to receive any digital TV stations , only analogue broadcast through the air . As soon as I removed the sticker my TV worked properly again . I had a similar effect with my cell phone , I was unable to receive calls until I removed the sticker.These things work TOO well
 The photo shows a package of three and the description does n't specify that the photo is incorrect !! You only get one ! Not at all happy with misrepresentation !
 cheap phone skin . while i was trying to use it on my slvr L7 it broke.very thin not worth any money for it.beware '' '' '' '' ''
 3G CV -LRB- Cingular Video -RRB- is cool the first few times you try it . But unless you pay for more content -LRB- HBO -RRB- , this feature would barely be used . Screen resolution is mediocre.Pros
 Product requires someone with arts/crafts skills , microfiber/non-lint sheet , and exacto knife.Box contained piece of plastic and sheet with bunch of thin double-sided strips . When the description stated it would be attached with an adehesive , I thought it was already on the screen . The instruction says to cut it with exacto knife . Since I could not find my exacto knife , I ended up using a razer blade instead and spent 30 mins . tonight making sure that the strip was perfectly on . -LRB- I 'm a perfectionist and my worries were if gaps are left , dust can get in and you will have a situation where it could be tossed inside . -RRB- My one concern with this method is it 's possible that humidity could build up inside the screen . I 'm not 100 % sure about this , but I have a feeling I will know once I am in the rain season in Serengeti in a week . Granted it 's thicker , because of the space between the screen , I think it 's better just to buy those lcd screen protectors , cut them and slap them on . Unless you feel like doing some detailed craft work , I 'd stay away and get pack of lcd screen protectors.As for the service , I was happy to see that Amazon stated it shipped on one day . Three days later , I get and email from the seller telling me it just shipped . I thought that I was paying extra $ for the UPS ground . -LRB- You can buy the same product for 3/4 of price on their site . -RRB- I sent him a disgruntled email , to which he replied with an picture with 2-3 days processing circled saying `` I 'm sorry that your expectations were not met . '' I sent him back my Amazon receipt screen circled with the ship date 3 days earlier . It 's been 4 days and I have not received a response from the seller . Given the track record , I expect very little or no support from the seller if I have any problems in the future .
 I carry a blackberry for work and an iphone for personal use when I travel . The iGo wall adapter seemed like a good solution to minimize the adapters that I need to carry . I picked up one of the wall adapters , an iphone plug , and a blackberry plug about a year ago . I bought at a retail store , so all in was about $ 40 , $ 20 for the wall adapater and $ 10 each for the plugs.I do n't reocmmend buying this product and I have four issues with this product that are reflected in my review :1 -RRB- The initial plug that I bought for my iphone was defective and had to be swapped out for a good one2 -RRB- iGo includes a very flimsey clip that attaches extra plugs to the unit 's cable . The clip is flimsey and fell off with the blackberry plug attached , so now that is lost and it would cost $ 10 to replace it .3 -RRB- the plugs are super expensive for what they are and when the clip that holds them falls off , you 're out the cost of the plug and have to pay a lot to get a new one .4 -RRB- For some reason when I charge my blackberry the wall unit makes a buzzing noise . So far nothing has happened , but the noise is audible from across the room and I 'm concerned that it will either catch fire or ruin one of my phones .
 Limited choices were included for the HTC models and therefore the adapter recommended for my phone charger was incorrect -- or more accurately , three years outdated . I needed a universal cell phone adapter , and not sure why one is not listed as such .
 Nice leather , quality case , but the belt clip let it down . it broke the first time I caught it on my seatbelt . i sent an email to the helpdesk but never heard back . the leather is very stiff too - I find it a bit tricky getting the phone out in a hurry to answer it . i use it occasionally when i want a `` dress '' case because it does look classy and I do n't mind so much that I have to keep it threaded on my belt .
 This is a hard plastic case that clips over the outside of your phone . The outside is a faux leather , made of plastic that looks convincing enough . All told it is an acceptable choice , trendy .
 I do n't know about other company , but Accessory Export will sell you the product that is totally different from the picture . I bought a Genuine Contour Leather Case for Motorola Razr V3 , but what I got was a cheap plastic covered with some form of soft plastic . There is no leather on the case at all . Not only that , the cover smells like petroleum oil .
 This DOES NOT work with Apple iphone 4 . I would give it no stars but that wasnt an option !! Very disappointed
 Yes , I 'd prefer a zero star option as well . The plug does not fit in the iphone , it is the smaller plug size used in older flip cell phones . I 'll have to return it . What a waste of time .
 I recently returned this product to the vender because it failed to connect with my axim x50 to my laptop . My computer runs windows xp and has had no problem with any other USB peripherals , thus I can only assume it 's a faulty item . The seller was kind enough to send a new item and this too has the same problem . Hence this product may have some issues.Dan
 The belt clip flew apart the first time I used it . I pressed the release button and pieces went flying . I found all the bits and tried to put it back together , but a piece of plastic that holds the large piece of spring steel was broken . The case itself fit perfectly , looks great , and I think it would 've suited my needs . But , I need the belt clip . The return process is quite easy so far , so I 'm quite happy with Amazon .
 At first I really liked this case . It fit the phone well and was easy to work with . The belt clip worked well and I liked that you could rotate the phone on the clip.Then the ratcheting mechanism broke and the phone spun around freely . Shortly after that it would not lock into the belt clip at all . After it popped off my belt and fell in the dog 's water dish I gave up on it . Nice product if you only plan to use it a couple of weeks . Otherwise do n't bother .
 I 've used this case for about 2 weeks and I 'm somewhat disappointed . The leather is a good sturdy quality but the stitching is beginning to unravel . Also , the swivel/click mechanism has become worn and the phone will not stay upright on my belt . It spins freely and has become annoying . All this after only two weeks has left me disappointed . I will not buy again .
 Bought this case for my phone and ca n't even get it in to the case . Right case for the right phone . Waste of money . Do n't buy .
 Buy this if you keep your phone in the pocket with keys or a pocketbook but 0 % fall protection . So If you drop your phone with this on your phone ... your phone will still break the glass on the front / hinges as if this was n't on it at all . Also this case pops off when I dropped mine . `` you can tell I drop phones alot ''
 received 2 phone covers - and they brojke trying to put them on ; very cheap , poor quality - and are too small for the k1m !
 The case is easy to snap on and seems protective enough -- buy it for those reasons , if you buy it at all . If you bought your phone for aesthetic purposes and really value the appearance of the phone , just know that the case really cheapens the phone 's appearance .
 I bought this to protect my phone and it only lasted about a week . After only normal wear and tear the cheap thin plastic was covered in cracks and started breaking apart . It was never even dropped . Finally I just took it off . Would n't recommend it ...
 This is a terrible product . I purchased it because it was the only case for my X105 that T-Mobile had , and it was a waste of $ 14.99 . First of all , the phone barely fits in the leather case . I have to stretch the top of it to get the velcro to hold , and the bottom of the phone always slips through the hole in the case that is supposed to be for the keypad . The clip on the back is ridiculously large and I have to use both hands to open it . Finally , I think the entire concept of these glove cases is ridiculous . I want something that will prevent my phone from getting scratched , and this stupid case is probably more likely to do more harm than good . I 've had it for less than a week and I 'm desperately shopping for a new alternative .
 the hard case was ok for D800 but not for d807 , i ordered one for d807 but what i got was for d800 so its wont fit , but the company was very cooperative with my ordered , i got it on time , they processed my returned and refunded back my money , they are very honest , although i didnt get the exact cover i ws looking for .
 The only thing I like about this is the color . I only used it for about 2 weeks , I was so dissatisfied that it now sits in my closet . It is difficult to punch in numbers and hear conversations , so I figured whenever I used it I would take it out of the case completely . This did not work as it took more then a few minutes to take it out of the case!Overall not a good design , do n't waste your money .
 stopped working in under a year -LRB- no output -RRB- . My xantrex charger lasted over 10 years , and I found a new 30A model for $ 85
 This holster for the LG Chocolate is totally inadequate . It fails in it 's ease of use , it is difficult to operate the phone/music player with the case on . It also fails in its primary purpose , which is to hold and protect the cell phone . The phone falls out of the case , I think through the opening intended to operate the round control . I do not recommend this product .
 the battery stuck out the back , the cover did n't fit . this is a disaster.but they shipped it ontime ... 2 stars
 This battery is erratic and unpredictable . It charges , but the resulting charge reads with an X , not bars , and charge often fades quickly .
 I did n't like this battery . After charging a long time it showed a big red `` X '' on the phone , which seemed to imply that there was a error -LRB- according to the phone 's hardware -RRB- . The battery did last longer than my previous one -LRB- which had lost capactiy due to memory , I think -RRB- , but I 'll buy the manufacturer 's battery in the future to eliminate risk .
 Description suggests a product from Motorola but packaging does n't . These batteries require 8 to 10 hours to fully charge . Batteries I 've purchased through Amazon.com from other suppliers in the past charge in just a few hours .
 I read all the reviews and decided that for the price that this product was being sold I would risk it.It is a really odd product . It will recognize my phone and upload all of my phone and calendar details but when I try to use it to input information it all of a sudden gives me this ` failed to connect with mobile ' message.I am really disappointed with the difficulty this ` convenient ' software has caused me .
 this software did nothing when downloaded to laptop . it showed the wrong phone in the picture and i finally obtained help directly from the manufacturer of this software . they sent me another download which worked fine.i spent more than 5 hours trying to get theis software to work and would not recommend it .
 Did two complete installs and neither was successful . It knows a phone was plugged in but never connects . So , I bought a nice cable . Does not rate any stars .
 The service was prompt but the product will not work on my phone . Apparently Verizon blocks the product from working on their phones . I tried downloading an file to unlock it , but still had no success . Good thing it only cost $ 1.99 . Not the seller 's fault , Verizon is to blame on this one .
 Theres problems using Moto . . phone tools with verwireless . The cable works fine with my razor but the software and getting the computer to detect the phone is a hassle and I had to get help on the net .
 I purchased the phone tools in order to add my own ringtones and images to my phone , but only found out after installing it that Verizon customers are unable to use the multimedia functions . This is probably just so Verizon can make users pay for ringtones , etc. . The program is decent , but almost completely useless to me without the multimedia functions .
 This software is just AWFUL . It tries to do too much in one package . The install was horrible . It took me 10 or more emails , back and forth with the vendor , over a period of about 2 weeks to get this thing up and running . The install is confusing , for example asking for the model number of your phone , in a lull-down list ... and my model -LRB- it 's brand new -RRB- is n't even listed . It required an on-line update , so it wo n't work on non-networked computers . The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome . This software is good for nerds , perhaps , but not for the faint of heart . And this vendor does not give refunds . I know because I asked . The vendor did help , but it took a long time to get this thing installed .
 Do not buy this software if you have the Motorola KRZR k1 . It is not compatible .
 Verizon customers will be unable to use the multimedia portion of this software -LRB- ie , no ringtones , pics etc transferable from PC to phone -RRB- because Verizon blocks this feature . Phonebook etc work fine . Verizon wants you to pay for their VCast service so they ask Motorola to block the Multimedia feature on this software . In my case , I have a RAZR V3m and it ca n't establish a connection if i try to put ringtones on my phone . I wish they would have specified this so I would have known before I got the product since that was my main reason .
 The case looks pretty good in the picture , but it looks like a second hand product when you have it in front of you . It takes away the cellphone 's pretty looks .
 This is some of the worst junk , passing itself off as software , that I have ever used.I use Outlook and a Palm Pilot . This software wrecked my contacts in Outlook and my Palm Pilot . It overwrote entries where I had complete information like street addresses and notes and replaced it with just the unformatted phone number . If I had more than one phone number for a person on my phone , I got more than one contact entry . The ones it did not overwrite , it deleted outright . It messes up names and forces you to store names in a weird way . After the first sync I was left with an Outlook Contacts folder that looked exactly like me phone . On the second sync , many of the entries were duplicated in Outlook . And this was with the default settings ! -LRB- Fortunately I exported my contacts immediately before I synched and was able to recover . -RRB- As for the Calendar , whatever you do , DO NOT USE IT ! Like the address book , it either deleted or duplicated entries 2 , 3 , 4 or more times after just one sync . It does not seem to know what to do with recurring appointments , at least if you have something scheduled in an unusual way like once a week on Wednesday or something equally unheard of.Scattered throughout the program are pictures of rudely or scantily dressed teenagers . There is no way to get rid of them . All of the `` please wait '' screens have them . These images are perfect if you have a co-worker who is looking to win the sexual harassment lawsuit lottery . Perfect for your co-worker that is . Very professional.On the positive side , you can charge your phone while it is connected to your computer . Fortunately , you do not need to install the software to do that.The really sad thing is there is nothing else out there that I am aware of . The promise of USB connectivity is not realized with this application . That is the only reason I gave it two stars , otherwise , it would deserve 1/2 star .
 Cheap as it is in price , it causes expensive headaches ! After I could not get this product to connect with my phone -LRB- which is a Razr V3m -RRB- , I contacted Motorola for updates & help . They politely informed me that this product is a Chinese aftermarket product , not valid in the United States , and it will not work with my V3m . This product is misrepresented by this seller , Accessory Export . When I tried to uninstall it from my PC , it will not allow it to be removed . I had to reformat my entire hard drive -LRB- I 'm an IT technician , so I know just a bit about computers ! -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT -- IT WILL END UP COSTING YOU MORE IN LOST TIME AND POSSIBLY COMPUTER DAMAGE ! MOREOVER , DO N'T BUY ACCESSORY EXPORT 'S ADVERTISEMENT !
 I have an older razr that I do n't use anymore , but wanted the pictures off of it . I bought this for a coronary-inducing $ 0.01 . It was STILL not worth my money . I installed it exactly the way it instructed , updated everything , and it would not recognize my phone . I wasted a good 3 hours on this `` program '' for aparently no reason . save your pennies .
 the disk would not load on any of the computers i tried it on , if not for the usb cable it would have been a complete waste of money .
 The software ca n't find the phone , even though XP finds and correctly identifies the RAZR cell phone .
 Nowhere in the product description does it mention that this software is for PC 's only . I feel like I was mislead .
 Not only did this software not work , it would barely install properly ! It would n't interface with my phone , even after calling my carrier.Thankfully it was cheap , so I do n't feel bad wasting a few bucks .
 WE have a RAZR V3m and this does not work with it . We have downloaded all the updates available and it will not work with our phone . Very disappointing . It looks like a great product if it would work for the RAZR V3m .
 The CD that I received has the Motorola Label alongside a bunch of chinese writing.I installed this program on my computer only to have it crash during the live update process . After my computer rebooted itself after recovering from a near fatal error , I tired to open the Mobile Phone Tool program using the desktop icon ; and , my computer crashed again , recovered and rebooted.I went to add/remove programs and deleted it.I tried to reinstall this program six times ... always with the same results.In my opinion , I got ripped off ... this program is n't worth 2 cents . I recommend
 I bought two of these batteries as spares for my phone . After receiving them , I stuck one in my phone and began to recharge it . I noticed that the charge meter kept moving as if it were charging but the charge bar would remain in the exact same place instead of growing . I tried the other one and the same thing happened . I then charged the phone for the whole night with no improvement . These batteries simply did not hold a charge . I then wrote a letter to the seller through the Amazon site . That was about two weeks ago . They still have not answered . As far as I am concerned their silence shows that they know that their batteries do n't work and have nothing to say . So , do n't even think of buying these batteries . They do n't work and you wo n't get any customer service .
 I had the 1 battery that came with the phone that lasted over a year . I brought this one that is a compatable and its no good I have to go buy another new one it only lasted a few weeks
 The battery does not charge . Eforcity replaced it immediately , but the replacement also does not function . I gave up requesting a third battery .
 This product did not work very well for me , but vendor I purchased it from was great . He worked with me to be sure I was satisfied .
 I ordered two of the Krusell Multiadapters . Both of them had a snap broken when they arrived so they would not attach . I was looking for a good quality holder for my TREO and this was not it . I was extremely disappointed in the quality of the item , and would not buy another one . I would not suggest this product to anyone .
 If you just want a phone to make calls , this one is it . ONLY for making calls . If you plan on making full use out of all features advertised , it is disappointing.There have been a lot of cheap phones recently that have the ability to do many things , but are crippled by bad or intentionally modified software . The Nokia 6030 from T-Mobile is no exception . The price may look low , but a LOT of phones are cheap these days . A low price is no excuse for bad software.Ring Tones : Fortunately it does MP3 ringers , but not much is included . Only a few are on the phone . You do n't get all of the 20-30 classic Nokia ring tones you might be used to . Good for customizers -LRB- or not , read on ... -RRB- , bad for people wanting simple ringers included.Games and Java Applications : The phone can run Java applications , but does not allow them to access the internet . This makes many applications useless . The menu option to allow this is `` grayed out '' so it ca n't be selected . This is not just dependant on your data plan , the phone simply does not have this ability.The phone also has trouble downloading some games . `` File too large to save '' appears , even though the phone shows enough available memory . Maybe there is some arbitrary limit to file sizes.The included games are demo versions . To continue playing , you have to buy them . How cheap are they to give you a DEMO version of Tetris?They do n't even give us the basic Nokia classics like Memory or Snake . Pay to play only.Multi-Media Messaging -LRB- picture messages -RRB- : The phone has a folder for `` clip arts '' which on most phones would be a variety of small pictures to put in messages . This folder is empty . No goofy pictures to add to your MMS messages . For a phone with no camera , they ought to include SOMETHING to send as MMS . The only thing you can send as MMS are 4 included wallpapers.MMS can also send sounds . Of course you ca n't send copy-protected ringers you buy from T-Mobile , which is standard , but Nokia has copy-protected the few ringers which are included with the phone . The phone has NO included sounds that can be sent by MMS , and with no available data cable , or any other transfer method , options for making working MMS messages are kind of limited . You can still point the phone 's browser at 3rd-party websites for free ringers , but there are some problems with that too , to be described shortly.Web Browser : This may have been the most disappointing part of the phone for me , because Nokia phones used to always have pretty good web browsers , certainly better than Samsung.Unlike the browser on older models like the 3100 and 8390 , this one works slowly , probably due to a slow processor in the phone . Even going to simple text-based T-zones pages that would pop up instantly on older models , this phone at least briefly shows a `` Processing data '' waiting message before showing the page . THIS IS SEPERATE FROM THE DOWNLOAD and appears after the page is loaded . The phone is trying to figure out how to display the page it already loaded . On pages with any kind of fancy stuff , `` processing data '' will be staring back at you for a while . On some really big pages handled OK by an Ericsson , the browser will `` process '' data for a few minutes , then display `` memory full '' -LRB- even though it was already loaded , just not `` processed '' -RRB- . One time the browser even crashed and dumped me back to the standby screen.Unfortunately , this happened on a website I had previously used to download ring tones to other phones . So the phone with hardly any included ringers , and no data cable available from Nokia , has a crummy web browser for trying to download ringers over the web.It 's still usable , but annoying.But if the included web browser stinks , why not just download Opera Mini like you can with other Java phones , and use that to view the websites ? Because , if you recall , the phone wo n't allow Java applications to access the web!So if you plan on customizing your phone , also plan on either paying T-Mobile more money or having a headache trying to download free content like everyone else can with their phones.Overall Construction : It 's not Nokia 's best-made phone ever . Some parts fit together with larger gaps than you would expect , even for a cheap phone . The old Nokia 1100 , a cheap featureless model , looked better-assembled than this , even with it 's simple design.The battery cover does n't fit perfectly . When new , it feels like a used phone . It does n't snap on firmly , and it does n't fit tightly against the back of the phone.Buttons : The select key in the middle of the navigation pad is kind of stiff to push , while the other keys are all relatively easy . Depending on how it is pushed , it is either difficult to do without bumping the direction buttons of tiring on the thumb.Just recently , the 2 key started creaking sometimes . It did n't do this when it was new.Display View : The display looks brighter in dark areas than older color Nokia screens . The 3100 had pale-looking colors , but was visible even in bright light . This phone trades daylight visibility for a display that looks `` better , '' but actually has worse function.The only `` theme '' included is a T-Mobile customized theme with a dark blue background behind all screens . It 's really not easy to look at , especially with a display that does poorly in sunlight.Completely Stupid Stuff : There is an option to turn off the annoying startup sound , but there is no option to turn off the shut-down sound -LRB- the official T-Mobile jingle -RRB- . Unless you switch to silent mode first , you ca n't just turn your phone off to make it silent . You will look like an idiot who does n't know how to use their phone.There is a customizable shortcut menu , but the voicemail shortcut can not be removed . You can unselect it and you will think it is gone , but the next time you turn the phone off and on again it comes back . Not only is this incompetent programming , but it 's dumb to have a voicemail option for the shortcut list at all , because like every phone on the planet there is already a voicemail speed dial printed on the 1 key .
 My friend got the 6030 w / Tmobile Prepaid . I have had a Nokia 6010 w / Tmo Prepaid for over a year . His phone is very disappointing . Construction is flimsy
 This charger broke the first day at the metal part that plugs into phone.Not very sturdy and found to be hard to plug in without feeling like youwill break it . I do n't plan to buy any more .
 Although the description reads `` Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip/Loop for the Blackberry pearl '' this product is not appropriate for the Pearl . On the second day of use I slipped the Pearl into the holder while attached to my belt and it slid right through the opening in the bottom of the case . Far larger than is necessary for the Pearl and with space for the Pearl to easily slip from the case during insertion , it is apparent that this case was not designed for the Pearl as indicated .
 I had this combo for less than a month when the clip for the phone broke in half . Do not waste your time or money !
 I bought this to use with my Sony Ericsson T226 phone , which RCA claims is compatible with their docking station . When I tried it , I could hear the person I was calling , but they could n't hear me . Also , I could hear the echo of my own voice , which is not conducive to holding a conversation . So , I took it to the cell phone store with RCA 's list of compatible cell phones , and the salesperson and I tried it with a Motorola V551 . This provided a sound quality which was not wonderful , but acceptable for communication , so I purchased the Motorola . It sounds tinny or brassy , but at least we could hear each other . So now , I have this system at home , and I 'm finding that sometimes the RCA system will work , and sometimes , it will not . If my cell phone is docked , sometimes the cell phone will ring with an incoming call , and sometimes it wo n't . Sometimes the RCA handsets wo n't ring when a call comes in . Sometimes , if the cell phone is docked , and a call comes in , I 'll pick up the cell phone , but the other RCA handsets wo n't stop ringing , even though I 've picked up the call . They 'll ring in the other room for the entire conversation . My experience with this item is that it is not dependable .
 I bought this product over a year ago with the promise that RCA would be adding adaptor kits for newer cell phones , as my phone was not compatible . They have not added a single adaptor kit in the last 13 months that I have been monitoring their website . I resigned myself to buy a new cell phone so I could use this product , but guess what ? All the supported phones they list are old relics that you ca n't even get anymore -LRB- at least in my area by Unicel and Verizon -RRB- . I am out almost $ 200 for a product that is unusable .
 although the text states this is compatible with many other phones ... contact RCA for information ... it is only compatible with a limited number of phones , and I can not get anyh response from RCA although I 've e-mailed several times . I have been to merchants who offer this product and they do not have adapters for the Sanyo phones used by Sprint - who is a major player in the cell phone market .
 All the promises were false about continued support and new connectors to cell phones ! Within months my new cell was n't supported and the response from RCA was `` sorry , no plans to continue support '' . It 's now a piece of junk that if I could return , I would return.I rated one star since I can not choose zero stars.RCA misled and abandoned those that bought this product and it should be remmebered when you consider RCA as a vendor . Their policies are for profit and bereft of customer support or satisfaction!Give them what they deserve - bankruptcy!Chuck
 I purchased this phone cover and its an okay item but the picture was decieving . With the white phone in the pic it looks like the cover itself is a full on cover that protects the frontside of the phone ; however its Only a back cover .
 The case did n't hold . The two parts making the case were separated after just 3 weeks of use.Tried to glue it but to no avail . It 's a shame , seemed like a great product at first .
 The high reviews are from people who hav n't used this product for very long . The seam between the two types of plastic started peeling apart very early on , and are now almost halfway gone . Also , the cutout holes are off , very much so around the camera . While it 's still usable , it is unattractive and lets in dirt and dust very easily . I doubt mine will be in one piece for much longer . Would not buy from this company again .
 When I first received this product , I was content with the appearance and fit on my Galaxy . However , this item contains a major design flaw . When letting go after pressing the case-covered volume button , the case will not recover its original shape and will keep the volume button held down . This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute . The only fix is to physically bend the case back to its original shape.This is an absolute deal-breaker for me , and I have requested a refund from the seller .
 Case fits perfectly and looks decent but using the side buttons -LRB- power & vol up/dwn -RRB- is highly annoying . Takes multiple -LRB- or extra firm -RRB- pushes to get a response . Buy cheap , get cheap .
 The fit is great . But ... . the buttons suck . You really have to work at it to make the side buttons work . Not worth it . Thumbs down as far as I am concerned .
 This case got dirty pretty quickly and the clear whitish plastic did not disguise that dirt at all . I also could n't clean it off , so I guess it just discolored . The case itself fit the phone fine , but it looked so disgusting that it was embarrassing to use . I ordered the Cruzerlite case to replace this one and was very happy with that choice .
 The BAD : This has visible lines running lengthwise with small bits that apparently squeezed through the mold . The one I received also had colored grease -LRB- or something -RRB- on it and required cleaning prior to using . The plastic material it 's made from also picks up color from whatever it rubs on - After a few hours in your jean pocket , it will have some blue marks on it.The GOOD : It fits snug and holes line up appropriately.For the price I paid , I expected better quality control and materials . Unless they drop the price to less than $ 5 , you should probably move along , as there is no way they pay more than $ 2 to procure this from China .
 I really wanted to like this case , as it was one of the few I could find that would still show off my white HTC One X. Unfortunately the white on the case became extremely discolored within just a couple days . I wear dress pants to work and it appears that the discoloring is a result of keeping the phone in my pocket . The clear back was also slipperier that I thought it would be ... think plastic binder slippery .
 This is absolutely a great case for 2 or 3 days.The case comes in alright packaging , not thing fancy . In the package , nothing extra but a plastic bag with the case in it.The First two days , the case is great . I LOVE the design , the clear back do n't steal the look of the original backside of the phone , and the surrounding of the case give you a alright support for grabbing you phone , and it even levels the phone off the surface with you have the screen facing down , so it prevents scratches.But after the first two or three days , this is just waste , or for me , it is . The surrounding of the case just get fused with colors of your cloth , and becomes this ugly brown-ish pink color , which looks dirty . I tried cleaning it with soap and water , did n't work , I tried a eraser , did n't work . Now the case is just setting in my room . And I found out , you do n't actually need a case for this phone , a screen protector though , is needed.Overall , I think this is a waste of money . 16 dollar case for 2 days , if you have that kind of money to waste , then I prefer this product .
 This case is way too big for this phone . Furthermore the belt clip is flimsy so if you happen to catch the case on something it will snap off . Do n't buy this if you have a SGH-X820 , trust me !
 My cell phone rejected the refurbished battery for this model . You are taking chances to order this . Refunds or replacements can be difficult to claim under the seller 's guarantees .
 This is a nice-looking case , but I 'm giving it 2 stars because I found out that my external earpiece can not be fully plugged in with this case . Although the hole in the case matches the one in the phone , it is not big enough , and the leather prevents the earpiece cord from making full contact with the phone . Of course , if you are planning to use your phone with a Bluetooth earpiece , this should n't be an issue at all . But I wanted to use this case with a Plantronics earpiece -LRB- and a Treo 700w -RRB- .
 General design good but ... My phone fell out and broke because the bottom snap became unfastened . When I stepped down from my truck the two snaps in the back opened and my phone dumped out . I used a hair tie to loop over the antenna and this worked . After months of opening and closing the snaps wore out , and would n't stay closed . I used JB weld so they would n't open anymore . The bottom opening was never the right size to plug in for hot sync or charging . Easier if I removed phone from case . Finally , the multidapt clip stitched to the back of the phone broke . Same as other reviewer . One side of the slide track broke . Luckily , I found it on the floor at work . All this within one year .
 I bought this at the suggestion of a friend . I replaced the original Treo holster which constantly unlocked allowing the phone to drop . I thought that this had all the features that I wanted , and it did , except it also had two very unwanted features ; 1 -RRB- it took a relatively slim and lightweight PDA and turned it into a clunky heavy instrument and 2 -RRB- the snap on cover makes it difficult to answer , you need to unsnap first . This should have been a magnetic closure.I think some of the other Krusell products would be a better choice for me , one without the cover which doubles the amount of leather.I tossed this and ordered another holster by another manufacturer , one that hopefully will not lose the phone every time I stand or sit .
 I should have listened to the guy who did the other review and mentioned this . When the krussel is advertised , it states that it 's made perfectly to fit the detail of the phone . They make it seem as if for each port you will have no problems accessing them . But that is not the case . I agree with the other guy who said when using the headset jack it does n't fit properly . I have problems as well . What happens is it keeps coming out when you push the headset in . The case is too bulky in that area or something . I 've gotten to the point where I just take my phone out of the case to listen to the MP3 player , and I should n't have to do that . As it is designed for you to be able to access the headset jack when the phone is in the case . So before purchasing this just ask yourself , If you 're not able to use it the way it was intended , then do you really want or need to buy this case ? I learned the hard way . I did n't listen . Do n't let this happen to you .
 Case has been great , but the `` multidapt '' clip stinks ! Lately it has been popping off of the clip and my phone has been dropping . There have been a few times of panic as I could n't find my phone . One of these times it is going to pop off and I wo n't notice in time and wind up losing my phone . I 'm getting a new case !
 This cable will not fit your phone without modification . There are three plastic `` tabs '' on the bottom side of the plug . The VX8300 requires the middle one to be shaved down with an xacto knife . The remaining two outside tabs are somewhat wider than the phone will accept . After shaving the middle tab down , gently wiggle the connector side-to-side into your phone to shave the two outside tabs into the required profile . FYI
 LG phones have 3 + types of connectors , so this vehicle power charger can not fit all models listed above . I am writing this review to spare Amazon and fellow shoppers the pain of returning this item.WalMart sells 3 types of LG chargers for $ 9.74 online and in stores , and I love their helpful packages . They list the models supported and extend the connectors outside , so we may try to plug the connectors in our phones before we buy or open the packages .
 Save your money . I purchased this mainly for the phone case . Although they stated it would fit my Katana , I have to SHOVE it in , which put a huge scratch right across the camera lense . When I got a call , I could n't get the phone out of the darn case since it was so wedged in there and kept missing calls !! It also does n't look anything like the photo . The photo is a hot pink case which appears to be a decent quality . This pale pink peice of junk they sent was n't anything like the photo . If the case is any indication , I 'm not even going to try that car charger . It might blow up the phone !!
 This item has the potential to be great , but fails for the following reasons . The speakers hum noisily when the unit is plugged in . The unit also picked up a radio station even though no radio was built in . The unit uses loose USB wire and speaker wires to conect to the Motorola Q . This is unattractive and cumbersome when wanting to use the unit . The worst part was that when everything was connected and I played music the unit hummed so loudly that I could barely understand the music . The seller refunded my money but I was stuck with hefty shipping charges . If the bugs were worked out this may be a good buy . For now I suggest not buying this . Two stars because the idea is great .
 When I first received my Motorola T193 I was pleased with how lightweight it was . The first night I had the phone I charged it overnight like you are supposed to . Then I let the battery die and charged it overnight again . For the first month I had no problems with it . Then I started noticing that the battery would just die at random times . One minute it would tell me I had full battery life and then I 'd go to make a phone call and it would die on me . When I 'd turn it back on it would tell me I only had 1 bar of battery life or no bars at all . I am very disappointed with this battery and it has affected my opinion of the phone as well .
 This phone is horrible . It takes 4 hrs . for a fill charge , and it goes dead in an hour and a half . I ca n't wait till my contract is up , so I can get a new model phone . Thanks alot , Motorola .
 I recently purchased the T193 phone . The battery worked well for about 6 months . Within the last month the battery has been not holding its charge at all . I would plug the phone in at night before I went to bed and when I woke up it would say it had a full battery . I would then make a 30 minute phone call and the battery would say it had only one line left ? I just had to order another battery because the battery wont even power up the phone anymore . I am very upset that motorola would put out a battery that did this . I am on the other hand very pleased with the T193
 This battery came with my original phone and it was never able to hold a descent charge . It would n't even hold for 24 hours !
 I got this phone/battery free from T-Mobile . As with most of the other reviews , its the worst . I 'm now at the point where the battery wo n't charge , let alone stay charged ! They are sending me my 2nd new battery . The 1st one they sent me would n't work at all.As someone else mentioned , I ca n't wait until my contract is up so I can get a new phone ... and for some reason Motorola is n't even making this phone anymore ! Maybe that 's why T-Mobile was giving it away as a freebie !
 I am in agreement that this battery is terrible ! I thought that I had done something wrong in my charging of the battery , but after reading all of these terrible reviews I realize that these are defective batteries . I like the phone , but the battery has made using the phone an unenjoyable experience . I say all the customers who purchased these batteries were shafted by Motorola because they are no longer making this line because they knew they were -LSB- junky -RSB- .
 I got the T 193 because it was the free phone . My brother hasnt had any trouble with his battery . Mine has been a problem since I have owned it . Now they have discontinued this phone at T Mobile and so I am stuck buying these horrible batteries until I can get a new phone .
 You get what you pay for . This case is of the poorest quality . The color is an ugly pink which looks like pepto bismol and it was actually stained inside . I would send it back but that would n't make much sense . I threw it in the garbage . I will only buy products from Blackberry for my Blackberry device .
 It Would work OK , IF -LRB- big if -RRB- you have someplace to glue all the pads to hold the phone & speaker is place , and IF you did n't mind all sorts of wires snaking all over the place & blocking your vision . For now I `` ll stick with the earphone/onwire mic that came with the phone
 This product is of very poor build quality . The black cap over the ear piece came off during my second use of this headset . The voice clarity is very much muffled and I need to strain for hearing as what is being said.Also it does not sit in ear firmly.I had `` Motorola 2.5 mm Mono Hands-Free Headset - Black '' earlier and that lasted for 6 months before it went off . But I recommend that when compared to this.Stay away from trouble !!! . Motorola can stop this manufacturing this headset and can save their name .
 This item is to big for my ear and is very uncomfortable at best . I will toss it since its not worth the hassle . Yes I 'm a grown man 6 ' so I do n't think this is unique to me .
 other than being a rip-off this headset will not stay at my ear at any price !!! i hate it !
 Static when you get connect and have hard time other side to hear from you . Use just for emergency . Not recomment this product !
 This unit came with my two new v600 phones . I have the same issues with both units . Both the incoming and outgoing sound quality is extremely poor . Low volume , poor tone quality , -LRB- to the point that it is difficult to tell who is talking to you -RRB- . People I call tell me to get off the headset on every call . Very disappointing quality for such an expensive and high-end phone .
 I got this because this seemed to be the only headset for my V60 that had a working on/off switch . Unfortunately , the earbud will not stay in my ear . It keeps falling out , which can be rather disconcerting in the middle of the conversation while driving . I 'm going to go and look for something else that stays put .
 Positives purchasing this item
 Positives purchasing this item
 I thought I was saving some money purchasing this particular hands free set up . I was wrong . The ear bud does n't stay in your ear , the clip is n't adjustable . I spent more time trying to hear who I was talking to & have them hear me than when I just use the phone . I recommend you go to your local cell phone store & purchase the Jabra which comes with 3 ear bud sizes for both left & right ears which are shaped to fit in your ear without falling out & the speaker is on the ear bud . It 's worth the extra money !!
 The is the headset that came with my V600 . I dislike it.My old Nokia headset was much better . The microphone isof very poor quality and does n't pick up my voice very well atall . This is especially noticable in the car .
 It looks great and the price is good but if you can not hear the call then what is the point ?
 I am VERY disappointed with this product . I bought theFM adapter to use while working out at the gym . The ear pieces are so uncomfortable and wo n't stay in my ears . The sound is fabulous when you get reception . Forget about using it in the car unless you like static . It is a great concept , but one that should have been researched better berfore being released .
 I have to say that I was excited when I saw this unit for the v60 . Now I wish I spent the -LSB- money -RSB- to get a personal Walkman . It gets tangled instantly and it is too heavy if you are going to jog with it . The volume can barely be heard if anything else is going on . I use it in the gym for cardio work . It is ok on a stair stepper but awful for treadmill where you are bouncing and moving around.The idea is good and it is easy to use . It was just too expensive for how little it helped .
 I bought this headset even after reading some negative reviews because I really liked the concept and wanted to judge for myself . Unfortunately , the folks at Motorola need to spend a bit more time working out the ergonomics kinks in this system . I used the headset with a T720.Right off the bat , I decided the shorter earpiece cord was way too short . Also , I do n't know whose ears this was designed for -LRB- certainly not a woman 's -RRB- , as the only way I could keep the darn things in my ears was to sit very still.The radio performance was acceptable , but quite poor indoors . When used for making or receiving calls it worked well , except that the earpieces kept falling out . I found myself holding the earpiece in during a call -- which pretty much defeats the purpose of buying a hands-free device.That said , if you have ears that allow you to get the earpieces to stay put and live in an area with high-powered radio stations , you 'll probably enjoy this accessory.If I could somehow change out the earpieces I 'd probably keep it , but since I ca n't it 's going back to the store .
 This FM accessory was the reason why I purchased a Motorola phone . I 'm very disappointed with it . Reception is Horrible.The clip is awkward to attach to any part of your clothing . The uneven wires for your left and right ear is a joke . The heavy gauge wire that runs into the mike , then one short wire for one ear and a too LONG of a wire for your other ear.You turn your head and the short wire pulls the speaker out of your ear.My other gripe , CHEAP SPEAKERS . The speaker with the long wire slowly started to fade and sounded scratchy . The one with the short wire slowly lost it 's quality within a 4 hour period . The next day it wo n't work at all , the speaker is now blown . And the other speaker you can barley hear out of . And I NEVER had the volume turned all the way up . This item only lasted a month .
 Although it 's listed under the accessories section for the V66 , it is NOT for the V66 . Well , I guess it will work with just the phone , but not the extra battery . No sense in having this if it does n't charge the second battery . I checked it out on the Motorola site , and in fact , it is the wrong one . This charger is the Motorola SPN5029 , which does n't work with the V66 and 2nd battery . The correct number is the SPN4970 .
 It 's very frustrating when you invest money in technology and it does n't work . I owned the Startac for 3 years and the battery never held a charge for any amount of time . We bought 3 replacements batteries and a charging stand . With all three fully charged it was only enough power for about 5 phone calls.I am really happy with my Nokia . It 's totally sweet , much better software , better hardware and best of all ... I charge it every other day and it always works.Don ' t waste you money on this product .
 Actually 0 stars but there was no 0 for the rating.Place your order somewhere else . I have had nothing but updates for back order for this product . Now I will have to buy them somewhere else and spend about 20.00 more .
 This product stopped working after 4 months . It connects just fine but wo n't charge the phone .
 As cheaply made as a Chinese toy , I blew through three of these in a period of 6 months . The wires pull away from both the charging port contact and cigarette lighter port contact with such ease the manufacturers should be ashamed of themselves.In fact , Amazon really should pull this one from the site , and I 've suggested they look into the product . But I guess if you 're reading this , it 's escaped untouched .3 times burned ... but never again , Mk
 I bought this cover and used it for about a month . After a month , I dug out the OEM clip that came with the phone . The thing I HATED was how far the phone sticks out with this huge clip . I then bought a slick SB Wireless leather cover at the mall that is great . The clip is very streamlined , and it makes the phone look great . The Body Glove looks OK , but the SB Wireless cover is very distinctive .
 This case is horrible . My biggest problem is that every time you open the phone , the mic moves behind the plastic window . The plastic that covers the screen is pointless . If you get gunk on it just take the two seconds and wipe it on your pant leg . Tada ! It 's clean . The plastic also makes it harder to use the keys . I have small hands so the V60 is perfect for me . However , this case makes it a hassle for the smallest hands so I can only imagine the trouble someone with average hands would have . STAY WAY . Use the plastic holster , it 's easy and simple .
 When I got this item , I was so sure it would protect my phone . Two days after I got it , the phone caught on my steering wheel and was pulled sideways , and the clip broke . I replaced it , but the new clip never quite fit right and it was always falling out . The top half of the case does not fit when the phone is open and it falls off every time you answer , AND the top half only fits over about an inch of the top of the phone . I wanted a cover to protect the phone from the oils in your skin when you talk . Only the bottom half is protected from this . Lastly , after six months of use , the `` knob '' that goes into the clip had stretched out the leather so much that the phone fell forward instead of hanging straight and I knew it would completely rip any day . I found a Neoprene elasticized `` pouch '' that my phone now calls home . No protection while in use , granted , but nice and snugly held when not in use .
 This case stinks ! the `` leather '' cover is n't the worst ever sewn , but the Belt Clip is Horrible . The clip when attached to the cover makes the whole package twice as big . When you clip on , it 's impossible to take off waistbelt , it has additional `` hook '' at the end of the plastic , and this is where they come up with no chance of losing the phone , they are right , you ca n't get the phone off your garmet !
 The leather case is not well made for a Expensive phone like V60G . I am returning it back to Amazon . The case is as hard as if it is made of cardboard . Mine was bend at one point when i got it . Also the mouthsize side of the phone doesnot go in fully and I tried to sqeeze in the lower side of phone to the point i was afraid it will break the phone . And also the mouth peice of the phone gets covered by the plastic as it doesnot fit in and affects the quality of speech . I am returning it asap to amazon .
 Purchased the V60t and ordered the case because Amazon.com did not have anything else -LRB- i.e.Body Glove -RRB- . Motorola put very little thought into this case for such a great phone . Offers some protection but not for the front Caller I.D. screen area . The belt clip drops the rating on this case . Nothing beats the swivel clip for easy removal and the design ruins the look of the phone . Did find a cellular dealer here in Nassau that had both Body Glove and sb wireless ... cases that are much better and more attractive . If you can not find any other case to protect your phone this will do but be prepared for a fight with the belt clip when you get a call .
 The v60 is a great phone . I wish someone could come up with a better idea for something to carry it in . This is my third try at different cases . The original that came with the phone offers no protection and is hard to get the phone on and off . This case you have to take the whole case off your belt to answer the phone , which is difficult with the u clip on the bottom of the spring loaded belt clip . Come on guys !!!!!! Someone has to have a better idea for a case for this great phone . Whats wrong with the old star tac type style ????? My advise is not to waste your money on this case .
 I 've had this case since the day I bought the phone six months ago . It worked great when it was new . It does make the phone a little bulky , and I actually like the belt clip with the spring loaded button . It protects the phone very , very well . Nary a scratch in six months.The biggest problem I 've had is getting the piece that fits over the top half of the phone to stay on . It seems that the leather/plastic combination has streched out over time to the point where it will not stay on the top part . I had to stop using it . I could turn it in to AT&T and get a new one , but I 'm just going to have the same problem in a month or two . Right now I 'm using the original plastic holster , which seems to work fairly well but provides zero protection.The aftermarket needs to jump on this problem !! Where is Body Glove when you need them ?
 Purchased the V60t and ordered the case because Amazon.com did not have anything else -LRB- i.e.Body Glove -RRB- . Motorola put very little thought into this case for such a great phone . Offers some protection but not for the front Caller I.D. screen area . The belt clip drops the rating on this case . Nothing beats the swivel clip for easy removal and the design ruins the look of the phone . Did find a cellular dealer here ... that had both Body Glove and sb wireless ... cases that are much better and more attractive . If you can not find any other case to protect your phone this will do but be prepared for a fight with the belt clip when you get a call .
 While I like the fact that this case allows me to see the external display on my V60 , the rest of the desig is almost as bad as the clip that originally came with the phone.The clip on the case is the same as the standard motorola pager clip , therefore making it difficult to get it on and off of your belt to answer a call or see who is calling . The clip is also so thick that the case itself is thicker than the original phone even without the phone in the case ! It also will not fit in the desktop charger with the case on the phone and due to the design on the case you have to completely remove it to make it fit.I have actually reverted to using the horrible original clip as I did n't like this big bulky thing on my hip . Here 's hoping BodyGlove comes out with a V60 case soon ...
 The v60 is a great phone . I wish someone could come up with a better idea for something to carry it in . This is my third try at different cases . The original that came with the phone offers no protection and is hard to get the phone on and off . This case you have to take the whole case off your belt to answer the phone , which is difficult with the u clip on the bottom of the spring loaded belt clip . Come on guys !!!!!! Someone has to have a better idea for a case for this great phone . My advise is not to waste your money on this case .
 This case stinks ! the `` leather '' cover is n't the worst ever sewn , but the Belt Clip is Horrible . The clip when attached to the cover makes the whole package twice as big . When you clip on , it 's impossible to take off waistbelt , it has additional `` hook '' at the end of the plastic , and this is where they come up with no chance of losing the phone , they are right , you ca n't get the phone off your garmet !
 ... -LSB- This -RSB- product ... does not fit the phone correctly , and the clip is poorly built ; mine hit the floor 4 times in a two week period , causing damage to the body and antennae . I am returning the product ; -LSB- this is -RSB- a very poor OEM accessory .
 This is a very poorly designed case . The phone it is `` specifically designed for '' does not even fit into it . I regret buying it , and I should have listened to the many reviews by people who got suckered into buying this case before me . The `` leather '' is probably the absolute lowest grade availabe ... but what do you expect . Bottom line
 Do Not buy this case . It has poor fit and finish !! Once installed it will not let the phone close properly and the worst thing is it is not leather . I have never seen leather like this . I bought it for the looks but the fit and finish stinks !!
 Poor , poor design . The only protection this case offers is protection from scratches . If you drop the phone this case wo n't help much . Also , you can not use a handfree set when the phone is open and you you can barely use one when its closed . Somebody needs to make a better case for this phone . You are better off buying a non-oem case . The is case is not even worth the low amazon.com price .
 I ordered this with my phone but never used it . The fit is too tight at new . In addition , it makes a really cute looking phone -LRB- Motorola V60 -RRB- look ugly . I was fooled by the safety hype !
 I 'm not really sure how well the batteries work . I read the description & knew I wanted longer-lasting batteries for our phones . But these batteries require a battery cover that is deeper than the one that comes with the phone ! So , the batteries do n't fit unless you purchase the deeper cover elsewhere . Unless I missed it , this informtion was not provided in the description or technical details.I went to a Verizon store & they sell the batteries complete with the required cover . Also , the cover can be ordered from Motorola .
 Looking for a replacement battery for my p280 of 2 plus years . Excellent phone ... The spec dimensions for this battery -LRB- as listed here on amazon -RRB- Size -LRB- in inches -RRB-
 This holster comes with the phone , I find it hard to believe that the same people that designed this wonderfull phone came up with this ... The phone fits into the holster with a bunch of fiddling , you have to get the little grooves in the bottom of the phone lined up with the raised bits in the bottom of the holster . Takes me a couple of tries and works better if I can see what I 'm doing.Once the top is snapped in , the holster holds onto the phone with a death grip . It feels like something will break trying to release it.To add insult to injury , the holster then holds the phone about an inch of my person . Why bother buying a tiny , thin phone just to have it stick out so far ??? There 's got to be a better way .
 THE HOLSTER THAT COMES WITH THE V60 PHONE HAS GOT TO BE THE WORST AND POOREST DESIGN I HAVE EVER SEEN . IT HANGS OUT SO FAR FROM YOUR BELT THAT IT GETS CAUGHT ON EVERTHING FROM DOOR FRAMES AT THE OFFICE AND AT HOME , TO BOOTHS AT RESTAURANTS WHEN YOU GET UP , AND THE SEAT BELT IN YOUR CAR . . NOW WHEN IT RINGS IT TAKES TWO HANDS TO GET IT OUT OF THE HOLSTER AND IF YOUR DRIVING !!!! WELL DO I NEED TO SAY ANYMORE ... `` O '' THEN TRY PUTTING IT BACK IN , YOU HAVE TO HIT THESE LITTLE NUBS IN THE SLOTS , AND IF YOU DO N'T GET IT JUST RIGHT IT WILL TRY TO TAKE THE BACK COVER OFF . I COULD GO ON BUT I THINK YOU GET THE POINT . COME ON MOTOROLA YOU CAN DO BETTER THEN THIS . THINK HOW GOOD THE STARTAC HOLSTER WAS . .
 Unlike belt clips for prior models that would constantly send the phone falling into things , this one does hold it securely . Almost too securely in fact . It also puts the phone at what I feel to be an ackward angle from the body . Getting better but not quite there yet .
 Basic and adequate to carry your V60 around . Cumbersome to remove phone from clip and does not offer any external protection . Save your money and opt for the Body Glove neoprene case with belt clip !!
 I really appreciate the reviews others took the time to write.I absolutely love the Motorola V60 , -LRB- even though I agree that the Menu System and documentation are not nearly as easy or intuitive as with a Nokia . -RRB- The Belt Clip Holster is cumbersome . It required my engineering hat , -LRB- something I have had to learn how to wear ... not a natural talent , -RRB- to figure out . Even so I feared it would release the phone , so I was glad to read of others confidence based on their StarTac experience.I can appreciate that it is difficult to ergonomically design a carrying device for a flip phone . The current clip holder works , it is just too bulky and requires a lot of practice to smoothly release the phone from the clips . Still , I have to believe that some sort of holster or pouch is possible that is far more attractive and practical than what is currently offered.I hope the design team at Motorola is working on it .
 The -LSB- person -RSB- who designed the Motorola V60 's plastic holster should be fired . I fight with it to get the phone out - I fight with it to get the phone in . Bring back the StarTac !!
 I find that the phone 's angle away from the body when clipped onto a belt , is extreme . Under a sweater , it looks as though you have some sort of growth on your side . Also , it 's difficult to remove the phone easily from the holster on a consistent basis . I remember my StarTac holster as being simple , verticle to the body , yet holding my phone securely . I 'm very disappointed in this product and hope that Motorola will decide to offer another style for the V60i .
 It 's difficult to remove the phone from the holster , and it looks like I 'm `` packin ' heat '' when worn under my business suit jacket.Slimmer profile and easier release mechanism would be appreciated in future products.Love my V60 , though !
 Just got a new V60t phone with this holster . Like Moto 's marketing message said , this holster will hold the phone sturdy and not falling fall easily . Works great with earpiece connected . But if you want to answer the phone by taking it off from the holster , FORGET IT !!! You 'll have to drag your pants off before you can remove the phone .
 I recently bought the V60c and it comes with this holster . The reality is that it is very difficult to remove the phone from the holster and to put it back into the holster . It is a shame because the phone is nice and it would be nice to have a way to easily take the phone out . The startac series had a nicer `` holster .
 I just got the v60i and really love the phone . The belt clip is another story . To get the phone in takes some doing , at least to get it in right ! The two notches that you have to line up with are a real pain and ca n't be done quickly or with any way to know if `` it 's in '' unless you look . And the `` death grip '' it has on the phone is amazing!The whole process of getting the phone out of the holster is horrible . When you finally do get the clip to let go it almost always `` snags '' on the battery compartment button . I 'm afraid it 's going to rip it off !! It does make you wonder how they test these things!I just purchased an extended battery with the bigger door . After reading around I 'm very worried that it wo n't hold the phone with the extended battery . But luckily , I 've found the answer to that it 's part # OEM Carry Pouch with Clip - SYN8848 .
 I really enjoyed this holster for the reassons that it did the job and came with the phone -LRB- read free -RRB- . However its usless now . You see after five months of general use it broke . In hindsight I can see why it `` fell apart '' and predict that others will/have experence -LRB- d -RRB- the same . Untill then enjoy !
 Unfortunately this is the ONLY headset that will work with this phone . Samsung support told me this was a deliberate design choice on their part and that they put a `` special ring '' around the headset socket to ensure other headsets would not work well -LRB- I 've tried other headsets and the volume comes through so low as to be unusable -RRB- . What this means is that if this set does n't fit your ear very well -LRB- mine falls out all the time unless I duct tape it on -RRB- you will have to hold it in by hand which is very annoying when driving or your hands are n't free -LRB- e.g. , in airports while pulling luggage -RRB- . I would not buy another phone that did not take alternate headsets -LRB- and there are many good ones out there -RRB- .
 When plugged in ... the person on the other end can her you talking . My end you can hear that the other is speaking but it 's so low that it 's inaudible .
 I recieved e-mails confirming the order and shipping of the order . After three weeks the goods had n't arrived . I cancelled the order .
 I was expecting a single combo kit . What arrived was a mishmash of stuff . All very `` cheap '' .
 The microphone does not transmit understandable sound to callers , but Speaker provides excellent sound . Family members can not recognize my voice and say words are not clear . Even when I place microphone close to mouth , results do not improve . I am aware that the microphone is not the speaker , but is located near the phone plug end.After I disconnect the unit from the phone , -LRB- without disconnecting the call -RRB- my messages are easily understood using the phone microphone itself.In my Toyota Avalon , there is actually no room for mounting , so it just flopped on the console . Too bad that with today 's technology Motorola could n't miniaturize and condense the size of this unit and eliminate the heavy coiled cord , and have everything fit in the cigarette lighter socket . The cords were a nuisence , interferrng with transmission shifts . The Motorola unit might work on a Hum V or a Mack truck , I suppose.I tried to live with it , and searched for a remote microphone with the proper 3/32 male plug . I finally went to Radio Shack and found they could order one out for about $ 15.00 , and it would take a few days . I finally opted to purchase a Radio Shack # 1700917HFA for a Motorola V120 for $ 29.99 . It features a remote mike and self contained unit that fits in the cigarette lighter with only one cord to the phone . I located the microphone above the driver 's door , and the cord concealed under the rubber door seal , then under the dashboard , and it ends near the ash tray door . It plugs into the unit and works well . Sound quality is not as clear as the Motorola unit on my end , but those I phone hear clearly.If you purchased a Motorola Hands Free Unit , and the bulk is not a problem , and if you can find a microphone with a tight fitting male plug that will fit in the unit , you will probably be satisfied . Take the unit to the place where you go shopping for the microphone to be sure the plug fits tightly into the phone jack . The Motorola unit ? It is sitting on my workbench as a reminder of my gullibility .
 It is nice that it recharges the phone , while you talk . However , most people can not understand what I say . The sound coming from the speakerphone is reasonable.The adhesive is not great quality , and has come out several times . I wish I could return this `` White elephant ''
 When I looked up handsfree sets with the v60 , this product came up which does two important functions 1 -RRB- recharges the phone while in the car and 2 -RRB- acts as a decent handsfree . I lease my car so I was not eager to do any major surgery on the car to get a good handsfree set . The installation is very simple -LRB- which is good because the instructions are ridiculously sparse -RRB- . An adhesive pad allows you to place the speakerin a convenient area on the car . I use the center console of my car which has some free area . The key is that the handsfree should be close enough to user but not entangle the stick shift or vital car buttons.The bottom line ? The sound quality is variable - it ranges from decent when the speaker/mic is placed in the center console area to poor . -LRB- Logically the sound quality would degrade the farther the speaker/mic is from the user -RRB- This solution is better than the simpler headband/earbud solutions and much cheaper than installed handsfree sets . The sound quality is decent at times and poor other times . I think the variability depends on the position of the unit.Since writing this review , I have had some difficulty projecting my voice clearly probably because of poor positioning . This seems more temperamental than I initially thought . I plan to try an external microphone connection as other reviewers had suggested.Another problem is that the mounting tape does not weather summer heat very well . I have had to replace the tape backing that holds the speaker unit with double backed tape.I am hoping the newer retractable Motorola Handsfree -LRB- apparently not sold on amazon yet -RRB- will be a better solution .
 Convenient and a good speaker , but the built in mic is poor and without rigging up some special way of positioning the phone so the mic is near you , there is difficulty being heard . An external mic works well , but defeats the purpose of the product .
 bought as a gift and within one month the actual piece that connects to the phone to charge it , completely broke off ! I shoul 've have known for that cheap it would n't last
 This case looks just like the hard plastic case a colleague bought , the one that clips to your belt , locks the phone in tight , and protects it from a fall , and I thought I was getting a great price on-line . Could n't have been farther from the truth . The case does not actually close , and would break in an instant if dropped from higher than 6 inches . Totally useless piece of junk .
 The case fits perfectly . I was happy when I received it and used it for a week before the clip broke . If you use it gently , it 'll last a reasonable amount of time ... mine did not .
 the first one i received would not charge my phone . i wrote the seller and she sent me a new one right away . Unfortunately , the second one does not charge without my hand having to hold the charger to the phone . These chargers look like Motorola chargers but they are not . For the first time , i got what i paid for . I 'm just going to suck it up , go to the mall and spend 29.99 for a real Motorola car battery charger . Like i stated before , it 's the product and not the seller .
 i was looking for a car charger for a belkin fm transmitter and was sent the wrong item which is for a cellular phone .
 `` the battery has the original seal & packaging.but it stays for less time than my old battery that i was replacing in the first place.i 'm really thinking of putting my old battery back ''
 Advertise shows this product in a seal retail package . However , the deliveried item was not . It was in a small folding plastic bag .
 Within a month , the outer paint started shelling off leaving an ugly two tone look of black and brass like color . This was with minimal use and no abuse or exposure to say chemicals etc. it seems to be a defect . Do n't waste your money !
 Battery did n't seem to hold a charge for very long . Decided to buy my mom a new phone which I did not want to do . Her memory is going and I was n't sure she could learn how to use a different cell phone .
 I received my battery in a timely manner so no issue with the delivery . However , it was n't new and did n't work ... simple as that . Low price means I just ca n't be bothered to send back .
 Poorly designed belt clip puts gouges in your body or tears in your shirt . Other than that it 's a great product ...
 If you are a text-message fan , do not buy it ... it is really slow , the menu , the text editor ... eveything , I sold it to someone else ... I did not like it ...
 I purchased this phone because it was a motorola . Big mistake ... worst reception I have every had with a cell phone ! Do n't buy it .
 I like the look of , but reception is bad most of the time ... . My old cheap Nokia has a way better reception wherever I am ... But the battery life is the best I ever had . I guess is good where you have a strong signal , otherwise is a problem .
 This phone is probably the worst I have ever owned . I can not wait to get a new one , because this one is so bad . First of all . There is no screen on the front which is just annoying because you ca n't see who is calling you or what time it is until you flip the thing open . I get horrible reception everywhere I go , and zero reception in a lot of places . The phone I had before was fine in those same areas . There is no predictive text for text messaging which makes sending a short message a tedious chore . The back cover falls off everyday . Over all it looks nice , but when you get down to it , its just not practical considering all the other phones out there . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 Worst ! Worst ! Worst ! I would n't buy this phone for a toddler if I had to ... I 'm serious ! It 's reeeeeaaaally slow , sluggish , less than a half MB of available memory , the volume goes and comes , has to charge every day , if it goes off for whatever reason , then it 's hells to get it back on at times , I 'll type a text message then have to wait and watch the letters come up one by one seconds after like an old typewriter ... and I can go on but I wont . I am not trying to pull down the phone , but I really ca n't find any whistles to lend it . It 's really horrible . Buy at your own risk , but if you should ever ask my opinion , I 'll tell you plainly - NO ! Oh , there is one pro -LRB- lol -RRB- -- > the design is not bad , cute . Lol .
 This phone is not worth the money . Lousy reception . Alot of places I cant get a signal where my last phone could.This came with an adaptor since its not a regular plug . Text messages take SO long . Just not a good deal at all .
 Poorly made , the seller never mentioned that the key pad was written in Indian or Farsi ...
 Product in perfect condition , but not a quad band as described when i bougth it , I need the phone to use it in another country and didnt work , very unsatisfied and ca n't returned because i 'm not at the US .
 From day one the phone would not hold a charge well . Only got worse over time and would die if not plugged in for more than 5 mins . batteries is well beyond its expected life . Screen very buggy always going blank or white . Only paid 15 $ for it ... . but not even worth that much .
 keeps resetting itself , turns off , deletes all of my numbers and pics . wo n't access the att internet . can only call people and no texting . NO BLUETOOTHthe pros
 This company offers overpriced screens and is unresponsive and unfriendly to customers who have a problem . If you want a less expensive screen protector of simiilar quality , try Clarivue .
 I just received those and I am returning them back to amazon . They do not fit the monitor for a Sidekick 2 - looks lik ethey are for the older models . The protectors are too tall and too narrow for the screen .
 This screen protector is designed for the Sidekick 1 not the Sidekick 2 . Also not as easy to apply without these micro bubbles as they would have you think . Screen looks bad with this on . I followed the directions properly . I 'll find some other brand .
 These screen protectors are not good AT ALL . The texture of the plastic makes the screen difficult to see . Why is the plastic textured ? No idea . But it 's awful .
 I guess they fit my Sidekick II screen okay . The problem is that they 're freaking bubbly . I was imagining a barely noticeable layer on the screen , but these things are all thick . I tried smoothing it , but it still looks crazy - like cheap bubble-tinted car windows .
 These screen protectors are so textured you can hardly see the Sidekick screen . Do n't waste your money on these .
 These are not good . I purchased them for my Sidekick II , which the description says they are for , but they did not fit on the screen properly . They apparently were made specifically for the Color Sidekick I . These protectors do not fit and should not be marketed to Sidekick II users . I sent mine back .
 I bought these for my new SK3 . . the fit perfectly . . but you can not see the screen , there are soooo many bubbles . . if anyone out there knows of a good brand to buy . . please let me know ! ~ Jessica
 Unfortunately , the quality of these screen protectors is poor due to low/blurred visability of the SideKick screen after application . Returned & credit was received promptly .
 I initially liked this phone with the touch screen , it is pretty stylistic . However , there seems to be a software bug in it , as it kept hanging once in a while . Normally , it happens when I press a wrong menu option and try to go back too quickly but it seems to happen even without a cause at times and sometimes I do not realize it has hanged , while just lying in its cover and later my friends complain that they 've been trying to call me without getting any response from me.I would not recommend this phone and would hope that Sony Ericsson , improve their Quality control a bit more and do comprehensive testing before launching such expensive products .
 I tried this and found it is not ready for prime time .1 . It seems everything causes static -LRB- e.g. 2.4 ghz telephones , networks , microwave ovens .2 . The earpiece did not stay in my ear . It would fall out within seconds of placing it in my ear . Terrible design .3 . If you do not have a bluetooth phone and need to use the base , it is totally unwieldy . The base is almost the same size as my phone!I returned it the day after I got it . Too expensive for what it is .
 I got my BT200 for non-Bluetooth phones 15 months ago . It worked well and I liked it a lot despite annoying background clicking and short battery life . Now , after just over a year , its battery often wo n't last a day of standby let alone conversations . Jabra support says they have no spare parts or service and offered me a 20 % discount on a new one . In other words , beware that this is a disposable product ! I also have a BT-110 , which uses a AAA cell that has much longer life and can be removed for recharge and/or replacement .
 This headset was great , so was the second one I bought . But both lasted only around 6 months and then would no longer hold a charge . I just tried another Jabra product with a cord , and sure enough , did n't work after about 6 months . I 'm one of those people who open a package and then throw the package out as well as the receipt -LRB- I believe Jabra has a 1 year warranty -RRB- . Learn from my stupidity - save your receipt .
 It was only hinted at inside the manual , but never definitvely stated , so I called JABRA and asked . Yep , I was right : THE BATTERIES INSIDE BOTH OF THESE UNITS ARE NON-REPLACEABLE . JABRA does n't even have the cajones to admit this directly in their manual . They must figure if Apple can get away with this BS on the iPod , they can , too.What does this mean to you ? Somewhere between 300 - 600 recharges , YOU WILL HAVE TO THROW THE ENTIRE UNIT AWAY !!! At least with the iPod , you can pay Apple some ridiculous amount of money to replace the battery.But wait , the idiocy does n't stop there
 CLARITYMajor problems here . While the phone is lying flat , in the open , and away from any major electrical devices -LRB- like , for instance , a computer monitor -RRB- it works very well . The calls are crisp with zero distortion , even at about 15 ' to 20 ' away . However , if you put the phone in a pocket or a briefcase , you end up with a LOT of static noise . I frequently find myself actually holding the phone in my hand while I am using the headset , which for me , kind of defeats the purpose of a hands-free device in the first place.Another annoyance is wind noise . If there is even the slightest breeze , the microphone , lacking a wind sock , becomes completely unusable.CONSTRUCTIONThe part that slings over the top of your ear is a composed of a rubbery , flexible plastic that makes it both very comfortable to wear , and assures a secure fit over the ear . Unfortunately , this is covered by a hard , silver plastic that is not quite as giving . After the first two weeks of normal use , the silver shell developed a hairline fracture that seems to be widening each time I use it . Worse yet , the crack runs along the ultra-bright LED light on the back of the device and ends where the `` action '' button is located . I expect the entire thing to fall apart any time now.INDICATOR LIGHTThere is a bright blue light on the back of the device . This light is there to , according to the manufacturer , blink rapidly to alert others that you are on a phone call . The problem is that it also blinks , just more slowly , at all other times . And while it is charging . The light is so bright that I actually place a few sheets of paper over it so it does n't keep me up at night.All in all , you get what you pay for with the Jabra Freespeak BT200 , and at this price , you should n't expect much .
 Well-built but it has terrible voice quality with severe echo . I have to put the base next to the headset to get decent sounds . I 'll try it for a couple more days before shipping it back .
 The one I bought has very horrible mic reception , a lots of friend insist me to change another headset.The connection from headset to adapter is too slow , takes average 4 second to make connection and answer the phone , i do miss some calls.The adapter sometime will lose power without any warning , need reconnect the power adapter to active it again.the headset fits my ear very well and the sound quality is good too .
 Forget it . Do n't buy this . Someday , this technology might work , but this one is much too premature . Too bad because I really wanted it to work .
 We would like to write a review of the product but much to our dismay the item is n't available as billed on the Amazon.com site.If you go to the site it shows the item in stock and a note that most items ship within 24 hours but after ordering we got a note that says the estimated delivery time may be as much as a week to 10 days away !!! So why did we pay for 2 day delivery again?It gets better ... Just checked again and now the price is $ 149.00 a $ 10.00 increase from yesterday and shipping is now $ 15.00 . What gives here ?
 NOTICE ; WILL NOT WORK WITH THE NEW KYOCERA SMART PHONE BUILT BY QUALCOM . MUST PURCHASE THE MUCH HIGHER PRICED UNIT MADE FOR `` NON BLUETOOTH '' PHONES .
 I 've had this product just over a year and had decent success using it w / my Sony Erickson T610 . I did n't use it much , however , and now it 's practically useless , cause the battery runs out after 20-30 minutes of use -LRB- and starts beeping before that -RRB- . Since I did n't use it much , I 'm guessing I recharged the battery 20-30 times at most . Since you ca n't replace the battery , that means it 's time to buy another , but it wont be a Jabra !
 Thing only good thing I have to say is ; it was comfortable . Hard to hear when driving , did n't work at all with the driver window or any window down , moving or not . Battery life is minutes not hours . Takes too long to recharge , if it even completes the recharge cycle . It takes to many operations to answer a non-bluetooth phone . And whoever designed it , never really used it , looks great but does n't function well . Finally , customer support , there really is n't any .
 I like the sexy design from Jabra and the nice fitting earpiece . I 've had mine for several months now , and , unfortunately , my experience has been bad . Problems with this item :1 -RRB- The batteries are usually dead when I reach for it . This is because the ON button is easily bumped turning it on when you do n't want it on . Also , the charger times out so if you leave it in the docking station it will eventually be dead since the charger does not trickle : -LRB- 2 -RRB- The flashing lights and beep tones are too complicated . Just give me a toggle on/off switch not a push button # % $ ! @ $ 3 -RRB- It is cumbersome but I would have put up with this if problems # 1 and # 2 were n't present .4 -RRB- Not enough volume .
 I 've been using a wired headset with my cheap-o Nokia 3560 . It works okay but when I 'm wearing it the wire tends to get snagged on things and when I 'm not , its sits like a tangle of black spaghetti on the passenger seat of my car . I was never very happy with it so I was really intigued when a techo-geek friend showed up at work with on of these things stuck to his ear . A wireless cellphone headset -- HALLELUJAH !! I rushed to the computer to order one that very day and I followed the FEDEX tracking until it finally arrived.What a huge disappointment . To give the thing its due , it 's nice looking and is pretty comfortable to wear . Period . Within a few frustrating days , I was back to my old wired headset , the Freespeak consigned to oblivion in the trunk of my car forever.This is a great idea , implemented remarkably badly . When I get a call with my old wired headset , I squeeze a button on the wire and talk . When I 'm done , I squeeze the wire again and hang up . Simple.When I get a call wearing my Freespeak , I -LRB- 1 -RRB- reach behind my ear and grope for the button on the ear unit that puts headpiece in `` active '' mode ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- open the armrest console and begin digging through the keys , pens , gum packages and breath mints to find my phone , all the while trying to keep the car on the road ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- assuming that the call has not yet been sent into voicemail , I press the `` answer '' key on the phone . Now I can put the phone back in the console and begin `` free-speaking . `` To hang up , I do the reverse . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Root through console , re-locate phone , -LRB- 2 -RRB- press the `` hang up '' key on phone ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- replace phone in console ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- reach behind ear , find button , return phone to `` standby '' mode.All of this assumes that the earpiece will even communicate with the sending unit that plugs into the phone . Mine inexplicably stops communicating randomly and without apparent provocation . I might have been more interested in trouble-shooting this problem if the unit worked well otherwise . But it does n't . Now if having to go through this routine simply to take a phone call is n't bad enough , do n't forget to disconnect your Freespeak from the phone every evening so you can bring it into the house and plug it into the AC recharger overnight . -LRB- It does n't recharge itself simply by being plugged into a phone that 's plugged into the cigarette lighter . -RRB- And do n't forget to take it with you in the morning when you leave . -LRB- This is something that I usually remember about a mile from my house . -RRB- Then there 's the sound quality . When the unit is actually working , sound quality is sometimes adequate . At other times you get to hear your own words fed back to you , delayed by about a half-second . If you 've ever tried carrying on a conversation while having your own voice played back to you on time delay , you know how challeging this can be . Also , most of the people who I talked to using the Freespeak complained of the same effect on their end.I do n't know if the unit functions differently on Bluetooth-enabled phones . I can only assume that it must . But I see nothing about this overpriced , under-designed product that justifies buying it .
 I was really excited about a wireless headset , so when I received it and it did n't work properly I was upset . The volume in the headset was so low I could n't hear the caller . When I called jabra for help I was put on hold for 2 hours -LRB- thank god for speaker phones -RRB- . Then I tried the web page and emailed them about the problem . I explained to them that I had tried all of the listed troubleshooting suggestions on the web page and in the manual and it still did not work . A WEEK later I got a return email telling me to try the very same things I told them I had done . I will NEVER buy anything made by JABRA again !!!
 I bought one of these and returned it after 2 days . The headset kept loosing connectivity with the adapter -LRB- I have a non-bluetooth phone -RRB- When I wore the adapter on one side and the headset in the opposite ear it disconnected almost constantly . When I moved the adapter and headset to the same side of my body it was better but it still frequently disconnected . My wife also complained that the sound quality was poor when I was using the headset . On the good side it is very comfortable and fairly easy to use once I got used to it . It also took advantage of Nokia phones ability to answer and hangup calls from the headdset . The coolness factor is good . Too bad it does n't live up to its promise but I have had similar results from other Jabra products.As soon as I can find the Plantronics version I will give it a try ...
 I used if for one hour and that is all I could take . There was much too much static and the people I called said it was noisy too . Also , it was too hard to turn it on .
 If only there were a ** zero star ** rating ... I own many wireless gadgets , and this is by far the worst I have ever bought . I say this after having tried three of them . The sound quality is just horrible . It sounds like you 're speaking under a blanket while popping corn , and that 's on a LAND line . I contacted their tech support -LRB- do n't get me started -RRB- , and got a lame `` well there must be some other wireless devices interfering with it '' . I made sure there were none , I tried it in different locations , and came to the conclusion that it is just badly made . If the headset is more than a foot away from the base , you get crackling ... what 's the point ? Besides that , the user interface is terrible , but I would put up with that if the sound quality were good . I 've heard bad things about bluetooth before , but this is confirmation ... can you hear me now ? NO !
 The seller never call me back , and the device never workI need my money come back . 7862629966
 ahhh I see your battery is dying . Be forewarned . I 'm betting this does n't fix the problem . I mean really how old is your phone ? Not old enough yet to have made this battery tired . The Li-ion batteries usually last around 18 months -LRB- hence at 18mon a bunch of i-pod users are gon na get pissy when the i-pod does n't work anymore and you ca n't change the battery . -RRB- why has n't yours lasted that long ... oh because your phone sucks . you will be like me get a new battery and it will only last for 7 hr on standby at first and then drop down to 4 hr on standby.Why ? have you noticed yet how hot that phone is running ? it is cooking its internal electronics , your ear , and the battery.when you get a new phone - the new one will only have a 90day warranty . T-mobile will charge you for shipping . you will spend at least an hour with them on the phone.aren ' t these costs adding up for you yet ?
 It 's been probably 5-6 months since I bought this so it 's OK for me to write a review about it.This phone sucks . Do n't buy it . You will have problems hearing what the other person on the other side is saying . Speaker phone is a joke . In a noisy area I use the speaker phone , put it to my ear to hear it.When you slide up , sometimes -LRB- very often -RRB- the display light does n't turn off , just dims out which causes the battery die quicker.So many things to say ; mp3 player useless , navigation useless , functions useless , you ca n't use certain songs for ring tones , etc. . I can tell you at least one excuse for each feature you have in mind . I was hoping to find a firmware update to fix the problems but no luck.I strongly suggest you stick with Nokia phones or at least stay away from Samsung.By the way , Cingular is not lowest dropped call network . That 's a lie . I had never problems with T-Mobile or Sprint . You will get dropped calls if you chose Cingular . That 's for sure .
 i will not cover for all good thing that this fone provide . let talks about how bad it is if you have this cell by Cingular wireless . the screen have pretty good size however you can not any decent wallpaper show on this fone becuase stupid Cingular had removed feature to hide logo , time and date on the display . it will ruin whatever image you want to show off with the fone . go for Sony W810i instead !
 I just received this phone as a replacement -LRB- from insurance -RRB- for my sony s710a and I could not be more disappointed with this phone.The phone would not pair up with my jabra bt250v which I could possibly live without however with the phone being in my pocket I was unable to hear it ringing with the volume on 5 -LRB- the loudest it would go , also there are no `` profiles '' to possibly make it louder -RRB- The actual sliding portion did feel like it `` locked '' into place however the top portion of the phone felt very wobbly and cheap . The phone has no flash and you have to adjust the brightness for every photo which makes it useless if your kids are doing something that is a `` kodak-moment '' . I did n't find the phone to be user-friendly out of the box , for instance factory default is when you dial a number and close the slide it hangs up the call . this can be disabled but it was a shocker the first time.All in all , go with the w600i sony phone -LRB- that 's what the insurance company is going to be sending me as yet another replacement -RRB-
 This was my first and will be my last Samsung phone . I have had it for 10 days and have been fairly underwhelmed by it . Now its broken , and nobody will repair it.The camera takes the best photos I have seen from a phone , but the phone features are average at best :1 . Call volume and ringer volume is low , even at the highest setting2 . It wo n't synch with a mac -LRB- but no Samsung phone will ; I knew this upfront -RRB- 3 . Although the keyboard locks when the slider is closed , it unlocks as soon as you receive a call . Several times I have hung up on people by accidentely pressing buttons while retieving the ringing phone from my pocket ... 4 . IMHO Both Sony Ericsson and Motorola have much better contact management . Choosing between home , cell and work numbers for a contact is long winded on the Samsung .5 . Today the screen broke so now its useless.I discovered the screen was broken this morning after walking my dog with it in the back pocket of my -LRB- loose -RRB- jeans . There is no damage to the glass on the front of the phone , but the LCD panel underneath the glass has a crack 2/3 of the way across the screen , rendering it useless . This phone has never been dropped , sat on or otherwise abused . How the screen broke is a mystery to me , but apparently not to anyone who wants to avoid taking responsibility for manufacturing or selling faulty products.First I called Cingular , who refused to take a return on products less than 30 days old and referred me to the point of sale . Then I went to Best Buy -LRB- the point of sale -RRB- who told me that broken screens are `` physical damage '' and can not be returned . When I commented that the phone looked brand new and had no scratches , dents or other signs of physical damage , the manager agreed with me , and suggested `` perhaps it happened when you put the phone in your pocket '' . After more apologies and suggestions from the mamnager of Best Buy -LRB- `` perhaps you pushed it aginst you ear too hard '' -RRB- , I went back home to call Samsung , who told me -LRB- without seeing the phone -RRB- that their waranty does not cover `` physical damage '' . The rep gave me an RMA number to appease me , but told me point blank it would not be repaired . Nice.So to summarize , if you think you may put this phone in your pocket , or hold it to your ear , it 's not the phone for you .
 A word of warning - after about 3 months of normal use , the slider mechanism got `` untracked '' The phone still works but now the front half of the phone with the screen sits crooked . Called Cingular and they said that this was common and to call Samsung . Samsung said it was not a warranty covered issue and that it would cost $ 70 to fix . I 've not had a problem with Samsung phones in the past but this design is obviously a lemon .
 I love the feel of the phone . The slide is a great feel and numbers are nice and large.But the Apps on the phone are not that great.The calendar is poor , an all day appointment will carry over to the next day.The contacts will always default to the mobile number and do n't store a address.The CallerID with picture is a nice touch , but it does n't fill the screen ! You have a 3x2 in screen and when the callerid picture is displayed its 1/2 '' x 1/2 '' What a waist of space.The ring and speaker phone is n't very loud , but does pick up sounds well.Sync program has bugs , with deleting and all day appointments.I 'd return it for a different phone if I did n't go past my 30 days
 After six days with the D807 I had , I returned it to Cingular for a refund . This phone is `` ok '' but the Cingular firmware cripples too many functions -LRB- read on -RRB- and Samsung has substandard compliance with Bluetooth syncing and Mac/PC interaction .1 . If you are a Mac user , skip this phone because it WILL NOT work with iSync . If you want to synchronize your address book with the D807 , then you have to manually send each item as a vcard export . If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts , then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one . It takes hours . There is NO way to synchronize your iCal calendars with the phone . Although it does seem to recognize . ics files sent over bluetooth using file exchange , it is unable to cleanly import them into the phone calendar .2 . This phone WILL NOT work with Salling Clicker . You can not use this phone to control powerpoint , VLC or anything else . Samsung does not support the Bluetooth JSR-82 API and therefore if you want to use this phone as a presentation remote or laptop video remote control , forget it . It will not work , Samsung has no plans to release a firmware upgrade and Cingular does n't do firmware flashing anyway . The author of Salling clicker has written in his support forums that no one should expect this phone to ever work with Salling clicker because Samsung does n't support the API .3 . Downloading and transfering Java apps is spotty with a PC and just bad with a Mac . You can transfer the applications over using Bluetooth file exchange , but they end up in the Games folder and not all of them run . If you have a PC , then you can use the Windows only Samsung software over USB or Bluetooth but the results are still mixed -LRB- check Howardforums.com -RRB- . Why they even included bluetooth on this phone to then cripple it is beyond me . The reliable method is apparently to use the phone 's web browser to download java apps , this is either 1 cent per Kb or $ 20 a month extra for bandwidth .4 . The phone has arbitrary limitations imposed by Cingular in the firmware . First , while you CAN use MP3 files as ringtones , you must edit them on your Mac/PC to make them less than 192Kbps in encoded bit rate and under 600K in size and also under 32 characters in name length . If you transfer a file larger than this and try to use it as a ringtone , it will say the file is invalid . This is an absolutely arbitrary restriction since the phone has an MP3 application and can play full size MP3s with it -LRB- but still under 192Kbps which is n't so bad considering most people will use pretty weak headphones and wo n't hear the difference -RRB- . Secondly , although the phone can use animated and other GIFs , and JPGs as wallpaper , unless you buy them from Cingular , they must be under 100K in size . Try getting a 172x220 animated GIF under 100K ; its very very limiting . The phone will happily display large animated GIFs , but will refuse your attempt to set them as wallpaper if they 're over that 100K limit . Incidentally , the D800 unlocked version has a 240x320 screen , much higher definition -LRB- but no storage expansion -RRB- . Finally , Cingular has removed the ability to set message tones . You can set ring tones , but if you want your message waiting alert to be something other than the two , quiet , beeps , the phone comes loaded with , you must buy them from Cingular .5 . As another reviewer noted , every single menu item is topped with sales links for add-ons from Cingular . Clearly , Cingular intends you to buy every little thing for this phone instead of customizing it yourself . Wallpapers , sounds , ringtones , skins for the menus ... everything must be purchased from Cingular until some kind Hacker figures out how to undo all of the restrictions they have placed on the phone . There is a way to kill the functionality of the links that Cingular has sprinkled everywhere , like a consumer minefield , but the links will still be present . If you give this phone to a teen , your next bill could be monstrous from the ridiculously priced customization .6 . The camera works well but its a phone camera and it has no flash so do n't expect much . Manufacturers are putting better and better chips into phones but I think they 're running up against the realities of very tiny optics . An old 1.3 MP digital camera , with the same resolution as a new phone will still give a better picture because of the optics . On the otherhand , your phone is always right there with you for spontaneous shooting . You can send photos over bluetooth to a Mac/PC just fine . The Phone also has expandable transflash memory , not included by Cingular , and can hold up to a 1GB card .7 . Cingular has crippled the output volume on the earpiece , many people find it far too quiet . The phone is entirely capable of belting out more volume , this firmware just wo n't . For example , the instruction voice for voice command calling is so loud it will make your ears ring ... and you can not turn it down .8 . There is no way to move address cards from the phone to the SIM card without using a Windows PC . You can save an address to the SIM or to the Phone , but you would need to make another entry to save it to both places . If you have a windows PC you can download software from Samsung that will permit you to move addresses back and forth from the SIM to Phone memory but since most every other phone can do this with the push of a button , I find this lack of functionality inexplicable . Saving to the SIM provides an easy and fast backup and since the Samsung wo n't work with a Mac -LRB- the vcard hack is tortuously slow and incomplete in terms of the fields exported -RRB- there would be no backup . PC users can backup by hand using the Samsung software -LRB- not provided or linked by Cingular -RRB- .
 I was sold this phone because of the misleading features list.This was a bad idea . And too much of a high price .1 -RRB- The calls are hard to listen to unless you 're in a very quiet place , the volume output is very low -LRB- and no , I 'm not earing impaired -RRB- .2 -RRB- because of # 1 , you can forget about making good use of the speaker phone -LRB- unless , like me , you are in a crowded pace and you want to stick the speaker to your ear to be abe to undestand .3 -RRB- the navigation among applications and function is not easy . The keys are not for fast tapping and the menus are too intricated.The only positive feature is the big screen , so that you can play games in the airport.I wish I could return it and get another Nokia ...
 I bought two of these , one for me and one for my wife . We have had them less than a year and both are broken . Neither phone will charge anymore and to compound the problem there is no external `` desktop '' charger made for this phone . I have always had Samsung phones and have always been happy . This phone however is the first one that I have owned that is made in China not Korea and is very poorly made . Echoing some other complaints , the ringer is too quite and calls are frequently missed . I like the form factor but can only warn others to look elsewhere .
 This phone has a lot of features but is quirky . The phone comes with the battery , travel charger , and user guide only . You have to purchase the headset -LRB- mono or stereo -RRB- , holster , micro SD card , etc separately.Pros :1 . Speakerphone is loud and fairly clear , but could definitely use some improvement .2 . MP3 player 's sound quality is okay but should never be compared to a full-fledged MP3 player .3 . Digital photo quality is good , albeit a slightly slower than instant response .4 . Menus are simple .5 . This slider phone is large enough for my hands , but sleek and elegant enough to get the oohs and ahhs from others.Cons :1 . MP3 player can not play all MP3 files . There are some rules that Samsung had built-in that prevents certain files from playing .2 . MP3 music stored in the micro SD card can not be associated with any incoming calling group or person . To associate personal music as a ringtone , you 'd have to convert the MP3 to an MMF file . This is a multi-step process which seems to be wasted energy . Samsung phones need to improve upon this aspect like other companies .3 . The digital photos that you copy from your personal collection into the micro SD card , can not be viewed on the phone .4 . Main menus can not be customized unlike other Samsung phones .5 . One of the most important things is battery life , and this phone does n't have any . I have two different versions of this phone , the black one and the white one . They both experience the short battery life syndrome . If you play with the phone all day , expect to charge this phone at least once a day . This phone was rated with a 10-day standby time within the digital network . Well , I live , work , and travel within this digital network , and I still have to charge it every 36-48 hours . I 've had other Samsung phones that lasted much longer .
 I had this phone for about three weeks and discovered many of its weaknesses . First , its MP3 player has the most limited functionality I have ever seen . You ca n't organize your MP3s in any way and you can not have more than one playlist . Really frustrating when you are playing with a gig of music . Also you can not minimize the MP3 player -LRB- and do other things while listening -RRB- and you ca n't turn off everything but the MP3 player -LRB- for use on planes etc -RRB- . Also last I checked it was impossible to charge the phone and use the headphone adapter at the same time , making it inferior for use as a music player in the car . If you are considering using the MP3 player a lot on this be very worried.Another primary problem was the weakness of the earpiece . It 's not nearly loud enough which is a big problem in noisy environments.On the other side the sliding mechanism is nice , the phone is small and light , and the PC software works great.I switched to a choclate and immediately noticed the earpiece MUCH louder , the MP3 functionality is VASTLY superior -LRB- in every way -RRB- , and at least in my area Verizon + chocolate produced vastly superior call quality over D807 + cingular .
 The reception quality of this phone is very bad . Voice breaks alot even outside building . Other cingular phones work great inside room as well but not this one .
 I bought this phone 3 months ago and within few weeks it started shutting down on its own -LRB- Amazon itself admits this is a wide spread problem -RRB- . So went in for exchange with Amazon -LRB- one of the best customer service providers I ever know -RRB- and got a new one . what a pity ! it has the same problem . thinkin og going for a new phone . This phone shuts down on its own and you would miss the calls ... so eventhough phone looks great it does n't meet the minimum expectation of being ` on .
 There are no accessories at all that come in the box , except for the phone charger . Just a couple of ringtones . menu options are bad and can not be customized . phone does not have good sound . the speaker phone sucks ! not clear or loud enough.Pros
 I previously owned a Nokia 6230 for nearly two years and was very happy with it . A month ago however the membrane beneath the keypad began malfunctioning and I decided it was time to move on . After spending some time researching and bargain-hunting , I settled on the D807 as a promising , and having found it for free after renewing my contract with Cingular here on Amazon , decided to take the plunge.Well within a week the LCD has cracked , rendering the most impressive element of the phone useless . I am not a rookie when it comes to candy-bar style phones , and my Nokia made it through 18 months of the exact same treatment with no damage to the screen whatsoever . Thanks to neither Cingular nor Samsung willing to offer any kind of warranty I am stuck with a paperweight . I can not recommend this phone despite its initial stylishness , and can not offer any extensive reviews of its features because for all intents it is useless .
 Plp , Plz dont buy this phone thinkin bout goin 4 looks . This phone does look good but there are many other stylish phones . I joined cingular cauz of my gf to get m2m free but i made a terrible mistake of gettin this phone . I actually dont even know how good cingular is because of this phone . It sucks !! this phone has no service wat so ever . since the day i got it i have always had broken conversations , static and speaker of this phone sucks . The only good thing is the cool Micro sd card slot but to convert files to watch it on yr cell is the biggest pain , even worst the pic window is really small and the voice quality sucks so watchin yr fav show on yr cell while travelin is a good idea but BAD with this phone . u will be in tears !! overall this phone seriously sucks and cingular service i m not sure yet !!
 Not to repeat the shortcomings already mentioned by other reviewers , which I experienced first hand I will share my experience . I spent hours setting up this phone , downloading ring tones , customizing call groups and speed dials . This was this past Thurs. and Friday . When I turned on my phone Sat . to make a call all of my contacts , which had been saved to the phone memory just vanished . Contacts were still on SIM card . It was just all my speed dials and call group contacts were gone from the Phone memory . Where they had to be transferred to be able to use those features . Do n't know what happened and at this point I do n't care . In fact , before I returned it this morning I set up a few numbers for distinctive rings and speed dial . Guess what ! All gone again . Needless to say I would stay away from this phone . If I could rate it ZERO I would .
 Yeah it might look like a good phone , but the cons really out weigh the pros . Just like everyone else has said , the volume is way too low and most importantly . . the LCD screen will suddenly break for no apparent reason .
 The Good : - Very stylish and sleek design . It quickly caught the attention of anyone happening to see it.-Very large display.The Bad : - Very low speaker volume made it difficult to hear conversations . I found myself asking others `` What ? '' or `` Can you repeat that ? '' far too many times.-Poorly designed user interface.The Ugly : - Reception was very poor in a call area that has good coverage.-After two days , I found myself using it more as a paperweight than a phone . The combiation of poor reception and low speaker volume is a lethal combination that killed all of my interest in a very interesting looking , but fairly useless cell phone .
 My feelings are quite similar . I initially purchased a Samsung D807 upon signing a contract with Cingular -LRB- of course , they couldnt be more pleased -RRB- I had n't dropped or jarred said phone , in the least ... and yet the screen cracked in my pocket while I was entering my vehicle , 3 months afterwards . It was thereby rendered useless . I entered Cingular to see how and/or if they could remedy the problem . I got nothing short of a scoff and a few snide remarks letting me know it was my fault , and I was **** Out of Luck -LRB- in those exact words -RRB- . Samsung was less help , contending the phone was dropped . Billed me for the replacement . 6 months elapse , Same thing happens . I will never , and I mean never even if it involves a 200 % markup , purchase another Samsung product as long as I live . Why you ask ? Because quality control slipped through the folds undetected . No compensation . No validation . As for AT&T , I hope Ma Bell understands that history repeats itself . BTW , if AT&T has a commercial -LRB- business account -RRB- division , then how the bloody hell can it bear fruit if there isnt an incentive to sign a business plan ; ie we were told the friends and family is less costly than the business plan -LRB- and were by no means small -RRB- . Insane -LRB- and yes I know `` they were '' trying to fist me like a dummy . -RRB- And this is encouraged . I know he was ! Meh .
 This is a nice looking phone , no doubt , but it is a piece of poop . Reception is not good , some buttons are hard to use and it is virtually impossible to open the phone without touching the screen . My screen actually cracked while opening the phone -LRB- which was never dropped -RRB- and now the phone is useless . AT&T wo n't fix it and neither will Samsung . Very disappointed in the phone and both companies . Do your research if you 're thinking about buying this . Lots of people have ended up with cracked screens and been out of luck as a result .
 I purchased this phone in August of last year . Almost exactly one year to the day the thing just died . I tried a new battery and everything . Then oddly enough , my friend had purchased the same phone one month later , and his died almost a year to the day as well ... piece of crap !
 After about three months of having this phone it started acting up and doing strange things and the battery would n't hold a charge for more than a day and a half . After about 5 months it started dropping all of my calls and cutting out in the middle of all of my conversations . Now after 7 months it turns on , but even in full service areas the phone will not make any calls out . I have had to revert back to my old phone which still works after 2 years unlike this phone which died after only 7 months .
 I just got this phone today , and have seriously only used this for about an hour or two but I 've already figured out most of the pros and cons ... The MECHANICS of the phone : Pros : ** The screen is obviously big , so viewing pictures and texting is very easy . ** The buttons are located under the slider so dialing Mr. 333333333 wo n't happen again . ** The Camera takes lovely pictures ... although actions shots are still not an option -LRB- but that 's what digital cameras are for -RRB- ** Has great voice recognition if you 'd rather use it instead of dialing ... Cons : ** The phone volume SUCKS . It only goes to a 5 when CLEARLY it should go up to a 10 . Who can hear Jack on level 1 ???!! I live in a very quiet place ... and it 's hard to hear . I ca n't even imagine what it 'll be like trying to hear someone when I 'm in Target ! I have perfect hearing , so no ... It 's not a user problem . ** The phone comes equiped with ... 10 rings or so ... 4 of which are cheaps Ring ring tones and at least one of the dopey Cingular ring . ** The buttons are pretty small for texting . I 'm a small girl , 130 pounds , so I do n't huge Andre the Giant hands . ** The antenna is on the back of the phone so if you 're in a LOW reception area , you have to place it face down as to not OBSTRUCT the reception , and that will just eff up the screen . ** IF you 're big on cleanliness , the screen will become messy with ear-grease - funk after every conversation.On Asthetics : The phone is beautifully made . Light weight . Great looking . and easy slider -LRB- I hate flippy do-dahs -RRB- . They should redo the model -LRB- like how Nikon made a D70s -RRB- improving the obivious , more neede features like hearing -LRB- since that IS the point of a phone -RRB- . I 'm usually a Nokia user and was very leary about switching over . If you 're a Nokia fan as well , I would not recommend this .
 I purchased this phone less then a week ago and already hate it ! After , being RAZR-ed out I wanted something different this time around . The looks of this phone are very impressive.External display : Large easy to read!Color is vibrant!Clearity is great!The screen NEVER goes off when you are charging the phone . If you like your room lite up like a christmas tree while it is charging at night its great . Extra feature that was not mentioned ... a built in nite light!Key pad : Very flat I do n't find it that difficult to use for texing or for calling . If you have big fingers then I see the key pad difficult to use.Texing : Samsung made this to complicated . First , you go to messaging , then you choose what you want to do , then you choose again what you want to do from a series of questions . Questions after questions.Address book : Adding someone to the address book is not complicated . Personalizing the entry is not complicated.Ringtones : The phone does not come with many ringtones . You have to download them.If you want to put a certain contact number on silent ... forget . You have to put the whole phone on silent . If you have the phone on silent at night remember the nite lite feature that is NEVER mentioned . The screen will light up the room.Call Quality : I find this phone to have great call clearity . I drove with the sunroof open and could hear the conversation fine even on speaker phone . Yes , it could stand to use more volume control.Beware !! If you would like to transfer a call to speaker while driving plan on having your eyes of the road for about 3 or more seconds . First , you push the speaker phone button then , it is going to ask you if you want the speaker phone on or off.THE PHONE IS NOT USER FRIENDLY !! The owners manual is not much help . Tried emailing Samsung about feature questions 3 days later still no response . The Cingular sales team have n't been much help either they are clueless about certain features on this phone.Over all I really want to like this phone.The looks of the phone are great . Basically , that is all the phone is good for is to look good in your hand and the cool tunes and sounds that come out of it.The call quality is good.If you have nothing better to do then play and try to figure out the phone then this is the phone for you . If you use the phone to just make calls and do not use any of the features -LRB- call log , tex , camera , mp3 etc. -RRB- then this is the phone for you . But , there are less expensive phones then this one.Every feature has about 2-3 questions before actually being able to work that feature . Its like playing 20 questions another unmentioned feature.I find this phone annoying , frustrating and time consuming to use . It is not a user friendly phone !! Very disappointed in this phone.I will be taking it back . -LRB- Hello Moto , again . -RRB- I hope this review will help in your decision making about this phone .
 This phone is n't all that great . I used to have a w600i which was just awesome but I found out after a football game that the screen was cracked somehow . Instead of waiting a week for a replacement of that phone to be shipped to me , I decided to go for this phone instead because it came the next day.I had to buy a USB connecter for the memory card , which I also bought , because I wanted music on my phone . Well it turned out that I needed the quality of the music to be under 192kbps . Big problem , so none of the 100 + songs that I put on the memory card worked . Plus you ca n't use the music that actually does play on your phone as ringtones.The calender function is n't user friendly at all . There is n't a setting for birthdays anywhere , even on the contact user information . The appointment setting is ridiculous.Texting is hard to get used to . There 's no cancel feature when you press the `` back '' button on accident so you have to save your text as a draft and go back in to finish it . That is the most frustrating thing if you text a lot.I would say the only thing good about this phone is that the pictures take really well . That , and the alarm feature . You can set up to three alarms at a time , which is good if you 're a deep sleeper.Oh and here 's a word of advice
 ok the phone is cool and I like doing the slide thing as much as the next guy or gal . BUT this phone 's screen will crack . You do n't even need to break or mare the actually plastic screen itself becuase basically any dropping of the phone will cause the liquid crystal display to crack inside the phone and then the liquid just oozes out and makes it hard to see many parts of the screen . I thought oh well I 'll be careful when I got my phone , surely I wo n't also break the screen as other people had warned in these reviews , but oh yes I did . I even keep my phone in a case every day and the screen still has 3-4 large cracks in it after only having the phone for less than 6 months . Well hey stop trying to buy this phone just cause it slides and get a flip phone so your screen wo n't crack , at least thats my advice .
 I hated this phone . When it first arrived I thought it was great ! loved the look and everything else about it , but within a few weeks of buying the phone , the screen went out . I reported it to cingular , and they charged me over $ 100 for a replacement . When the new phone arrived the speakers did n't work . I sent the phone back again , and upon recieving the third phone I was still having problems with the speakers in the new one . I finally got so fed up I just bought a new phone all together . I wasted a lot of time and money on this phone . Would not recomend it to anyone .
 After owning two of these units -- each of which lasted only about 8 months -- I will not be getting another one , however satisfied I was with it while it worked . It was a great phone while it functioned properly , but after two bad experiences I have no choice but to move to a new unit . The front panel screen with its vibrant color was great for custom wallpaper , and I had no complaints with sound quality or its overall functionality . In fact , I quite enjoyed it . However , it was n't long before a variety of problems began to sink in -LRB- each unit unit having its own particular problems -RRB- , including , but not limited to
 I 've had three of these phones and all three have broke . I am very careful with my phones and they still stop working . First one came apart in two pieces due to the slider failing . The second one just became so quiet I could hear anyone anymore . And the third -LRB- 2 months after being replaced by AT&T -RRB- suddenly stop charging . Have three chargers and none of them would charge the battery . Overall , this phone is no good . Find one with no slider and no flip . All they do is break .
 i got this items for my palm tx . it ncame in the same week that i order it . that was great ! plug it in , it did n't fit so wigle it in . windup pushing the tip in . i manage to pull the out the tip . i tryed again this time i grip the base tightly , the base split in two . one more time , this time the coper piece got smashed . i straighten out the coper . plug it in it work , bearly . i threw it away.k.p.s . not good purchaged , do n't buy
 I think this brike quite quickly after purcahse but I did n't pay much ! Probably made in China
 I bought this case for my roommate because he has this super expensive phone and always carries it around in his pocket , thus it was incurring scratches and damage rather regularly . The case itself is nice , has a tight fit and does not make the phone much bulkier -LRB- unless you have the belt clip attached -RRB- , but it has plastic covering all the keypad buttons except 4 or 5 of the big ones , which is the main problem because it makes typing on it harder than it already is , which is quite a problem for owners of this phone because its already semi-difficult to use the tiny little keyboard . He had this on his phone for about 3 days and since then I 've never seen it on there , I recommended he cut off the plastic so he can access the keys easier , hopefully that helps .
 I have had the phone for less then one year and have had to get two replacements . The last time it took Palm One 3 weeks to get me my new replace . Think about this I paid $ 500.00 for a phone and for almost one month I could not use it . The reception is very poor . I would shop around for a different phone.Signed with out a phone
 I bought my Treo about 2 months ago and have had to replace it twice . Same problem both times . I ca n't answer calls because it goes straight to voice mail , the key pad does not work when checking messages and no matter where I am , it says I do n't have service even though I do . My first Treo just died on me and now the second one is having the same issues . Do n't buy this phone since many other people I 've talked to have had the same problems I have !
 OK , so now I get some guy on their support line that tells me that the Treo 600 can not open or handle . jpgs and that I 'll have to pay for 3rd party software if I want to view or attach . jpgs to messages . He does n't even have any suggestions regarding the third party vendors for the software . While I 'm talking to the guy , and he keeps rattling on about something else he clearly does n't understand -LRB- and which had nothing to do with what I was asking about -RRB- , I find this on handspring 's website : `` The version of the Palm OS your Treo 600 smartphone runs can handle the following kinds of attachments fresh out of the box : Polyphonic ringtones -LRB- . mid -RRB- JPEG image files -LRB- . jpg -RRB- vCard and vCal files -LRB- . vcs and . vcf -RRB- `` Who is right ? I do n't know . But clearly one of them is wrong , and they 're both Handspring . I 'm pretty pissed off . It clearly ca n't handle . jpgs right out of the box , and they clearly ca n't handle giving any explanation of the more advanced functions that the Treo may or may not have.DONT BUY ONE IF YOU WANT MORE THAN A PHONE , PDA AND GODAWFUL BROWSER .
 I have a question about the treo . If I currently have an AT&T Wireless plan , and I buy this phone from a friend or someone other than AT&T , will I be able to get a plan for it with AT&T ? Does the treo I buy have to be locked or unlocked to use with my current provider ? -LRB- AT&T Wireless -RRB- I know nothing about these kind of things so any info would be cool . thanks !
 OK , so now I get some guy on their support line that tells me that the Treo 600 can not open or handle . jpgs and that I can pay for 3rd party software . While I 'm talking to the guy , I find this on handspring 's website : `` The version of the Palm OS your Treo 600 smartphone runs can handle the following kinds of attachments fresh out of the box : Polyphonic ringtones -LRB- . mid -RRB- JPEG image files -LRB- . jpg -RRB- vCard and vCal files -LRB- . vcs and . vcf -RRB- `` Who is right ? I do n't know . But clearly one of them is wrong , and they 're both Handspring . I 'm pretty pissed off . It clearly ca n't handle . jpgs right out of the box , and they clearly ca n't handle giving any explanation of the more advanced functions that the Treo may or may not have.DONT BUY ONE IF YOU WANT MORE THAN A PHONE , PDA AND GODAWFUL BROWSER .
 March 23 , 2004 . I have had mobile phones since 1981 when they first came out . Before this phone I was using a Nokia phone and Palm Tungsten . Bought this phone in December from AT & T Wireless . It worked great until the middle of February when the sound went out and I could only use the earpiece and speaker . I called tech support and they could n't get it to work and they could n't get me another phone for 12 days . The new one arrived and it would not hold a charge off the charger and would immediately perform a hard reset . I sent it back and received Treo phone 3 last week . Yesterday it too stopped working and I could only use it with the earpiece or on speaker . After researching on line , I discovered that this speaker going out is a real problem with the phone . I called At & T and they said that if I had bought any other phone from them they would replace it overnight . But they will not replace a Treo or Palm because of the PalmOne policy . So I am left with no choice but to order my 4th phone from Palm One and wait another 10 to 14 days for a replacement . And forget about getting one sent overnight by giving them your FedEx number . Their policy does n't allow this.Features I have liked include
 I had the following problem . The sound starts getting bad after less than a month of use and then sound drops out totally from internal ear speaker . According to the wireless store , this is a common problem . I wish I had done an internet search before buying the phone.Customer service from Palm is slow and very difficult to get . They insist on providing me with a refurbished phone , even though mine is only a little more than a month old . ATT says they are not responsible after 1 month.The palm software , as expected , works great . But we need the phone to work too .
 My experience with the Treo 600 with AT&T is horrible . My first phone worked fine for about 2 months . Then the speaker stopped functioning so I could not use the phone without a headset . Since it failed beyond the AT&T 30 day warranty , I had to call Palm directly . The tech support was difficult to understand but they did send me a replacement promptly . Unfortunately , the replacement has never worked properly . There is a terrible buzzing sound that makes the phone unuseable . It also drops almost every call . Now I am waiting for my 3rd phone . The delivery date keeps getting postponed so I am without a phone . AT&T will not offer any other assistance . My associate has one and is also waiting for his 3rd phone .
 Not worth the money . The Platium Face or better yet the clear cheap plastic face scrathes easily ... Do Not Buy !
 This headset worked great for about a month and a half ; then , all of a sudden the left earbud died on me . I have e-mailed Sennheiser three times and have not gotten a response from them . If you want to waste $ 50 , then buy this headset -- otherwise LOOK ELSEWHERE .
 the excellent sound came from only the left side and I dont think the mic worked either . My advice is to keep the packaging in case you have to return it . I did not and was out $ 50 .
 To be fair , I only had the phones for 1 day before I mailed them back . The mic did not work as another reviewer indicated . I have a Blacberry Pearl & read on some forums about these but I did not think the bass was good at all . I do n't believe they were true stereo headphones -- i do n't know if this was same situation as previous reviewer noted where he had to pull out the connector slightly to hear true stereo , but that defeats the purpose of the purchase . I know per many forums that the Pearl has issues w/stereo , but should be overcome by headsets such as these b/c of their 2.5 mm tips with 3 or more circles on the end . The box made them look cheap as well as I have seen a box of normal Sennheisers that cost more than these so immediately it got me thinking the quality was going to be that good . I guess I 'm spoiled w/more higher end headphones , but b/c I 've heard much about the name , I thought I could n't go wrong . Will have to read on more types to see which ones I want
 I bought this phone because of its style - lets face it , we give our cellphone top priority over wallets and purses . Its a very sleek flip phone from Motoralla - especially the transparent cover - while your walking or on the bus in a rush , without depressing any keys its handy to see time.I also liked the lights feature but the customization was a bit difficult as they reset every time the phone is turned off ... I would have expected much more convinience ... the ringtones provided with this phone are HORRIBLE !! the melodies and the rock type tones , one would expect would be loud for a cellphone , very low volume ringtones -LRB- yes the loud volume was set to max -RRB- - mini USB as mentioned always gives a error of Unknown device and the up/down switch is on the SIDE !! a very bad point if you want to use the phonebook to call someone . . Very inconvinient for a cellphone , very low volume ringtones which were not so hott , very few wallpaper/screen saver choices -LRB- only 3 and they are not so great !! -RRB- but hey for under 90 bucks unlocked , its a great buy for basic call making for most people ; -RRB-
 I bought this phone intending to use it as a back-up phone/pocketable phone to my PDA phone . Unfortunately , it has a very primitive -LRB- as opposed to basic -RRB- user interface that is not easy to navigate . The phone also turns out to be much thicker than I had hoped - its no RAZR . The cover does have the speaker , but is otherwise a cheap-feeling plastic shell that adds to the already thick body . There is a colorful display of flashing lights and tones when the phone powers up and shuts down , but otherwise , it 's nothing notable . The battery/back cover is a bit of a pain to remove - it requires two hands - one to press the release button , the other to slide the cover off.I have n't had a Motorola phone for ages , but this seems like a skin job on some old platform . The software seems as old as the StarTac phones of yesteryear . Get with it Moto ! - your software is the most primitive in the industry .
 My last phone was run over by a passing RV and I was in desperate need of a new one . I stopped by the local Cingular Store and pick this one up . For me it was the look and feel that sold me . Well if all i was doing was looking and feeling this phone would be great , but it sucks at anything else . I can barely hear anyone when I driving . The menu is a big pain in the ass . Cingular did n't even have anything on this phone , so when I bought it I had to manually enter codes in order to get text messaging and other functions working ... lets put it this way , here I am on Amazon looking to buy a new phone because this one is useless -LRB- and I paid $ 200 for it at a Cingular Store -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE YOU WILL REGRET IT !
 I bought this phone and returned it within one week !! Really bad signal reception . Also , the phone kept ringing even after I disconnected the call . Spoooky ! I do n't know if it was just the phone that I got that was faulty or the model itself.The phone is however trendy and sleek ! Nice to own but not so nice to use . . : -LRB-
 The reception is bad . Callers have trouble getting a hold of me as I have no idea they are calling me because the phone does n't ring . Sometimes I also do n't get voicemails or missed calls until I get someplace where the phone gets better reception . I live in a city area , and have not had these kind of problems with other phones using the same carrier . Also , the speaker is not loud enough even when the volume is at the maximum level . I have trouble hearing people when driving on the highway , and it is impossible to hear anything if in a crowded area . The phone has a lot of features , but they are kind of useless . The rhythm lights do n't make much sense to me , but kids might like them . I do get a lot of compliments on the look of the phone , but that certainly does n't outweigh the fact that I would have better luck making a call with a tin can and string . By the way , the only reason I gave this phone two stars instead of one is because of the included soccer game -LRB- I ca n't stop playing it , it 's very addictive -RRB- .
 This phone looks cool , but man does it suck . Cheap , cheap , cheap , barely useable . Worst sound quality ever .
 i bought this phone , my wife like the looks of it . . but all the functions are worst
 AS A NO FRILLS , BASIC , STAY IN TOUCH DEVICE , THIS PHONE BARELY MAKES THE GRADE.EVERYTHING ABOUT IT RINGS SIMPLICITY.FROM THE WAY TOO SMALL TOUCH KEY PAD TO THE `` DOES IT REALLY GLOW IN THE DARK-BARELY - BACKLIGHT DISPLAY , THI8S PHONE ERUPTS ADEQUACY.DEFINITELY NOT WHAT I WAS SHOPPING FOR BUT THE PRICE SEEMED RIGHT.WON ' T MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN.FOR THOSE OF YOU INCLINED TO BUY ... DO N'T . THERE ARE BETTER VALUES.DO YOUR HOMEWORK .
 I have had 3 of these and the plastic swivel clipsnapped on all three . I would stay away from this piece ofjunk .
 Others have touted all that the I-330 is capable of when it works . Those reviewers who have praised the I-330 have n't owned one long enough.What they fail to mention is how supremely aggravating it is to be stuck with something this expensive when a fatal flaw surfaces . The I-330 is subject to any number of them . I 'd still have a serious bone to pick with I-330s , even if they did n't tend to die in infancy from unknown causes . But their brief life-span alone renders them deplorable.Hasn ' t happened to yours yet ? Quick -- drop everything and HotSync your data . You 're next!Let 's say you 're one of the lucky ones who has n't spent hours trying to set up replacement I-330s that are as faulty as your original I-330 . Guess what ? Even when it is working `` properly '' , you still have to download and install third party email software , because the I-330 's Blazer browser is hopelessly incompatible with Sprint 's own website.Is it Samsung 's fault that the devices do n't work ? I suspect it is all Sprint 's fault . Sprint , whose network the I-330 does n't mesh with . Sprint , who does n't bundle any software solution . Sprint , who did n't even acknowledge the inherent incompatibility . Sprint , who sends out dead-on-arrival replacements . And most importantly , Sprint , who does n't value customers enough to do anything to make amends . Better a less advanced device with a responsive carrier , than a cutting-edge flop -LRB- the I-330 -RRB- with a company that does n't give a rip -LRB- Sprint -RRB- . The I-330 is not for casual users . This is a handset aimed squarely at professionals who will pay a lot in order to get a lot . With the I-330 and especially with Sprint , whatever you pay will be too much .
 I used this headeset for two months and all was well , but then it suddenly stopped working , even though the charging process was OK . When I googled this issue , it turned out this was a common problem with this headset . Highly unrecommended - better save your money for a bit more expensive piece that does work .
 I love this product , but sadly , it has not worked as hoped with the TREO 650I have heard that it works great with Moto phonesHowever , I think that both the Moto 810 and Moto 850 have better volumes , and are both more comfortable and lighter , than this unitIf you must have Moto , then grab a Moto 810 or Moto 850If you want the best , grab a Cardo Scala 500 -- the best bluetooth device for your Treo 650
 I received my bluetooth so excited . It worked ok for ONE day . The next day I woke up , put it on the charger and there was no blue light ! I called Motorola and they said it was defective . They are sending me a replacement , but the model I ordered from here is no longer being manufactured . What a waste of time !
 I chose this unit because the reviews were good and I do n't need the features of the more expensive models . I use a wireless headset on my phone about twice a week so the least expensive model seemed adequate . I do n't know if it is because I do n't use it often enough , but every time I turned it on , I had to go through all of the initial steps to re-establish the phone link . In addition , even though I was very careful to make sure the unit was turned off when I was finished with it , the battery seemed to run down even without use so I was charging it more often than should have been necessary . Now , after only 6 months , it has completely died and will not take a charge or turn on . I have contacted Motorola because it is still under warranty but it is questionable whether they will honor their warranty - they say Amazon is not an authorized dealer.I may have had a defective unit . It happens . But I was not too happy with the quality even when it did work . It was not loud enough even when turned up full volume and I had to push it against my ear to hear well enough . I love the handsfree function and it was comfortable . Next time I will spring for a more expensive unit and buy from an authorized dealer .
 I am very careful with all my electronic toys . My PSP and Black iPOD video have not one scratch ! This little thing felt like it was made out of hollow plastic . It might as well have been . The light slowly got dimmer and dimmer as I charged it and then it just died . I am going to try to see if I could return it somehow but I 'm sure if it 's even possible , it 's going to be a huge hassle . * Sigh . Teaches me to purchase things in a store I can actually drive to in order to exchange items .
 I tried to syns with my Ipad bluetooth even with vendor support to no avail . I return it for credit .
 I must 've used this for ... 3 weeks before I stopped and decided to invest in another headset . I would not recommend purchasing this item . Especially not now-a-days .
 This headset came in on-time . Lightweight enough , but did n't feel substantial enough to me . Connected it to a Motorola Cliq running Gingerbread , but the connection was n't too strong and my conversations were difficult to maintain . Rather than bother with shipping it back , we 're passing it around the family to see who can get good use of it . Price was reasonable ... going with Plantronics HD next time ...
 Piece of junk . I ordered it to replace an H730 my son broke and I have regreted it since then . I had to reorder a new H730 which fits the bill . The HS 820 for some reason stop functioning shortly after I purchased it and I still have it and do not know what to do with it . Let me know if their is something I can do to return it since it only lasted a few months .
 This product was NOT EVEN as advertised ! Bluetooth was chipped and even after three hours was non functioning and never powered up . In the future , I will NEVER buy bulk , especially from THESE guys !! I 'm disgusted that they would even have the audacity to sell such garbage , but I guess you live and learn . Thank goodness I bought another Bluetooth unit from a more reputable seller !! Buyer Beware !!!
 I LOVE this product idea . It is small and very lightweight , you hardly know you have it on , even after several hours . No need to worry about getting tangled in wired headsets . Seems to hold a charge for a good amount of time . It was easy to configure -LRB- you can reverse the volume buttons if you prefer the unit to be on your left ear -RRB- . Useage is easy . Its a little confusing with regards to its operating mode sometimes , but I 'll get used to it . With such a small device , the design must be limited to only a couple buttons . The blue LED is really cool , although it serves no use when the device is on your ear . My only complaint which may cause me to return this is that the person on the other end hears a very annoying echo of his/her voice . I suspect that this is caused by the device being so small the audio is fed back to the microphone . I expect this to be inherent to any similar design . I have tried lowering the volume . That seems to help but if you lower the volume too much , you ca n't hear the other person . Perhaps if some sort of non-conductive sound deadening foam were added , it could absorb the feedback . If I do return it , I will try to find a unit that has the microphone further removed from the earpiece , although that will make the design bigger and perhaps less ergonomic .
 I used it with my Treo 650 and it broke in the 1st 30 days . It may be a good product . I just got a dud . The range and sound quality where pretty acceptable . I could go into another room and it still worked fine .
 I bought this from Amazon . I linked quickly and worked as advertised . I found the various button modes difficult to keep track of and found it a real problem over time.My biggest complaint is that this device is too too quiet at maximum volume . Obviously Motorola did not test their design in a car that had some road noise . I found it only adequate in a quiet room . I suspect it is the fact that the speaker is a long way from the ear canal . I am wondering if an in ear type will be better in the long run.Save you money on this one if you plan to use it in a car . It is fine if your sitting in quiet room .
 At first is was a good headset for the price . Also easy to use , lightweight and comfortable.The bigest flaws of all is the battery life.After 8 months of use it began to have communications problems with the phone . Then I realized that I had to charge twice a day the headset.One month later it completely died.Finally I concluded that this is a disposable headset because if the battery ca n't be changed so you have to buy one every nine months.What are you suppose to do with the headset when it dies ? to throw it away?A waste of money and pollution to the planet .
 While the price is very good , you can get more for your dollar with other models . I previously used a sony-ericcson headset , but this headset is like talking on a speakerphone . The headset is so light that it wo n't stay on your ear well . The speaker on the headset is not loud enough to hear in noisy environments . Do n't be tempted by the price !
 Not a easy to hook on your ear , drop all the time , do n't buy this
 This ear bud was extreemly light and maybe that is the problem . It was so small that it did n't fit my ear well enough to hear . The mic portion did not send good sound to the other party . Probably a fine piece of equipment , but not for me .
 I am not impressed.I do n't know what the other reviewers are smoking . This device does not cancel out background noise . Listeners on the other end say I sound like I 'm in a tunnel . Two strikes.As you can see from the pictures there is quite a distance between one 's mouth and the `` pinhole '' for the internal microphone . There is no way to cancel out background noise lest your own voice be considered to be background noise . This is a design defect in all devices that have a similar design.The earpiece is not suited for driving or walking . The `` ear attachment '' and its hinge is made of flimsy loose plastic . As a result the fit is n't tight enough . I often need to turn my head quickly while driving and it feels like the thing 's going to fly off my head into the back seat . It 's an extremely annoying distraction that you do n't want to have while driving.On the good side , I do n't have any problems hearing and the volume controls are very convenient to use .
 I discovered how poor this unit works when people I was talking to asked me to `` speak up '' or `` can you repeat that ? '' When you turn off your bluetooth headset to use your handset , your purchase is worthless , even if it is only $ 30 .
 This product did n't work at all . I could never get any sound from it . Now I have a Motorola H850 , and it works great ! It 's worth the extra money .
 This thing just does n't work well with the Treo 6501 . it does n't automatically connect , when a call comes , or when a call is initiated2 . the volume is way too lowthe comfort is good , but for the price , there are many BETTER headsets out there -- consider the Cardo Scala , the Jabra JX10 , and the Palm Treo headset - those are your best betshappy shopping !
 This was my first ventrure into Bluetooth headsets , and let me tell you , I was far less than impressed . Out of the package , the headset was difficult at best to set up . First , the power button is the same button as the `` multifunction '' button that is used to start and end calls , activate voice dial , program the unit ... I ended up reprogramming the unit when all I wanted to do was turn it off or on . Pairing was dropped frequently , when used with the motorola bluetooth adapter for motorola non-bluetooth phones . -LRB- these should work seamlessly together since they were designed to be used together -RRB- . Picking up calls was difficult since the headset took 4-6 seconds to activate , so I ended up missing calls since the callers hung up before the headset started.VOLUME . -- What volume ? If you are in an absolutely quiet environment , the MAX setting is about perfect to hear your conversation . Outside of the `` perfect '' environment , the volume is simply too low . -LRB- no , I do not have a hearing problem -RRB- Background noise drowns out the headset rendering it useless unless you cup your hand over the device , and push it up against your ear . However , if you do that , the other party can not hear you since the microphone is also covered . If you try to simply press the headset against your ear with 1 finger , calls were disconnected when the multifunction button was accidentally pushed.IN A CAR - Forget about it ! Can not hear anything at all , even with the headset firmly pressed against your ear . Any engine noise , wind noise or road noise would drown out the headset . I 've tried this in my 350Z , Sienna Van , and a BMW 5 series , and the same results were had in each car.WIND NOISE - any slight breeze , and the other party could not hear my voice.On the good side , the size of the unit is good . it will fit into a shirt pocket when not in use , and it is very light weight and confortable to wear . Charging via the standard motorola charger is a nice plus.Would I recommend this product ... . No .
 I have not received this product yet and I am wondering where it is . I also have not received an e-mail telling me what happened to it .
 i am living in Australia , and the voltage in Australia is 240 not like USA 110 , therefore can this product 's charger using in Australia ? thank you for anyone who can help !!
 This product does not work . I will never shop at Amazon again .
 It worked great while it lasted . One day though it stopped working . The blue light came on and stayed on as long as there was charge in it , and I could n't get anything to connect to it or it to respond to any button presses . My wife and I got free cheapo Jabbra headsets when we bought our phones . I lost mine and got this as a replacement . This died in 8 months . My wife 's cheapo Jabbra has lasted over 2 years .
 the design is great , the comfort fine , but the whole reason you buy this is so you can use it ! cranking up the volume enough so you can hear causes the person you are speaking to on the other end to hear an echo of their own voice coming back to them . i have tried fiddling with the phone volume , a new motorola clamshell , with no luck . the verizon guy in the mall kiosk had no soution either . in fairness , i know other people who like it fine but it has been a dissapointment to me .
 and i 'm fairly disappointed ! i bought this little gem at a cingular kiosk in the mall for $ 80 and i am thinking it 's going back before my 30 days are up ! in summary , considering bluetooth still has some improvements to make , this is just NOT worth $ 80 , period . even if this device worked flawlessly , it might be worth about $ 30 at best.here are my gripes : * it says it has a range of about 30 feet . hmmm ... not really . i am even using this headset with a motorola phone -LRB- V505 -RRB- and i can get about 20 feet away from it at best before the audio quality goes south . not the biggest deal in the world . even when i am close to the phone however , there can be some interferance -LRB- `` crackling '' -RRB- and distortion . usually mild though . it seems like my microwave interferes with it -LRB- when it 's cooking -RRB- ! * does n't fit snugly on my ear . rather , it kind of `` hangs '' there . it does n't have any kind of mechanism for adjustment , so here 's hoping it fits your ear . using this headset while lying down is hard to do ; the device does n't seem to want to stay put . * drops the bluetooth connection every now and again , even when i am at close range.the `` good '' : * looks cool ! ;-RRB- * battery life seems to be pretty good . * small , lightweighti am going to look into some other options . this simply was a waste of money .
 and all of them have proven static prone with my Samsung . I have the new Samsung razor phone , so this maybe a problem with the frequency with the phone and motorola device or possibly just an anomaly with my phone . Nevertheless , beware . The static happened in all environs and distances .
 I bought this and returned it the next day . It , s very light but feels very cheap . I could hear every one on it but they could bearly hear me . If I went out side forget it . I used it with a jabra bluetooth adapter , I thought it maybe that . So We paird it with a motorola V710 what is advertised on the head set box . just as bad plus static and break up . I have tried alot of wired headsets and the ones with the extended mics are I think the way to go . Having a mic in your ear just does not work . I would not recommend this at all . plus it has that crapy charging port that seems to fail on majority of the Motorola phones .
 The headset was not in the original Motorola package . That would have been ok , if the headset worked ! I called Motorola and they agreed that it was defective and gave me a case # so i could return it to Tigerdirect . The lady I spoke with at Tigerdirect was very unprofessional , and acted like I was bothering her by calling . She did not care what was wrong , or why I was calling . She also seemed to care even less when she noticed that I purchased this through Amazon , and not directly from them . I was going to get an exchange with them , but after that experience I 'm just returning it and spending my money elsewhere .
 Using one button for on/off , answer , redial etc. without a way to configure it means that people are often getting accidental calls from me . The volume is not nearly adequate to hear in a car . Comfort is poor .
 PLEASE , PLEASE , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . This is a piece of junk . It sounds like a transistor radio . If you are driving in a car , it is almost impossible to hear . I recommend Motorola H720 . If not this , anything else other than this one .
 Bad Ear Piece Gents ... Not happy . It lasted about a week before it pucked out ! Never again !
 I 've been using this headet for the last week or so and do not recommend it at all.The only good things I can say about it are -LRB- A -RRB- the price and -LRB- B -RRB- the ease with which it connected to my Motorola V710 phone.The bad things are numerous . First , the build quality seems really cheap . The clip that goes behind the ear to actually hold the headset to your ear is flimsy plastic and seems like it would break off in a second . Second , the sound quality -LRB- indoors in a quiet place -RRB- is awful . Even with the volume turned all the way up , people were either saying that I sounded like I was in a barrel or that I needed to repeat myself . From the design , it appears that part of the sound quality problem comes from the fact that this headset is so small that the microphone ends up being too far away from your mouth to really pick up anything.Seems that the microphone would only be good for someone with a small head -LRB- like a teenager -RRB- .
 I bought this along with a T-Mobile RAZR and Amazon thoughtfully provided a code for use at check-out the made this headset free . I 'm glad I did n't pay for it . The fit is ok , the range seems to be fairly good , and it 's nice and light , but the volume is the kicker
 I loved the HS820 when I first got it , but after about two months it was no longer discoverable by either of my Motorola V600 telephones . After spending 45 minutes on the phone with Motorola technical support , trying to make them understand that the device simply was n't being discovered , I was told that there was nothing they could do . I wanted to like this headset , but sadly it 's just a piece of junk .
 Too difficult to hear callers and they complained of hearing echo when talking to me . The hinge used to hook to your ear feels loose all the time . And when you bend over to your side with the headset on , the hinge starts to open and the headset could fall off . Do n't buy . There are better headsets on the market .
 The audio is very soft of this headset . I have to use one hand to push it against my ear each time I want to use it . Also , it is always checking to make sure it is still connected to the phone , so it beeps every 5 to 10 seconds .
 I had high hopes for this product , but the simple fact is the reception is not good . I have to stay very close to the phone if I want decent reception . It works best inside a vehicle with the windows closed . The audio level seems pretty low . I ca n't recommend this .
 Unlike others , there are no volume problems experinced on the receiving end . Once a friend had trouble hearing me , but only once , out of many calls . While I have n't used it outside a ten foot range I have n't had any drops . Wolume is easily adjustable . Initially , I thought I had connectivity problems , but realized that when you are connecting to the phone you hold the button only so long as it takes for the light to flash once . I had been holding the button too long . All in all I am quite pleased and if I could change the number of stars I initially gave to 5 , I would .
 The quality of this product is poor . I get people saying that they hear noise in the background , as if I was under water .
 not as advertised and could not pair with phone , charger cord keep falling out of unit . was something I would never purchase again this Model
 The sound is awful and people ca n't understand what your saying . It was hard to get it to setup on my bluetooth and every time i put it on charge it lost connection with my phone.When trying to turn it off its like the off button would not fuction . I gave it away and went back to the 720 which I have used before and it works great I would not recommend the 820 to no one .
 it worked , i will give it that . but it was very loose on my ear . it felt like it would fall off with any activty . and people could hear me but i couldnt hear them half the time . i bought a new one within 2 weeks .
 I just got this headset and it wo n't charge or turn on . It looks like it has been used or refurbished . I say that because the first Motorola Bluetooth headset I got was from my Verizon store and it worked wonderfully for over a year until I recently lost it . This headset from Amazon looks different and is truly an inferior product . I tried to save $ 20 because Verizon is charging $ 60 . Now I ca n't wait to return this and go to Verizon and pay the extra $ 20 to get one that works . I also called Amazon to file a complaint and suggest that they stop selling this item immediately to avoid more bad customer relations . Listen to all of these BAD reviews and do n't get this from Amazon . I wish I would have done that .
 Motorola should be flogged . In any environment that is not grave yard quiet you need to hold your hand up to your ear and reshape your ear and fiddle with the unit to try to hear . You might as well hold the phone up to your ear ... atleast you would be able to hear without a struggle . I called Bat Wings -LRB- Motorola -RRB- and inquired about optional ear loupes and was told `` one size fits all . '' The morons do n't recognize that the Germans use photographs of ears for identification because there is more variety than there is in finger prints . ONE SIZE FITS ALL !!! Not in shoes , clothes , gloves , underwear or hats !!! Right Motor ONE SIZE FITS ALL ... Motor Morons .
 Zero stars should be a choice . It does n't work with Palm Treo and motorola knows it . They said send it back . That should be on the description .
 My headset died within a week . It took 30 min with Motorola , mostly on hold and navigating voice menu hell , to get a return authorization number . You can not return it with this RAN and you have to pay shipping to send it back . I do n't plan to buy another Motorola product again .
 I just recieved my 820hs unit and having lots of trouble hearing anything from it.Poor volume.I do n't recomend this model to anyone !
 I 've had this headset for about two months now and although it was inexpensive , I wish I would have saved my money and gotten a more expensive one . I have it paired with my LG 8100 . The static is horrible even when the phone is n't 30 yards away . I have the phone right in my pocket ! People on the other end ca n't hear me and I can barely hear them . I always just end up cutting the bluetooth feature off and just putting the phone to my ear . This is my first ever bluetooth headset so I know I will have better luck with the next one I purchase . It could n't possibly be any worse than this . So if you 're interesting in it , please make another selection . Hope this helps : -RRB-
 Sound quality is lacking . I end up using a hand to push the earpiece closer to my ear so I can hear - not exactly hands free . It is comforatble and if you are in really quiet place - it gets the job done .
 This headset is actually not a bad deal but it is not a great deal either . The design of the unit does not lend itself to easy , long-term usage . It constantly falls off my ear and it is a power hog . I once got about 2 hours of usage from this device and that remains the record for battery life -LRB- Oddly , it takes about two hours to charge this battery from empty -RRB- . I am surprised that Motorola could n't get a better battery or somehow get more usage per charge.The upside is that sound quality is great when you can hear people on the other line -LRB- the volume does n't go up very high -RRB- . It 's one-push button operation to answer and hang up calls is great . Though it can sometimes be a little slow to register calls as I have received complaints that it takes me too long to answer the phone.Overall , I like the idea of bluetooth but I have n't found a great headset yet . I would recommend that you keep shopping around and if you do n't find anything else in the price range that you like , buy this one but beware of the limitations.There is one other upside
 I bought this headset to pair up with my new Motorola v600 cell phone . It works okay with only minor static even when 2 feet from the phone , however , the volume of sound this headset is capable of is very poor . Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet , I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying . In the house it works fine as long as the TV is n't on , however , in an automobile or any environment where there is even average background noise , this is a poor performer . Given the price , I definitely do not recommend.As a side note
 Used with a Motorola 815 handsetOthers complain they ca n't hear me.Others complain of an echo.Does not line up in my ear canal , so I often do n't hear very well.When the volume is high , the sound is distorted.My expeience shows battery life to be good.I 'm shopping for a replacement .
 bought this headset for use with my motorola razr v3 phone . i figured sticking with motorola proprietary equipment would be a good idea . i 'm a bit diappointed , though . the performance is mediocre . on occasion it refuses to take a call , it just goes silent , which makes for a mad scramble to turn the thing off to take the call on the handset . no fun . the audio is also not outstanding . i can hear , but even with the volume at the top setting , i am left asking people to repeat themselves occasionally . it also tends to blot out any chance of clear voice transmission in the wind , which is , i suppose , to be expected . my final critique is that the ear loop isnt quite secure . it mounts only on the right ear and doesnt remain steady . if i 'm sitting in my car , using it , it isnt a problem , but with much movement at all it flops out from my ear.perhaps my expectations for such a headset are too high , but this one didnt quite make the mark .
 Worked ok until it stopped charging . Could not be fixed . Bought a different model since this one died so quickly .
 I give this a 1 star only because there was no rating lower than that . The clip which holds the headset to your ear is so loose that you have to hold it to your ear in order to hear anything if you are not in a very quiet environment . The headset is almost unusable in the car as you are holding it against your ear and at the same time cupping your hand around to focus your voice into it so whomever you are taking to can actually hear you .
 I went to my local Best Buy to buy a Bluetooth Headset , and this one is the one I came across . I was impress with it first hand . However , after a month , it stopped working ! I could n't even turn the darn thing on ! I went back to get a replacement . The replacement was n't that much better . At first it worked . After a while , however , I could listen to the other person , but the other person could n't hear me for some odd reason ! I 'm very disappointed considering the fact that this Bluetooth Headset is from Motorola ! Sorry to say , avoid this one at all costs !
 If I had a dollar for every time I wanted to throw this thing under the tires of my truck , I 'd be able to recoup the $ 80 that I spent on it . It 's horrible . Let me say that again . . It 's HORRIBLE . It constantly disconnects from the phone . The battery life is atrocious . The volume is a joke and if I wanted it to actually stay ON my ear , I 'd have to duct tape it in place . Do n't waste your money .
 The product worked for about 6 months then failed to power up . I returned it to Motorola under warranty and got a new one . Six months later , again the unit failed to power up . The volume has been barely adequate when at highway speeds . I recommend avoiding this unit .
 Lasted 3 months , lucky I have two -LRB- charge one , while using the other -RRB- , the units last only for about 2-3 hours of use , hardly good for all day jobs.Like the fit though , but These items need to last the day .
 I stopped using this item after hearing too many people complained they could n't hear me well when I used it . I was n't able to stick with it long enough to know whether it 's very durable .
 This is an AWFUL product . It advertises that it fits on either ear , and it is really only designed for the right ear because the stick part does not rotate around the ear loop to accomodate the other side . Also , everyone you speak to while on this headset will get really frustrated because you sound like you are in a tunnel miles away . Well , you might get frustrated , too , since it means you have to repeat yourself a million times . If you like being frustrated and making returns , then I say go for it ! Otherwise , find something better .
 I recently purchased this for use with my Treo 650 . The sound quality is decent when you are in a really quiet room , but get in a car and all the voices sounded really really faint . Also as far as distance goes , I barely got 5-7ft away , and the sound started deteriorating with static . I do not recommend this product to anyone , and if this best that Bluetooth has to offer , I 'm willing to live with a wired headset .
 I have used both 820 first and then 850 . You get much better voice calarity and do n't have to speak loud when using 850 . Pay slightly more for the 850 , but total worth it over the 820 .
 Hi , I purchased this item andit hung on me withing a week.There seems to be a bug where when you charge the headset it canget stuck in pairing mode and not respond to input . It wo n't turn the light off now and ca n't be used.back it goes to amazon on tuesday !
 Having owned a previous Jabra 250 headset , I must say this Motorola was of piss poor quality . The first and foremost issue is the echo everyone claimed to hear when I used the headset . Furthermore , if the headset was not perfectly directed to your mouth , people could not hear you . Otherwise , the device had stadard consumer electronic build quality i.e. poor build quality . I advise you spend more on a better model or pass on Motorola all together . Have a nice day .
 This product feels flimsy and cheaply constructed at first . That is because it is flimsy and cheaply constructed . Charging up to $ 80 for $ .20 worth of plastic seems like a crime to me . This product is simply not suited to the everyday life that a Bluetooth accessory endures . It worked fairly poorly from purchase , with it 's multi-function button being as finicky as a two year old child . Microphone quality is average . Ear speaker quality is below average . The range from base is quite over stated ; at any more than 10 feet from the phone sound becomes very distorted . I have now owned the product for 3 months , and it has -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- stopped working . I am amazed that it lasted this long . I believe that Bluetooth technology is a boon for the wireless nation . I think that it may even save lives . I also think that Motorola 's entry into this world is an abject failure . A cheap , overpriced piece of garbage . For shame , Motorola . For shame .
 What I dislike on the Bluetooth I bought is that you can not use it on both Ears . Also it does n't fit into the Ear.It also vibrate when you turn it up.Thank you !
 What a big waste of money . The headset is light and easy to use , but what good is it if you ca n't hear anything . If you 're planning on using this in your car , forget about it . It 's not loud enough over the road noise , traffic noise , or your engine noise . I just use my wired earpiece which is at least twice as loud as this POS.What 's up with the 8-page glowing review of this product ? Must be the electrical hobbyist who designed it .
 They say you can walk 30 feet away , it should say 15 because after that it gets statick . Also , driving in the car is horrible . Sure its nice to voice dial -LRB- after 3 or 4 tries -RRB- but the volume is too low . You have to hold the earpiece to your head to have a conversation . I would NEVER buy this junk again .
 this is horrible . ca n't hear out of it . i 've tried with two of these headsets and they blow . do not buy .
 The only reason I gave it two stars was because it actually did free my hands to drive , as I have a standard transmission . The sound does not go high enough , and often the people I was talking to had trouble hearing me.After the first week or two , it would start automatically switching itself off , after and sometimes during a call . And it would lose interface with my handset very often throughout the day , especially while trying to place calls . This created an almost maddening experience.I will definately look elsewhere for my next one .
 Originally tried Motorola HS820 with my Motorola E815 phone . Was happy with it at first . I liked the way it fit on my ear and it was easy to use . However , everytime I used it , the person on the other end would complain about hearing an echo . I tried turning the volume on the handset and headset down , but could not make it go away . I finally concluded that it would be useless if the person I was talking to could n't tolerated the echo.I read reviews on many different headsets , but most of them had complaints about ` echos ' . I really wanted to get a Motorola headset so the chargers for my phone and headset would be compatible . However , based on the reviews I read , I gave up on the Motorolas and tried the Plantronics 510 . I 've had my 510 for about a month now and am very happy with it . The sound quality is great . I do n't believe the person on the other end knows if I 'm talking on the handset or headset . I 've had a couple complaints of an echo when I was talking to someone who normally speaks fairly loud . I had the headset volume louder than it needed to be . Once I turned to volume down a tad , they said the echo went away . This headset is definitely louder than the Motorola - probably because of the way the earbud fits in your ear -LRB- which is probably why the echo is n't a problem - the sound from the earbud does n't reach the microphone -RRB- . I still prefer the way the Motorola fit on my ear and the way the buttons felt . The buttons on the 510 are n't as easy to use , but they are tolerable . In the end , the sound quality is probably most important and the 510 's is great .
 I use the headset for driving , mostly highway , 25K miles/yr . Volume is VERY poor at 65 mph in a '04 Passat . It 'd be OK for city driving -LRB- all windows up please ! -RRB- . Other features are fine , including extremely light weight and battery life . If you will only use ocasionally while driving , you 'll be fine .
 This headset is simply unusable in noisy environments . I have found it nearly impossible to use while driving because I have to keep my hand cupped over my ear just to hear the other person . So much for `` hands-free '' . Using the headset in busy airports or on buses is impossible . You just ca n't hear . I also received several complaints from the people on the other end of phone calls saying the singal was terrible . I used to have a Sony bluetooth headset that worked wonderfully . The HS820 can not even come close .
 the headset only works 1 month and later not working , no have damage , just no have sound , i need help please .
 This item was shipped and to my knowledge was `` as described '' in the description , until recently when I looked closer to see a `` REFURB W '' stamp on the underside of the ear piece . I am well beyond any time frame for returns or exchanges at this point , and am VERY disappointed with Amazon and TigerDirect for not monitoring more closely the products they sell . Selling a refurbished item as new is simply wrong .
 i used this headset with my mac book pro to talk via skype . it worked well for about two months and then just completely stopped working . i would not recommend this product .
 The headset does n't fit in your ear . So unless you are in a very quite environment , you 'll have a hard time hearing anything . It was almost useless in a car . Battery life was normal . One positive , it did seem to pair quickly with my IPAQ h6510 , but there was huge delay when answering calls . Overall you could buy a better product for the same amount of money .
 I can hear well -LRB- unless there is any outside noice -RRB- but people ca n't hear me on this unit . I now have to buy a competely different unit . There is no way I could use this for business .
 I recomend to buy other brand this one is not good , in less that 3 month the battery life last only 2 hrs . -LRB- BAD -RRB-
 The voice reception with this headset was just ok . Sometimes people on the other side had trouble hearing me sometimes especially when driving . I also get a tingling sensation around my ear and a mild ache in the outer part of my ear everytime I use it . It may be something to do with the design of the head set . Research has never proved any connection between using wireless or bluetooth and the impact on your nerves/brain , and I have to believe them ... It 's weird though that I get always get a tingling , achy sensation if I use a cell phone continuously for more than an hour but with the bluetooth I get the same sensation in about 20 minutes . So try as I might , I can not wear it for prolonged periods of time . After I used this headset for about 2 months it just died on me ! I used to charge it once every week and never left it on the charger for long periods - only till the blue light went off to show it had finished charging . I did this as other reviewers had warned against over-charging . However , now the headset just died ... after 2 months . I called Motorola and they agreed to replace it . It takes about 10-14 days from the time you send it in to get a new one . I 'm waiting for the replacement to come back . Who knows how long this one will last !
 There is only one way the charger fits into the headset , so I know that I am not doing it wrong . The light lights up as if it is charging , but sometimes it does n't actually charge .
 I 've had 3 of these now . I like them I think the sound is good and the weight is light . They are easy too setup and use . The charger goes in upside down to what you would think and if you put it in wrong you end up breaking the connections and it no longer works . This happened to two of them . The last one just stopped working for no apparent reason . I tried to charge it and it did n't charge ! I would try a different headset next time .
 After doing research on other blue tooth headsets it appeared that the Motorola HS820 was the one for me . It was light weight and easy to use and program however , when I called people I could hear the other person okay , but they could not hear me at all . Everyone said it sounded like I was really quiet and far away . You had to scream when you were talking ! I ended returning the product and buying a different model . I would be hesitant to buy this model again .
 The quality of this blue tooth is not as I expected it from a reknowned company . The sound quality is bad and there is no noise cancellation . I could not hear people and people could not hear me clearly . A lot of static kind of noise . Do not recommend to anyone .
 It is difficult to hear callers on this bluetooth headset , even with the volume at max . Do n't buy !
 This thing is just not what I thought it would be , I use it with my LG8100 cell , It looks good but that 's all I can say good about it . EVERYBODY tells me that I sound like I 'm in a bottle , or there is a repeat echo the receiver hears when they speak or they hear static , I have returned it to verizon twice , First time they said it was a bad set , the second time they took in the back and said they fixed it ... well it still s ___ ks.Any suggestions ?? What a waste of moneyAGM
 1 star is generous !! I was extremely dissappointed when I bought this handsfree . It is the worst handsfree I have ever used ! First , you can hardly hear because the actual `` earpiece '' is not actually `` in '' your ear . Second , for people with small ears , like me , it does n't even stay on . I have to hold the earpiece to my ear to hear the person on the other end and to keep it from falling off . Does n't that defeat the purpose of having a handsfree ? These earpieces are so expensive they should at least design them better ! I have never had a problem with Jabra and I should have never switched to this useless waste of hard-earned money !!!
 Functionaly the headset works fine , however the volume is very weak . If you spend alot a time at airports or places with a bit of background noise I would avoid this headset .03 / 05 , Headset died , now I would rate it 0 : - -LRB-
 I had this unit for less than a month and one of the gold charger connectors already came out and I was told that it is damaged and not covered under warranty so it 's useless . My Motorola E815 phone used the same charger , but the connectors are surrounded by plastic so they ca n't move , where the headset 's connectors are set alone and easy to break .
 I purchased this product and had to return it because it was defective . The second product kept cutting off in the middle of my conversation , would n't hold a charge , the person I was having a conversation with could barely hear me , and overall it was just a bad product . I would n't recommend for anyone to buy this .
 I have had two of these headsets . I bought them because the price was right . Sound quality and useability turned out to be fine , but both quit taking a charge after 1yr + / - .
 This headset seems to work fine , but the audio quality is nothing to write home about , to the person on the other end of the line you will sound soft and like you are talking on a speakerphone . They will also hear a lot of background noise . I am much happier with the Cardo Scala 500 Bluetooth headset . It has much better audio quality and even comes with more stuff for about the same price.And , you may not really * need * a wireless bluetooth headset because you can just use a wired one or use your speakerphone . But I admit that it 's sort of cool to be totally wireless-you can put the phone in your pocket or purse and be totally unencumbered by wires , which feels a bit safer and freer , especially while driving or when you have to work with both hands and talk at the same time for example.A note about the battery-do not store this unit -LRB- or your phone -RRB- in a hot car ! Heat damages batteries and shortens their lifespan .
 I bought this as a gift for my friend and he had to return it because the volume was too low . Nothing he did would increase the sound . Only while in a quiet place can he hear the conversation and then it sounds like the person is in a tunnel . In his car , it was impossible to hear anything . This I can verify since he was talking to me and kept asking me to speak up . So , the product went back to Tiger Direct . The store was very good about it and returned my money with no problems .
 Pros
 It worked fine the first few months . Now the battary well not hold the charge and the distence suffered for some resson . I 've heard a good review for the billtronic so I think I 'm heading that route .
 I 've had this headset for over a year , but I rarely use it for the following reasons
 I had to return the product because I had to 're - pair ' my phone and the earpiece every time I turned off the earpiece . I have just received a replacement and it appears to have the same problem . The only reason that I gave it a 2 vs. a 1 or a 0 is because it works ; however , it is annoying and sometimes unsafe to have to go through all the steps each time to get a connection .
 when i first got this device , i thought it was the greatest invention , its great when you are driving.the big problem is when you call someone , they can not hear youso they hang up on you , also you have to speak loudly .
 Hello ? Hello ? BEEP -LRB- searching for bluetooth signal ... searching for bluetooth signal -RRB- ... this is , however , the slickest looking piece of garbage I ever bought !!
 While I like the size and shape of this bluetooth , I find that there 's a problem with it holding a charge . I charge it overnight , then go to turn it on the following afternoon , and there 's no power .
 The sound is crackly , not crisp , every time I try to talk on this headset it is as if I am speaking through a badly configured digital filter . I end up having to semi-shout so that the sound carries all the way from my mouth to my ear . Also , the fact that this product requires yet another wall charger just makes it that more ridiculous . I 'm constantly reaching to use this , but then realizing that it is n't charged . keeping track ot one battery -LRB- phone -RRB- is difficult enough , now this thing?Save yor money , by one of those hands free headsets that connects with a wire .
 This is my third bluetooth headset and it is the worst I have had . It does n't hold a charge for more than a couple of days and it will power off by itself without pushing any buttons even when the battery has just been fully charged . If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking , this is n't it .
 I bought the HS820 to go with my Motorola V3 RAZR which I 've complained about elsewhere . The headset was my first Bluetooth headset and my first over-the-ear headset . I never liked over-the-ear units before and I still do n't find them all that comfortable but I got over that . My first gripe is that I do n't think the volume is high enough for my use in an econobox car that has lots higher pitched background noises-especially at highway speeds . Then after three months of use I noticed a marked reduction in battery life and the charge port started to wear out so I could n't get a good connection to the charger -LRB- which does n't help run times -RRB- . I use other Bluetooth devices now and after almost a year of use , my HS820 will no longer take a charge and is dead . Hey , at least it 's light and looks cool on the counter .
 It came broken . I called that day and got a return number . I mailed it back the next day and I still do not have my money back .
 This was my first bluetooth head set and I was not impressed . The sound was very tiny , volume was poor , and it broke within 2 weeks due to the motorola power interface being so tight that while inserting the male end into the device it bent the internal contacts.Now I see why this model was on sale when I bought it.Only think I liked was its size and confort while wearing it .
 Okay , I love my bluetooth enabled PDA/Phone combination ... it 's just a little too clunky to be bringing it to places like the mall , or the like , so I have a barebones cellie to use for just that situation . Since I have the bluetooth headset , I decided to buy the adapter for my Motorola V300 phone . It worked fine , it does what says it 's supposed to do , wireless headset connectivity.It works , it does exactly what the box says with audio and data , but when using audio , it 's a bit shoddy . The sound is n't clear like with my PDA , and the attachment gets in the way all the time . Overall , it serves it 's purpose , it does what it needs to do , not very well implemented , and a bit shoddy in quality . I expected a little more from Motorola .
 My v60s is an awesome phone , only thing I wished it had was built in Bluetooth . There was no way I was going to touch a V710 with its `` compatability '' issues , so I saw this item last summer and thought I had found the holy grail . No such luck.I am unable to make the phone reliably work with my Jabra BT250 headset nor work at all with my Apple Powerbook and Sony Clie for cellular data connections . The manual is near worthless . All in all I am very dissatisfied . Motorola needs to go back to the drawing board for all their Bluetooth products.UPDATE
 Unfortunately , someone forgot to put in the product description the fact that this adapter DOES NOT FIT ALL MOTOROLA PHONES . I have no idea if it works because the thing would n't even plug into my I315 phone . Will think a little harder next time I may want to order ANY electronics from Amazon or Motorola . The tiny bit of money saved is n't worth the headache I 've gotten trying to figure out exactly what adapter it 's going to take . I recommend buyers go straight to the source and maybe THEY can tell you if the thing will even fit your phone .
 The headset is easy to use , holds a charge but I consistently got complaints about the voice quality . This was especially true in the car but that is when I need to use the headset . I had to quit using it and am now looking for another brand .
 My first unit was DOA . It was replaced by Amazon without any hassles . This unit has troble keeping its bond with the phone . The sound fron the ear piece is not clear . I would n't but this one again .
 This bluetooth i got because i thaught is will be good but not good design , not good fitting , not good clear voice and communication , not good range should be 30 feet but is quit working at 15 feeti wont ' t get this for even free .
 Bluetooth technology is a great idea , but this one does not have enough volume . It is too hard to hear when you are on a highway with any wind noise at all .
 HS820 works but volume levels are low . In a quiet room the levels are acceptable however in a noiser environment poor . The headset looses connection with the handset repeatedly over the course of the day . Also the SLVR had to be power cycled to reconnect to the headset some times . The blue LED is very distracting . Overall an inexpensive headset whose 29.99 price is really what it should be and never higher .
 the earpiece looks good , but would n't establish a link with my phone . I have a motorola razor from verizon . the phone just did n't detect it at all . could n't get it to work no matter what i did .
 Hi All , Looks like the bluetooth is used one . The shipping package is too bad . its not showing any company motorola name on the package . i am not satisfied with amazon is selling like this .
 Opened package with new Blackberry and tried to charge the Bluetooth headset . Blue light would not come on and contacted Motorola for help . They advised that the only answer was to return the headset for a new one -- different type since they do n't make this one any longer .
 I thought a bluetooth headset would take over like a normal headset would -LRB- Let 's say , taking over all sound , like mp3s on my Treo 650 -RRB- . Guess I was wrong . On the descripition it also said you could turn off the bright blue light , but now I guess that 's just turning it off so you ca n't hear anything ... not cool . They really ought to tell people that it DOES N'T do everything a regular headset will . For me it 's going back and I 'll deal with the cord .
 very poor connectivity . I would be so thankful to Amazon if they can give my money back .
 This headset worked really well for me - good volume , clear , very little wind noise . Then it suddenly stopped charging . Motorola replaced it under warranty with another model but I 'm not as happy with it .
 Works okay , but has a very loose fit for me . Buy plantronics 655 or something in the same series - plantronics fits well , works well , and sounds great for user and person called .
 This died after 6 months and Motorola replaced with another model that was worse . Warranty replacement process took a long time.I am comparing against the IOGear that I ended up purchasing . The motorola just did n't sound as clear to me or the person on the other end .
 The product worked for about 6 months then failed to power up . I returned it to Motorola under warranty and got a new one . Six months later , again the unit failed to power up . The volume has been barely adequate when at highway speeds . I recommend avoiding this unit .
 I was severely underwhelmed by this headset . My old Logitech was much more comfortable and easier to use but it broke . I returned this one after a week and ended up with a Plantronics set that is way better .
 You ca n't use this headset while driving because it does n't transmit sound well . If you use use this headset to call landline , it 's quite acceptable , however , if you use this headset to call cell phone , it 's very annoying .
 I ordered this item . It came on time , but never worked . I am a bit skeptical of this product .
 I am not impressed.I do n't know what the other reviewers are smoking . This device does not cancel out background noise . Listeners on the other end say I sound like I 'm in a tunnel . Two strikes.As you can see from the pictures there is quite a distance between one 's mouth and the `` pinhole '' for the internal microphone . There is no way to cancel out background noise lest your own voice be considered to be background noise . This is a defect in all devices that have a similar design.The earpiece is not suited for driving or walking . The `` ear attachment '' and its hinge is made of flimsy plastic . As a result the fit is n't tight enough . I often need to turn my head quickly while driving and it feels like the thing 's going to fly off my head into the back seat . It 's an extremely annoying distraction that you do n't want to have while driving.On the good side , I do n't have any problems hearing and the volume controls are very convenient to use .
 I bought the headset and it would not allow me to answer the phone . It also had alot of static and noise . Do Not Buy ...
 Please be advised that I ordered Blue tooth for a Motorolla phone and my current phone is a Nokia , the error was on my end.I would like to know if I can return the Motorola and replace or oder a nokia -LRB- Model 6102i , Type
 This came free with my order for a Razr from Amazon . I was able to pair it with my cell phone and my PC -LRB- for use with Skype -RRB- without too much difficulty . Getting it connected to either device was a confusing process . The documentation was n't much help . I think the people who wrote it were even more confused than I was . However , once connected , it worked perfectly . The sound quality was better than any corded headset I 've ever used . Then after one week , it died - completely unresponsive . I called Motorola and the person I talked with had problems understanding the difference between a headset and a telephone . Finally , when she realized I had had it for only a week , she suggested I return it to the store where I bought it . Now I 'm waiting to see how good a job Amazon does of resolving this .
 I tried many things , and could never get this to successfully pair with any of my cell phones . I should have returned it when I had the chance . Maybe it 's defective . I have another Motorola headset and know how to pair that one ; this one does not respond to the same steps . Useless waste of money .
 It would n't hold a charge almost from the start and then the volume button quit working . Add to that a giant , blinking , blue light on the side . If you have it on at night you worry that airplanes will land on your head . Whomever invented the `` on '' light should be shot . You know how you can tell if it 's on ??? It 's working !!!!
 Bought this unit to get rid of the dangling cord I use to attach to my verizon phone . When it was time to renew and I got my new verizon I was convinced by the salesman that this new bluetooth wireless unit was the way to go . I agreed . EVERYONE complains that there is an echo . They can hear an echo of their voice . A real nuisance . From the receiving end it is an excellent unit I can hear who ever I am talking to loud an clear . But the other end is just a bummer . I would not buy this unit until either verizon or motorola figure out why this happens . Very disatisfied .
 I bought this HS820 & Motorola V360 . Before that I was using SonyEricsson T610 and Jabra headset.Pros : . Impressive look . Lightweight . Low priceCons . Ca n't hear clearly while drivingI use headset mainly while driving , and it fails there miserably . Time to throw this HS820.I am switching back to Jabra headset .
 I 've used a number of Bluetooth headsets and this is among the worst . The sound quality is low , especially outdoors , and there is quite a bit of static even when within a few feet of the phone . The volume is poor - even with the volume cranked up to the top I could barely hear the other party indoors and outside -LRB- with any background noise -RRB- it was almost impossible . This is the result of the earpiece resting outside the ear rather than within the ear -LRB- earbud style -RRB- . The microphone is far enough from one 's mouth that it is difficult for the person with whom you are speaking to hear you.The fitting of the earpiece is also slightly uncomfortable , especially if you wear glasses , but not as bad as some others I 've tried . It does not flop around much under normal circumstances . I was also disappointed that this uses a proprietary power connector rather than mini-USB like the older H500 , which would have made it easier to charge with the same charger as my Razr.I thought this headset would be adequate for the price , but for someone who is serious about using a Bluetooth headset on a regular basis I 'm going to recommend either the Jabra BT500 or BT250 . I 've used those in the past and found them much better overall , and worth the extra price .
 I returned this item as soon as I got it because even with the volume turned all the way up the headset was n't loud enough for any conversation outside of a sound-proof booth . The device did not rest on the ear very securely either , I always felt like it was going to fall off at any moment .
 I bought it as gift . I got sick of my friend talking to me on her muddled speakerphone so I figured it would be good for both of us . $ 30 , ca n't go wrong right ? Well when you hear your voice echo back to you after every sentence you will regret buying this headset . I should have payed attention to the other similiar reviews on here . Trust me , no BS , the echo is bad . Very annoying . Not sure if 850 has this issue but the 820 sure does . The price is great but I wish I spent more and got one that did n't echo .
 Volume !!! - I can barely hear it when I drive.Sometimes it makes my RazrV3m disconnect . . I do n't know it 's my Razr has problem or what ... I 'd rather go Jabra ?? -LRB- my friend has one but I do n't know the model No . -RRB-
 This is one of the worst things I have ever spent money on ... I ca n't even use it anymore ... You ca n't hear the person talking to you not even from close proximity even 2 feet ... and your voice to the other person you are talking keeps going in and out constantly ... HORRIBLE !!!! DO N'T EVEN BOTHER UNLESS YOU LIKE THROWING YOUR MONEY DOWN THE TOILET ... IF SO THAN THIS IS FOR YOU !!!!!
 Dose n't even stand for 15 minutes . Need to have a separate charger for the mobile and headset , trickier marketting strategy , but no good to buyer , 2 chargers @ car and 2 chargers @ home . Razar family looks sexy just like Microsoft windows , but no good brain . I wish Amazon should consider adding a `` 0 '' rating in the `` How do you rate this item '' drop down box .
 this unit has poor volume quality , poor connectivity with phone and the earstrap has fallen apart and no amount of crazy glue or other adhesives will secure it . In short this unit is headed for the trash . I noticed that Motorola uses the same earstrap on other models , so be aware .
 The device worked very poorly . Most people felt like they were on a speakerphone . The device also flapped against my face with any movement .
 This device is very compact and incredibly lightweight . It feels so much like a toy at first I thought I had purchased a display model by accident . Its ' small size and presumably few internal components is also detrimental to its ' performance . I used it for a week . Every caller said I sounded as though I was talking as normal . They would hear an echo of their own voice however , delayed a fraction of a second , which they found very annoying . A short term fix is to lower your earpeice volume , and you can see the downsides of that . Well , when my girlfriend is not happy then I 'm not happy , back it goes . Sorry , Motorola , nice try though . If irritated callers are not a problem for you , then this is a great product . It 's easy to sync , easy to use , and voice recognition works just as great with the headset as without -LRB- on my e815 -RRB- .
 worked fine for about one month , then for no reason stopped working . Light turns on when charging . But no response after that.This is my first bluetooth , so no comparision data . Sounds quality not bad . Ear hook too loose for me .
 I was very happy when i tested my hs-820 , everything seemed fine until everyone i talked with started to complain about the same problem
 Seemed to work well for three days . I have n't experienced the wind problem , but have n't had time . After three days ? Dead !! Checked the net . Seems like there may be a quality control issue . I thought I may have fried it by mixing up chargers ; I also have a Motorola phone . Motorola tech support assured me this was OK -LRB- it 's designed to work with either charger -RRB- . While it seemed to work well for the three days it worked , I have this knitt about quality . It should work longer than three days . If it were a one off , that would be one thing , but a quick google shows I 'm not the only one . I just ca n't recommend something when it breaks that quickly . Whatever happened to quality . And instructions ? Very few . I guess they figure with three buttons , it ca n't be that hard . Replacement ? Sure . NP , but go to Verizon first because it will be faster than going to the manufacturer . Sorry to vent , but it broke quickly and at an inconvenient time . If I 'm wrong and my negative experience was a `` one off , '' my rating of `` 1 star '' will average out of the picture for this unit . If I 'm right , it 'll score low for some time until they get the kinks out or try to come out with a new `` model '' to restore the product 's reputation .
 Well , like many others , I also have to complain about the echo that callers hear . I paired this headset with a Motoroloa E815 . You would think Motorola headsets would work best with their own phones . I went to a Verizon store to discuss the problem . It turns out that during our testing , the echo was most prevalent when the caller was another Verizon cell phone . Landline calls did not hear the echo . I had the same problem with TWO other headsets
 I received this from Amazon in a baggy with all of the accessories jammed inside , not a retail packaging . I charged it for about four hours and paired it with my RAZR V3 . I made my first call and it was very staticy , and it dropped . I made my second call and it was staticy , and put my phone down by my side and the display came up and said it was out of range and to switch back to handset , and dropped calls . 1 FOOT RANGE ? I tried another few calls , and they were all terrible . Sent Back . Junk .
 a couple problems with this headset , when using it with the Treo 650 -1 . it does not automatically connect when a call is received or initiated2 . the volume is way too lowcheck out the Jabra JX10 , Cardo Scala , or Palm Treo headset -- there are too many great headsets out there , to settle for this onehappy shopping !
 I ended up replacing this unit with another . It simply does not have enough volume for me . I drive a fairly nice vehicle that is quiet on the highway but this thing is not powerful enough to even overpower the road noise .
 It simply does not work as advertised . There was nothing wrong with the seller 's shipment ; just the Motorola HS820 Bluetooth Headset was either faulty or just not as advertised .
 Unless you 're willing to constantly charge this item and have no problem in re-setting your cell phone to recognize the headset with every use , you should n't waste your money on this item !
 I feel it is not user friendly , it get disconnects by it self most of the times .
 This item stopped working after the first week ! It will not charge ... the charge light will not come on when I plug it in . This is very disappointing ... I guess you get what you pay for . I will most likely not purchase a product from this sight again , unless something is done ... I did not keep the receipt , because I did n't think anything would go wrong ... silly me !
 Ordered this on the advice of a friend who received one with her phone during a promotion . After charging it up and turning it on the first thing that annoyed me was the flashing blue light on the outside of the unit whether it was in use or not . I remedied by gluing some black paper over it so the light was barely visible . Then the actual sound that came out of it is barely audible at full volume . Even in a quiet car the noise from engine , wind , etc. make it impossible for anyone on the other end of the call to hear you talking . Even at home if the TV is on low volume the other party can not hear me very well . Overall , not impressed and do not recommend buying the Motorola HS820 .
 I purchased two of the headsets from Amazon . The finsih is nicely done on these . The buttons are very conviently located and there is no searching for them as on other headsets . You really cant feel the weight on your ears as they are very light . The product does hold onto your ear securley , and comfortably so long as there is not wind gusts . My only dislike about this product is that the speaker volume was not very loud for me . I have an inear Jabra and the volume is twice as loud as these Moto 's . This is the only downside to this product in my oppinion . Reception on the other end was fair .
 I purchased this headset because it seemed like a very good deal . Once I got it home the problems began . It paired very nicely with my Razr V3c , but after that everything went downhill . It dropped numerous calls , would n't stay on my ear , and died very quickly . I decided to send it back for a full refund afterwards . I do n't think I need a bluetooth headset that bad .
 I had to keep syncing it with phone and not even a month later it quit working . It wo n't do anything at all .
 I would recommend getting another headset , or live with your earbud before getting this product , unless you are always in a very quiet environment.I have had mine for about a year , and it 's great . It works a fair distance from the phone , not too far , so it 's put to excellent use in the car , or in a small office or cubicle.It 's light , comfortable , and easy to setup/configure . Mine had the occasional issue of not connecting the phone once in a while , so I had to stop & start the bluetooth service on the phone , then turn on the headset and the headset would be recognized . Not sure if that 's a fault of the phone , the headset or the technology , so I wo n't hold that against the headset ... The greatest fault of the product is that it 's volume is way too low . I never found a reason to use anything but maximum volume . And even at maximum volume , I needed it to be almost completely quiet . Not for the user on the other end of the conversation , but for me to hear them.The sound that I head , and that the other end heard were both very clear . Now if was loud enough for you to understand ! : - D
 I purchase this product because it was on sale and needless to say you get what you pay for . The plastic ear peice that holds it on to your ear does n't fit well and feels like it is going to fall off . The connection is n't all that great either . If your looking for something to work properly and without a fuss this is n't the product you want .
 I 've using the Motorola HS820 bluetooth headset for over a month now . I must say that it is far from the best in the market . It is firstly not very comfortable on your year neither is too light . It was designed only for the right ear , so say u 've been talking for long using ur right ear and u wan na shift it to ur left , u ca n't ! The most disappointing feature in the phone is the clarity which very very bad . . What the other person says seems unclear and incoherent . I got this product free with my purchase of the phone but if you otherwise wan na purchase the product , i recommend u do n't .
 I returned this item and then paid more for a Jabra -LRB- half as much as the 820 here on Amazon -RRB- at a retail location where I could test these puppies out . The echo is not an acceptable flaw and people will become tired of listening to themselves twice on the other end . Yes , the problem is that the mic and the earpiece are so close together , so buy one that is n't . The Jabra 's look a bit funny but do not have the Big Borg flashing light . Terrible design functionally although esthetically futuristic . For model comparison I used the 820 on a BlackBerry 7100 series .
 Echo problem . Ca n't hear it on my end when I 'm talking through the earpiece , but others get echoing on their end when they talk . My brother has one of these . It works flawlessly . I never hear echoing on my end when I talk on a phone to him . So I bought one for my Motorola Razr . Others were complaining about the echoing . Bought it online and the company caringly replaced it for me . 2nd unit-same problem . I 'm beginning to believe it 's luck of the draw with these . I 'll be going to a local store to get one now and do more trial and error . If I get one that works , I 'll love it . Size is great . Comfortable to wear . Features are pretty easy to work . ----- LATER ----- Finally got one that works . My best advice on this unit is to buy it from a Local Bricks and Mortar store that will exchange or refund . I had to go through 2 bad units -LRB- echo problems -RRB- tested on 2 different model cell phones , then number 3 worked right out the box . Unfortunately , the first 2 were from an online vendor who , now refuses to refund our money . Something like this , spend a little more and buy from the local store.Charges quickly . Works fairly easy . Has a few quirks that I can live with , but wish volume level would go higher on my end as I sometimes have to strain to hear callers . Other than that , very pleased with it . A very worthy accessory for hands free communicating .
 I purchased the Motorola HS820 as my first bluetooth headset based on price and reviews . I was impressed with the clarity and compatibility w / my Motorola SLVR , however the earpiece did not have a tight fit . No matter how I postition it , it felt loose and often just fell right off my ear . I returned it hoping to find a headseat that had a good fit .
 It 's a great deal , so i jumped on it . But was truly disappointed . I 've so far summed up Motorola products as well really really poor . I own a Razar , wish i could return that ! But this headset , thinking it 's from motorola would work well with my phone , but no . It 's on my belt clip , and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away , signal is weak , and then disconnets . To me that 's strange . It 's also surprising that this happens randomly , so it 's kinda annoying , b/c you ca n't anticipate it . Kinda annoying when driving , b/c you rely on the headset to work properly . Also get the static noise which is weird , b/c it should n't do that . especially when driving .
 And that 's the only good thing I can think to say about this piece of $ 59 junk . At $ 29 now , it seems like agreat deal for a piece of junk.Flimsy . It swings rather than stay in place for a loose fit.Cheap . I broke off a piece the first week I had it , but luckilythat part still stays put.The worst part is trying to use it as a headset.People ca n't hear me , there is an occasional echo on my end , the usual wind tunnel complaints , and I usually wind up putting in my free wired earbud before I get a `` Finally , I can hear you ! '' response . I use it when I am talking to people I do n't mind annoying with the various problems . `` Can you hear me now ? ''
 Wrestling with the recharging plug , made this item useless within days . When it worked , it had to be held to the ear for better communication ... I may as well hold a phone to my ear .
 I purchased this product for my Verizon phone as a replacement for another Bluetooth headset -LRB- same manufacturer -RRB- that also echos . Everyone I call complains -LRB- incessantly -RRB- that all they can hear is their voice echoing back . I am unable to have a conversation . I enjoy the handsfree capabilty , but I hate the complaints . Now I just have to find a `` good '' Bluetooth .
 My doctor tells me I have excellent hearing , so I feel confident saying this thing is near-impossible to use in a loud environment . I do n't like the way it adheres to my ear , and worst of all I find myself having to re-sync it to my device two or three times a day -LRB- though that may be the device it connects to , my Treo 650 -RRB- .
 Protect yourself from aggravation . This devise produces nothing but noise to people you try converse with . I could hear them fine , but they only heard a static noise . After two days I decided to return it back to Amazon .
 I was shocked that when I received it , it has no packaging whatsoever except the shipping box . How can Amazon sell an OEM item without spelling it out clearly ??? Amazon really terrible .
 I used have one of this earpeice 2 years ago and I lost it , so I ordered this since this is much much cheaper than my previous one.Different from the previous peice , this item came in with extremely cheap package and it 's sound quality is worse than my previous one . My friends complained about the ECHO and noise sometimes so I suspect if this is actually a refurbed one . Sometimes the manufacturer sell such items for much less with simplized packaging .
 I bought this bluetooth to go with my Treo and I was disappointed . Maybe its what you get for that price . There was so much disturbance and the sound quality was so bad that I have to stop using it .
 This piece was working fine for two months . . then just stoped working for no reason ... The light wont turn on when i plug in the charger so i know it 's the unit ... Will be sending it back and buying a better brand
 The good
 I purchased this bluetooth headset after reading many reviews of many different headsets . But , unfortunately , there are some things you ca n't find out about a product untill you use it yourself . I was so excited when I first started using it because the voice quality on my end was excellent ! I actually preferred it to my phone . It was very comfortable to wear as well . But everyone kept saying , `` I ca n't hear you . '' I could put my hand up to my face for the sound to bounce off and they could hear me much better . . but that kind of defeats the hands free feature , does n't it ?! So , I 'm back to square one in search of a better bluetooth and afraid of getting burnt again .
 Will not connect to phone , junk , AT&T ; Tech could not get it to connect either.Should have know it would be junk when it arrived in a zip lock baggie instead of Motorola Packaging.Live and learn !!!
 Granted its a cheap headset , but its not worth the money - useless with any background noise such as while driving a car on the highway .
 Concerning the Motorola HS820 bluetooth :1 -RRB- I have use this model before and it worked fine .2 -RRB- I purchased this model again for a new cellphone.PROBLEM
 I was replacing a Plantronics 220 that had given me 3 years of faithful service with this Motorola . Out of the box , the charger connector was too loose to keep a tight connection so had to be placed `` just so '' . After full charge it took several tries to pair the set to my phone . Volume was good , but none of the several options using the multi button could be accessed . No voice dial could be used ; no redial function and if you pressed the function button a `` hair '' too long the headset muted itself . It took deleting it from the phone , re-pairing the set . Seems this `` New '' motorola bluetooth is either defective or a return that was placed back into service and sold as new.I am ordering a Plantronics and will not take the time to get an RMA . Not worth my time and trouble . Sad for the dealer that sold this junk and Motorola for poor product.btw , my phone is a Motorola Razr V3 , a perfect match for the HS820 headset ; so I was told . NOT ! Do not buy this headset ...
 It wo n't work with my phone . After 2 hours , I got it to connect , but it wo n't answer when I get calls or turn on when I want to make them . Plus there were obvious scuff marks on the device . It 's made of cheap plastic and the charger has the old-fashioned two-prong adaptor . I 'm going to start looking for a better device ... especially one that charges with the universal USB adaptor so I do n't have to carry multiple cords with me .
 1 -RRB- It does n't fit tightly on my ear . I nod my head and it falls down . It seems like it 's designed for bigger ears .2 -RRB- After using it lightly for over 2 weeks , it broke . When I answered a call , all I heard was a buzzing sound . The person at the other end could hear me , but I could n't hear him .3 -RRB- The headset came in a small plastic bag . No retail box . It seemed like cheap quality and like straight from the Asia.But during the time it was working , it provided good volume , I could hear the conversations & the mic worked great .
 This was the first bluetooth I purchased and I was very unhappy with the following :1 . The biggest problem is that it does n't stay on your ear.If you move your head at all the unit comes off .2 . The next and almost biggest problem is you ca n't hear anything -LRB- volume way to low - even with no outside noise -RRB- I just received the Plantronics Explorer 320 and so far its 100 % better and that 's based on the fact it fits in your ear very well and the volume is also 100 % better than the Motorola 820
 Works pefect if the phone is within 5 ft of the bluetooth headset . Otherwise its garbage .
 This unit was sold as `` new '' but when it arrived the box looked like it had been opened and taped shut . The instructions say to plug unit A into unit B and assemble by attaching unit C. My box contained only A and C , no B , so it was returned for credit -LRB- I had to pay the return postage -RRB- . I will never order from this supplier again .
 This product has done nothing to curb our pest issues in our backyard area . It does not seem to affect any above ground creature at all that I can tell . I looked out the window one evening to see a rat sitting about 2 inches away from it , completely unaffected . We still have squirrels , racoons , and mice . Though the blue jays do n't seem too fond of the noise it produces .
 I bought 3 of these for my mother 's yard because she was having major problems with mole runs . When the repellers were first installed in early summer , it seemed that they might be working because mole activity decreased a lot . However , this was also when the wet weather ended and the hot , dry period started . Shortly after we got a fair amount of rain , the mole activity resumed . I think that the moles had just gone deeper underground when it was very hot and dry . The repellers are still beeping , so they have not broken , but they are ineffective .
 Pros
 I am surrounded by a forest and have a big problem with chipmunks tunneling under the cement floor of my garage and also into the footing drains of my house . Up until now we have used water traps very effectively but are a lot of work to keep up with and keep clean . Since using this product -LRB- about a month -RRB- we have seen a drop in activity with the chipmunks but they are still around . The directions say it takes a while to work most effectively so I am waiting and watching . Will update progress again in the near future.Update
 There must be regional differences in Gopher sensativities to this device . Some people rave about the success and others , like myself , think they suck . I have one in soft ground in a garden/flower bed and another in an orchard with rock hard dirt between the trees and niether one works . I still have gophers within 3 or 4 feet of the Solar Repellers . We are in the foothills of Norther California and they do not work here .
 At least in New Mexico , these and other sound repellers do not work . Neither does granular deterrent . Traps work IF you find someone who sets them properly .
 I was very happy with this repeller . However , it only worked for 3 months , then quit . I contacted the company and they said the solar battery was probably not charging . They said if I would fax my receipt , they would send another one . I did so that very day ; that was 6 weeks ago and I have not received a new product . You can not get to the batteries to replace them yourself , I tried . Now when I call their customer service number , all I get is a busy signal . So beware!After I posted this review , I got through to the company and they informed me that the unit was on back order and finally arrived . They said I should be receiving my new unit shortly ... hope it lasts longer this time .
 I admit that between the gophers -LRB- as it turned out , moles as well -RRB- and my wife complaining about our back yard being a gopher mound romper room , I was willing to try anything , including these `` Solar Pest Repellers '' . WELL I advise you , RUN AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! I repeat , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !! I state again , DO NOT WASTE 1 CENT OF YOUR MONEY ON PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT !!!! Like virtually everyone said , it does not work ; no way , not even close !! After trying them in different locations , depths , etc. , etc. . I finially paid a trapper to come out and try his luck -LRB- yes we still have trapper people here -RRB- . WELL , 2 gophers , 2 moles , about 8 days and $ 160.00 later I have been gopher and mole free for nearly 9 months now ... . It took wheelbarrowing and raking about 2 yards of topsoil along with several applications of grass seed and fertilizer , but we are almost back to a `` normal '' looking back yard !! I did NOT get any satisfaction from the company -LRB- Sunforce + other AKA 's -RRB- when I tried to return the 3 I purchased -LRB- too late for Amazon -RRB- . Anyone want to try 3 of these junkers , REALLY CHEAP ???
 I installed the device in our yard in the area where the Gophers were digging.They have continued to dig , as close as 18 '' from the `` Repeller ''
 I purchased two of these to try to control moles that had invaded our neighborhood . At the time they were not running rampant in my yard . I have had the the two repellers installed for around a month . Since I have started using this product the moles have been attracted to them -LRB- as stated in the product guide -RRB- . The only problem is they will not go away and keep coming back to my flower beds.Before spending money on this product , do your homework and research moles . They reportedly are more numerous when the ground is moist , which is what has happened this year . Traps and poisons can remedy the problem but they will still come back.This product did not work for me at all .
 The Sunforce 80001 operates as designed , emitting an intermittent combination of sound and vibration . Unfortunately the moles do n't care . The unit has been in operation for about a month , and there are new mole tunnels with 15 feet of it . It is advertised as covering 6000 sq ft , so the range ought to be about 43 feet in any direction.Save your money .
 I expect new items to be in original packaging but this was in a plain large box in 2 pieces with no instructions , no manufacturing info , no troubleshooting info , no nothing . How long does it need to be exposed to the sun to work ? Does it make sounds ? How deep should it be placed ? Not a clue .
 One evening when I walked down to the lower back yard to see how our watermelons , cantaloupes , honeydews , pumpkins and bird nest gourds were doing , I was shocked and a little miffed that all but the pumpkin and gourds were nothing but stems ... DARN THOSE GROUND HOGS !!! I came across this and thought that perhaps this would work ... and too , I thought that I read in the instructions provided that it would deter rabbits , ground hogs and other rodents ... well , no . I ended up purchasing a Havaheart trap and have trapped and released 3 ground hogs , 1 skunk -LRB- he was a little guy and cute ! -RRB- and 1 oppossum and now my mellon patch is thriving ... and those plants that were nibbled to just the stems ... they 've bounced back ! So this little contraption is being placed in the garden closer to house ... hopefully , it will deter what ever is eating the squash !
 I installed this in my garden after failing to repel a destructive family of moles using a variety of techniques . It has produced no results even though it does emit vibrations . I had to resort to poison to get rid of them . It is easy to use and install but apparently does not work on all moles .
 This product is completely worthless . It seems to draw more critters like the pied piper . Plus there is a buzz every few seconds that drives us all crazy .
 I do n't know if this thing is working , my gut tells me no . I 've had it in several months now and I 'm still seeing mounds and tunnels throughout my yard . Not to mention the squirrels just stand on top of these to taunt me . So no it probably is n't working at all . Would n't recommend in Florida .
 purchased 4 of these for a large back yard . left them in place plenty of time for them to take effect per the directions . 2 of them made no sound at all 2 of them made noise but had no effect whatsoever . They are made cheaply also . When I went to pull them out to return them two of them broke so they can not be returned and I 'm out about $ 100 . I read the mixed reviews but thought I 'd give it a try anyway . Do n't waste your time or money .
 These things do n't work . We have had them before and they were wonderful and did the job but these do nothing and we are out the money for 2 of them .
 I was tasked by my wife to rid her garden of the voles . Unfortunately , this is not the device for that task . Our Garden is very small at approx 150 sq ft. We purchased one of these and placed it in the center . Even though the unit appears to be operating correctly , the voles are tunneling within 4 inches of the unit . They do n't seem to be affected by this unit . Our neighborhood cats have delivered 4 voles to my driveway in the last month . Maybe i need to stick to feeding the cats.I give it two starts just for the fact the unit was received in a well packaged box with very quick shipping .
 Since I purchased this item , it seems to attract pest . I wish I could returned it . It was a waist of money .
 I had previously read the reviews and I chose to ignore them thinking that perhaps they were competitors/saboteurs etc. . I wish I had n't . Quite simply it did nothing but make another hole on the ground.I think the idea that this product would work makes sense but the technology is simply not there.Save your money .
 We are in Colorado and are plagued with pocket gophers . We have had these pest repellers in our lawn for over 2 years and I have yet to see any difference in the hungry pests digging patterns . I think they chuckle and use it as a beacon to know where in the garden are the tastier roots and bulbs.Maybe it works for some people because they have moles . I bet a lot of people do n't even know what they have in their lawn - for months , my wife and I debated whether we had pocket gophers or voles . I know we have pocket gophers because we 've captured and released over a dozen.These do n't work . What works is the wash , catch and release program . My wife takes the hose , floods all of their tunnels and air holes . Sometimes it takes hours to get one to surface and does n't always work . Once they surface , scoop them up in a bucket and take to a nearby national forest , open space or park.Also works to build garden boxes with tough wire mesh on the bottom.Good luck !
 Like another poster mentioned , the mole actually seems to have an affinity for this junk . The day after I placed the rod in the soil , the mole dug a tunnel right next to it ! I assume most of the positive posts are from people associated with this product .
 I bought two because I wanted to place them before going out of town . Both arrived on time in working order , but on my return two weeks later only one of them was still working .
 The moles taunt me as they push up the mounds next to the `` solar pest repeller '' . Sorry folks . This just does n't work .
 Save all your packaging and be prepared to return the product .1 -RRB- Here is how you can test the product -LRB- without doing any technical work -RRB- . After assembling per instructions , cover the solar top so that it gets no light . This will force the unit to run off the batteries -LRB- which come pre-charged -RRB- . You will hear the unit hum/vibrate , as it should . Leave it like that for a few days to drain the batteries . After you are sure the batteries are drained -LRB- unit no longer makes intermittent hums/vibrations -RRB- , remove the solar cover , and take it outside in the sun . Make sure the solar collector is getting direct sun . If the unit is wired correctly it will resume operation and the batteries will recharge . Congratulations , you have received operational product .2 -RRB- Here is how you can repair the product -LRB- if you do n't want to send it back for a refund -RRB- . A -RRB- Remove the little screws underneath the top of the product . B -RRB- If you have access to a volt meter , take a reading on solder points where the wires from the solar collector are soldered . If you have to switch the meter leads -LRB- black on red ; red on black -RRB- , to obtain a normal voltage reading , then the solar collector is wired backwards . I got a reading of about -8 volts -LRB- DC -RRB- . C -RRB- The wiring can be corrected by cutting the red and black wires near the middle of the collector . D -RRB- Re-splice to opposites -LRB- connect red to black ; black to red -RRB- . This will correct the problem , but the better way is to re-solder the wires on the printed circuit board in reverse locations . E -RRB- Once you have swapped the wires , and if sunlight is hitting the solar collector , it will start working . F -RRB- You should also pull the battery plug and take a voltage reading on the two little prongs . You should be getting about an 8 VDC reading there as well -LRB- meaning it will recharge the batteries -RRB- . Does the product really work ? Well I do n't know yet , just got them working , but at least the two I purchased are now operational . If I see gopher damage diminish , maybe I will come back and add a star ...
 I had hoped this product would save me from having to put out traps . No luck . One of the younger gophers actually likes to sit on the thing when he suns himself .
 In reading the reviews I guess this is just hit and miss . It seems to have worked for some people , but did n't work at all for me . I do n't like the loud beeping noise , but I would n't mind it if it was repelling the squirrels , if anything I seem to have more of them . It was a waste of money for me .
 Ok I have n't seen any difference but it 's only been a two days . I am wondering however is this thing suppose to vibrate ? I hear the buzzing but I ca n't feel anything moving inside that might annoy the moles in my yard .
 this is the 3 or 4th time things have been screwed up at amazon , got my coffee grinder , sent email about b buzzer no response
 We purchased two Sunforce Solar Pest Repellers to keep rats out of our garden and backyard . We live in an urban area and have children/pets so it seemed that this was a good investment . It would have been if it worked . Just last night , I saw a rat walk right by it without even flinching ! It may work for gophers and moles but not `` rodents '' .
 I am still having trouble with moles I just found new trails where they have woking , so I will be looking for a new solution
 This item is a TOTAL waste of money . I plugged in the solar top , secured it to the post , inserted it into the ground . It was n't quite straight so I pulled it out . As a result the tip -LRB- Which had nothing to do with anything I assembled -RRB- came off ripping the wires off , thus rendering it completely useless . I left the tip eight inches below the grass surface and threw the rest in the recycling bin . What a piece of shit !
 Does n't do what it should . Vibrates fine , I was able to put it in the ground fine , however the voles seem unaffected by the whole thing .
 in stalled in new laid sodded grass area still have gophers and way annoying with a beep every two minutes
 I have tried every known method for getting rid of moles and this was the last step . I put in two and the moles came up right next to the device ... waste of money .
 Unlike the user manual says for the Motorola V710 AND the Mobile Phone Tools 2.0 manual says AND Motorola 's website says , this product is incompatible for the V710 . Do not purchase this product if you want to transfer multimedia files -LRB- MP3 , pictures , video , etc -RRB- between the phone and your computer . Verizon installed it 's own software on the phones to lock out that capability so that it 's subscribers were forced to email their pictures to themselves -LRB- for $ of course -RRB- . If you are in the market for multimedia transfer from your V710 phone and your computer , go to Motorola 's website , and bring up the V710 . Click on accessories , and you will see a San Disk Transflash Card -LRB- 64MB or 128MB -RRB- and a San Disk Card Reader available . The card inserts into the tiny port on top of your phone and you can save all of your pics or vids to that . Then , remove the card , plug it into the reader and plug that into your USB port on your computer . You can now transfer anything you want .
 After noting on both the Amazon and the Motorola websites that this adapter IS compatible with the Motorola V710 phone , I haplessly purchased this item.In ten hours of troubleshooting , I was able to get the correct drivers installed to enable BlueTooth . This in itself was quite a project on XPsp2.Although the BlueTooth drivers were installed correctly , as demonstrated by a number of working BlueTooth functions like ` pairing ' the phone with the computer , I was never able to get past the ` Initializing ' screen on the simulated phone display . In several hours of troubleshooting this , I came across the following note buried on Motorola 's website : `` NOTE
 WARNING
 I am a fairly advanced computer user , so if I 'm having so much trouble with this software and bluetooth connection , I ca n't imagine how any normal person could figure it out . But worse , the software IS CLEARLY DELETING VALUABLE CONTACT INFORMATION FROM MY OUTLOOK!To start , users of Windows Service Pack 2 have to do a manual work around to get the bluetooth to work . They explain this once you dig deep at the Motorola support site . But the instructions are terrible and only after careful guessing was I successful.But that 's when the real fun starts . For several days , it appeared everything was running just fine -- then everything stopped working . I even upgraded to the newest 3.0 version , but still no luck . Only after a difficult system restore and reinstallation did things work again . No idea why.That 's when I noticed the biggest problem of all . After doing a sync , the software was DELETING business addresses and removing the street address from home addresses . Crazy since that information does n't even sync to the phone . I ca n't explain it , but I was fortunate enough to have a backup of my data and try again . Sure enough , it did it again.I must note that I also run Plaxo to keep my contacts up to date . Perhaps there is some conflict with that software , but considering millions of people use it , it should n't matter . But I saw big problems even after uninstalling Plaxo.This software is not ready for primetime and should be pulled . It 's just not worth risking the loss of your contact data !
 When I bought my Motorola Razr V3 , the Phonetools came up under related items . This led me to believe the software was compatible with my phone . It is n't . It does specify the software only works on the V600 under the Product Desciption which I should have looked at . The Phonetools for every other Motorola phone is available elsewhere . Just a heads up .
 1 -RRB- Bad Product . Mind you I am with verizon so my Razor is also crippled . Only the address book works . And I only tried one way . Someone else 's reveiew stated this software deleted their addresses when syncing . The calendar sort of half worked . Literally . It transferred about half of my appointments . 2 -RRB- Insanely bad tech support . One week of phone tag . Many unreturned calls . I sent them logs per request but never got feedback . I went to Verizon and spent hours reburning my firmware per their request . I asked for supervisors and only got one on my third request . The first two never returned my calls . FInally they spilled the beans . The software was designed to only transfer a subset of appointments . Recurring appointments are skipped . No message , no warning , nothing to be done . Then they insisted that the phone itself does n't do recurring appointments . This is clearly false as I use that feature every single day with the phones keypad . When I mentioned this fact they they hung up.ALternatives
 did not need the battery after the order and contacted the seller for return and they did not respond at allI `` recyled '' the new batttery
 loved the look and protection , hate the lack of sturdiness and durability . If you do n't use your belt clip a lot , you will probably be fine with this product ... if you do , look out , It just is not very strong and the little plastic rivets break off and then the case releases when you do not want it to . Its not the clip 's problems , the rivets on the neoprene fabric are weak and can not stand repeated stress . Wan na lose your phone off your belt clip ? This product can make it happen .
 giver 108 is totally right about the KRZR K1m from Motorola . It 's really slow , the battery does not last , and my calls cut off . It was a waste of money .
 First of all I did n't buy this phone from Amazon.I bought it at Christmas and have had nothing but problems with it . Sprint has been NO help . I have wasted hours on the phone with customer service and have been to three Sprint Repair Centers . One was going to charge me $ 35.00 just to look at the phone . This phone is 21/2 months old and it was an expensive purchase.There is a serious problem with lag with this phone . You do n't see any numbers on the screen until what seems like seconds after you press each number key . It is so frustrating.Text messaging is a joke . I used to have fun txt messaging . Not anymore . The default of multi-tap will switch to something else after 2 or three entered messages and there is no switching it back to multi-tap . I have to shut down the phone and restart to get it to switch to multi-tap . I ca n't wait to get rid of it . I am so thoroughly disappointed with Sprint but I 'm stuck in a 2 yr plan now . I wish I had bought the Treo.Don ' t make the same mistake I made .
 The only thing that this phone has going for it is the looks ... it is VERY stylish and i get complimented on it every time i use it.I bought this phone directly from sprint and it has been a complete nightmare!First of all the phone is rediulously slow as far as when i dial numbers i am on the fourth or fifth one before they come across the screen . Also , when i press any button the response is maybe three or four seconds and i am talking 1-one thousand 2 - one thousand ... Second , i was playing a game on the phone and the circular plastic piece in the enter of the navigational keypad came off on my thumb as if it was glued on with elmer 's ... and i am not rough with phones . i do n't know if it was the sprint version or motorola , but i am ready to throw this phone against the wall , but since i am so vain i give it 2 stars just for the looks . but i am getting rid of it because looks ai n't everything .
 if Sprint is your provider , do NOT buy this phone . I bought one back in Feb. of 2007 . Initially I was happy with it but over the past month , this phone has turned into a piece of junk . It started out by just shutting off on it 's own at any given time . Next thing I noticed was the battery would need a full charging every day no matter if I did n't even make a call . I called Motorola and they sent me a new battery . Same problem . Called them back and they said I had to send in the phone for repair which would take 10 days and they do not replace them . Really convenient ! After this I called Sprint and they told me that this is a very common problem with this phone and basically I 'm stuck with it . They also said there is no repair that can be made to the phone and the best Motorola would do was send a new one which would very likely have the same problem . Sprint also would n't replace it because I did n't buy the insurance for it . The best they would do was offer me $ 150 towards a new phone . Sounds to me like this phone did n't get all the bugs worked out of it and sad to say is a total dud from Motorola . To those who bought it already , good luck . I hope your luck is better than mine was and I am also far from the only one ready to throw this phone under the next train.I also discovered two very annoying features about this phone -LRB- if anything can get more annoying -RRB- . Number one is the slow response when hitting buttons on this phone that others have mentioned . The other thing that drove me nuts was the lack of any indicator that you have a voicemail . The only way to find out is to open it up and look at the screen . I could never figure out how a phone with this many bells and whistles could not have at least a blinking light or something.Bottom line is the fact that this phone was a total waste of $ 300 .
 I have this for a little less than a year and all it 's given me is problems . Yes , it 's cute but the phone is not worth the money that I paid for it ! First of all when people call me it goes straight to voicemail ... I do n't know if it 's the phone or the sprint service because I 've heard the same complaint from many people that have very different phones . The front of the phone gets marked easily with fingerprints so I always find myself cleaning it . When I hang up my phone , I the volume automatically goes very low although it was very high up prior to closing the phone . It turns off on it 's own and then goes to the screen where I have to put the password in order to use it . I have never tried to put music into it because from what I know , I have to pay for each song from spint and the prices are not really worth it ! The phone does voice command by itself ... many issues just do n't purchase !
 This product is advertised as as a 1500 mAh battery . It is not . The ad copy is wrong . It is in fact a 1050 mAh battery . I do n't know why they still have n't corrected this . The corresponding stand by time and talk time are greatly reduced from what the ad says as you might expect from the reduced mAh rating . It did however have the vibrating feature which was not originally listed .
 I would like a refund . These batteries are identical to the original in size , matching output and modle number . They worked for all of a day . Now they wont charge up at all . Back to square one ...
 I needed a set of batteries with the same especification -LRB- 3.6 V 800mAh -RRB- but with size equal with those of a set of three AAA battery , the ones I get ar more like AA sized set of three batteries . Bomer !
 Which is it ? When I bought the Lenmar CBD366 via Amazon , it arrived in Lenmar packaging and was rated at 600mAh . The label on the CBD366 pictured here shows 700mAh , but the Lenmar site and specifications show 800mAh ... The original 3SN-AA80-S-J1 battery was 800mAh . The 600mAh version rapidly discharges -LRB- dies -RRB- during conversations and soon looses the ability to hold a charge .
 The Please Hold ! pkg . specificially states
 it 's an awesome idea ! no brain tumors ! cool retro phone ! can hold it on your neck ! BUT you ca n't hear . it works off and on -LRB- although i have to admit i 'm having trouble with all of my electronics -RRB- i 've talked to other people with this phone and we all have the same problem , the person on the other end can hear you fine but sometimes you ca n't hear them.could be good for some conversations but i 'm dissapointed .
 The company I got this from advertized red , without consulting they sent gray . They could be color blind , or just did n't care . It did work properly , but was n't red . If you need a red one , go to where you can see it first .
 I bought this Bluetooth , since my phone has a funky adapter for headsets , and it limits my choices . I have had nothing but troubles with this headset . First off , when I put it on my ear , it is not adjustable at all , therefore does not stay on the ear very easily -LRB- and definitely do n't wear glasses with it -RRB- . Second , when I use it the people on the other end told me they hear this high pitched noise that becomes annoying quite quickly . Third , the people on the other end also told me that I cut in and out constantly . These last two make for an impossible conversation . Definitely not worth the money.Also , it did not come in original Motorola packaging even though it was `` new '' , yet you were not told this on the page about the product .
 This product was not very comfortable did not stay in place on my ear . It is not adjustable so this was an issue . Also , people on the other end kept asking me if I heard the high pitched noise it was causing . Although the price was good , I had to return it .
 The case really is twice as wide as it should be , so it does n't hold the phone by friction . The magnet on the clasp is very weak and very difficult to locate in the only location where it will wort of lock , but if you catch it on anything , even brush it , then it 's open again . It has a tendency to then sag open and dump your expensive and shiny phone on the ground . I do n't know what Motorola is thinking shipping a thing like this . Since there are so few decent solutions for this phone , none that I 've found , I 'm thinking of stitching velcro to this one to make it work.Useless . Pathetic .
 A Zero star would be a better choice . I ordered this case for my new KRZR from Amazon . The bubble pack was original Motorola and it did say it was exclusively for the KRZR . I had to double check , becaue I ca n't believe Motorola put out such a piece of flimsy junk . They must secretly want you to break your phone so you will have to buy another . It is just two hard leather front and rear slabs connected by two thin elastic strips on the sides and two thin leather strips at the bottom . I ca n't understand how this is designed for the KRZR , since a phone twice as thick as the KRZR 's bare half inch thickness could fit in it . I think two KRZR 's could easily fit in it . Result is that the KRZR flops around loosely inside it . The magnetic snap is hard to latch - you must get it exactly on the snap 's hole because of the looseness , and it also comes undone easily because the magnet is so weak . Since the phone is so loose inside , if the latch comes loose , the phone WILL come flying out . It is the most un-secure non-protective case I 've ever had the displeasure to own . Do n't even think of snagging it on a door jam ! My old Nokia had a holster that if I snagged it on something , would nearly rip the belt off my pants rather than give way . My Nokia always stayed put and safe . Your KRZR is doomed riding in this trash . My search continues for something better , and it needs to be a whole lot better .
 I 'm starting to agree with the guy who said that Motorola makes bad cases so we 'll break our phones and buy new ones . I bought this for my KRZR , but did n't like it , because it kept dropping my phone , so I got the vertical version of this case . It broke after about 3 weeks of use , so I went back to this one . The stitching is falling apart , the magnet is weak and does n't line up , and the case sometimes seems like it was designed for a bigger phone.The elastic and stitching is almost complete worn out after less then 2 months of use.When I bought this and the vertical case , there were n't many cases to choose from for the KRZR . I hope that is n't the situation now , as I begin my search again .
 I have the KRZR k1m motorola phone , and this case is FAR too large for the phone , which practically engulfs it . there is at least 3/4 of an inch of room between the phone and the top of the case . It is not a `` custom fit '' at all . The plastic belt loop is impractical as well , large and cumbersome , not sleek or attractive at all . It sets the phone case well away from your body , and seems ungainly . NOT recommended at all .
 It seems to create an echo when using with my Samsung phone . Oh , well .
 Does not work . Person on other end can not hear you but static . I ordered 3 of these and they all were faulted.Awful awful headset . Do not buy .
 My husband bought the phone for our daughter -LRB- texting is a big deal -RRB- . It looked like a real RAZR , but soon the differences started appearing . The time stamp was wrong . Changes to settings could not be made . And the phone texted in CHINESE ! We called Motorola , and they said the model number and serial number was not one of theirs -LRB- back of phone said `` China Mobile '' -RRB- . The plug was an international plug , useless in the U.S. Fortunately , Amazon was vey good about helping us return the phone -LRB- hence 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- .
 I purchased a -LRB- RED -RRB- Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Quad phone and paid SEVENTY DOLLARS or more . This is supposed to be a NEW phone . This phone has the following problems
 This is the worst cellphone I have ever used . I brought my RAZR in June/2007 . The first piece of keys falls from the cellphone in the end of 2007 . The second key , which is the `` OK '' key on the panal , falls from the phone about three months ago . And now , finally , the round key disintegrated . The phone itself is good , with a nice battery . However , I wonder , what can I do with a cellphone without keys ??? How to dia numbers with such a stupid low quality RAZR ! Within one year , this whole thing becomes a crap .
 I live in the UK and have recently - last few months - purchased two separate pink v3 's . To start with i loved it - gorgeous exterior and the large colour screen was gr8 . Also compared to my last motorola the photo quality was good . All the extra features did n't bother me since i do n't use them , all i needed it for was calling and txting - so it would be good if i could get my phone to stay turned on !! Yes - I 'd barely had the phone two weeks and the phone started to turn itself off ! Not only this but the screen would every so often show a blank white screen . Furthermore , when making a call every time i bent over the signal would die.Now you may think that ok she 's just got a defective phone but as i mentioned earlier this is my second phone . Loving the look and convinced it was just that one , i purchased another one from the only store in the uk that sells them . And again , not two weeks into to having the phone the SAME problems have occured ! You ca n't tell me that its just a one chance defective phone now - not when the same problems have happened!Plus having recently been into a phone store to ask about repairs i found out that there have been some MAJOR software problems with the v3 's ! I am now stuck with a phone i ca n't use and one i ca n't replace since i 'm down under for 6 months ! Also stuck with dilema of which phone i should get now - i just love the colour and look!So to sum up , by all means buy the phone if all you care about is the colour and look ! Buy it if you want a phone that turns itself off and then would n't turn back on again unless you fiddle with the battery ! And finally buy the f**king phone if all you 're going to do is look at how pretty it is!Note - the two stars are purely for the look and colour !
 I just received this phone today and I have no idea how it works because the battery was completely dead and would not take a charge . I charged it for almost ten hours and it was displayed on the screen that it was charging yet it did nothing . I 'm going to try a new battery as soon as I can get one but after reading some of the other reviews I regret buying this phone . .
 first of all the the phone would die after 2 hours , they sent me a new battery , now it drops most all of my calls and i know that is is not t-mobile because i use another #and different phone by t-mobile all day .
 The phone works fine but the battery is TERRIBLE !!!!!! I would have it fully charged before bed , and before the next morning it would be dead . I would have to charge it 5-6 times a day and who has time to do that . I thought it might just be the one I had so I told Amazon and they sent me another ... nope , same exact thing happened , the battery would n't last 3 hours -LRB- and that 's with me not even talking on it -RRB- . I even tried my old razr battery because it works fine and it did the same thing so it was just those phones . Do not get it , it 's a waste of your time !
 I purchased this phone for my wife , as a replacement to her broken RAZR V3.She has complained ever since that the reception is terrible . I spoke to a young man who unlocks phones for a living and his response was that it was not properly unlocked . For the money spent , I expected a phone to provide identical results as the same model it was replacing . As this has no warranty I am stuck .
 firstly i should point out that i live and work in the UK so am amazed at the price you have to pay for this phone and yes i have taken the exchange rate into account . also i work for europes largest independant mobile phone retailer and so feel i have some valid insights . the company i work for is also the only company to sell the pink v3 in europe . we also supply amazon in europe.granted our networks are further ahed in there sophistication than your own so we get stuff a little quiker than the US and i understand the phones popularity with it being a quad band phone and therefor its abilty to work across the country.i feel i should set the record straight about the v3 . i agree it can make calls and is great at being pink but thats it . it is a poor phone . the camera quality is extremly poor and lack of video capture is a real let down . i have read that motorola are correcting this as part of a software fix that can be added later if your phone requires fixing . which leads me to my next fault . the phone is very unreliable but this is due to the massive volumes motorola is producing . i alsop find motorola 's menu infuriating and very unfriendly compared to Nokia or Sony Ericsson which are far easier to pick up.the new version of the phone , the v3i is still not as good as other brands leading handsets such as the incredible sony ericsson w800i , the nokia n70 or the samsung d600 . all with 2.0 million pixel camera 's , expandable memory and amazing other features . the nearest motorola has come to making the V3 respectable is the new V3X the 3G version.in summary i am amazed at the popularity of this phone in the US as sale 's of the phone are driven by its looks alone and not fatures . however if you really love it and want to get something for the man in your life look out for the light blue version that goes on sale this week in the UK and will probably be out soon in the US .
 I 've had this phone for a whopping 2 months now.Initially , the only problem I had was the typical ` sim card not lining up properly ' once in a while issue , but that 's pretty classic for most Razr 's from what I understand.Now , for the last month , it 's stopped ringing , and sometimes stops vibrating as well ... Did I forget to mention that there 's apparently no way to assign it to accept or send picture messages , because the server settings do not have a `` SAVE '' button?I know you 're thinking , `` But the phone 's cute , it 's pink ! and it 's SO affordable ! `` Please do n't waste your time or money . Move along . Nothing to see here .
 I had purchased a Magenta RAZR that was magenta and red/the battery would n't hold a charge/there was a humming noise/quick notes were in dutch ?? and there were spelling errors . I contacted Ace Digital regarding these issues and they sent me an email the next business day with a prepaid shipping label to return this product for a refund . I was refunded $ 165.60 , out of the $ 190 that I paid for it . I assume that I was charged a restocking fee ? However , I am very pleased that they responded so quickly and gave me a refund . I was very disappointed when I received the phone , but they have redeemed themselves by honoring my return/refund . Thank you Ace Digital .
 I just got my first picture message and it would n't download . A half hour with Cingular trying to update the software on the phone and another half hour with Motorola and I found out that you ca n't have any `` browsing '' features on the Cingular network with the phone I was sold . That means no picture messages.Voice calls and SMS work fine , however . I think for $ 400 the phone might do a little more .
 The phone is cool to look at and thats about it ! . The screen is a nice size but the picture quality is awful . The zoom feature is nice but the pictures are still grainy even when totally still and at close range . What pisses me off the most is that you can not down load your pictures from the phone without buying even more crap from Motorola . When I got the phone , right away I took a bunch of pictures . When I got home I tried to download them from the phone with no success -LRB- no , I did n't read the manual very well the first day ! -RRB- . After literally 4 hours of BS on the phone and internet with Motorola Hildago support , they finally told me I had to spend another $ 35 + for the `` special software '' to download pictures -LRB- they did n't even know this when I first called so I wasted 4 hrs for nothing -RRB- . Oh , and you need `` Their special cord '' or it wont work . I tried 4 other cords and sure enough , the phone wont even register that they are plugged in . Tried the special Motorola cord and the phone finds the cord here and there but not all of the time . The company says the phone is not broken as the charger cords work but after almost 8 more hours of support calls to their `` tech support people '' , they still ca n't figure it out so the pictures are stuck in the stupid phone and thats where they 'll stay ! -LRB- the bluetooth transfer also has problems that tech support ca n't figure out -RRB- Also , for the price of this phone , the over priced software should come as part of the package !!! My husband has the Treo and he can just plug his memory card into the card reader to retrieve pictures . No additional cost !!!! The reception quality is also nothing near what my previous Motorola flip had ! -LRB- yes it was old but worked so well I would n't trade it until it died -RRB- . Also with the Razr , If you do n't have your ear in just the right place , you wont really hear your caller ! The speaker phone is worthless while driving as the smallest bit of road noise makes it so your caller ca n't hear you!Besides the cool looks , this phone has nothing special to offer !!!
 I bought this phone and after a few months it went dead ! Motorola would not honor the warranty because they claim these unlocked phones are not made for use in the US . I have also written to Amazon.com , but no response ! DO NOT BUY THESE PHONES ... NO WARRANTY !
 Never allow your Razr to be near fog , light steam or anything that allows it to obtain any type of water . I do not mean , swimmng or dropping in tub . My Girl spoke on the thing for 45 seconds in a steamy bathroom out of the shower and the new thing is now junk . I buy and sell wholesale items for a living and Razr 's are now off my list of items forever . Plus the price is never going to drop for unlocked basic models . Samsung & of course LG is all I will now buy and sell .
 Bought the pink razor for the daughter 's b-day , then after three months the keypad froze up . This phone is made in Europe , so you have to call your carrier to set up text messaging . AND ... it would not pick up Cingular 's network around the US when we went on vacation . Pass on this phone and try a Nokia .
 I had to return the phone because some of the keys did n't work and after 2 hours it would n't turn on even though it was fully charged . Item was returned for full credit .
 This phone is ok but the seller `` General.seller '' sent me this feedback when i posted my review in the shipping notes ... so i will remove it from there and be sure to place it here ... General.Seller wrote to me , `` Hi ; Thank you for your purchase . But the feedback you left for me is not right , please review Amazon 's feedback policy , it shold be related to my service , not about the product . Would you please remove it?Thank you again . `` Sooo ... Here goes ... The review is Poor . . the seller should have also offered to help fix the problem but they did not !! The phone is ok , BUT ... it is not fully UNLOCKED !!!! Beware buyer ... If you are with T-Mobile , it may be fine , but if you are with AT&T ... you ; will get phantom text messages appearing as an Error that you Will be charged for on your phone account.Every time you power the phone off and back on it tries to do a check in of some sort with T-Mobile and because I am with AT&T ; it comes back as an error Invalid Number.Buyer from AT&T ; and not with T-mobile , , , beware . :o-RRB- That 's all I 'm sayin ' . Seller ... If you can fix my problem I will be glad to remove this review or at least upgrade it to something better.Thank you again !!
 Cons1 . camera color balance is AWFUL . Everything has a bluish purple cast . -LRB- motorola blue flip phone camera was good -RRB- 2 . phone randomly shuts down -LRB- learned that this is a software problem admitted by tmobile-hey ever thought of FIXING THIS ? -RRB- 3 . software interface is TEDIOUS . Take 5 steps backwards to move 1 step is the best way to describe it .4 . dropping it -LRB- on carpeting -RRB- is fun-we all drop them right ? the only way to turn it back on is to plug in the charger . try that when you 're out and about .5 . do n't bother with `` pay as you go '' . if you send a picture to another phone on the same account with t-mobile , they run you throuh a sign up here at this website to view the picture -LRB- you 'll use extra extra minutes on the web -RRB- 6 . GRRRRRRR The phone randomly shuts down -- twice while trying to type this review . JUNK JUNK JUNK7 . the exterior screen -LRB- good idea but cruddy execution -RRB- does n't work all the timePros -LRB- stretching to come up with them -RRB- 1 . exterior screen - shows time , battery charge , picture . Lets you close the phone while using the camera .2 . basically a pro is that it 's a cellphone3 . the pink does n't scratch off easily4 . it 's pretty slim for the pocketIf my friend asked me if they should get a motorola phone I 'd steer them very clear of it .
 we vary up set with this phone.yes no warranty they say it unlocked it wasnt cant use it is trash . we where hoping it would work dont like the smart phones motorola razr v3
 Bought for my mom because it 's simple and nice color . When my mom received it , complained that battery part ca n't close completely . Very disappointed !!!
 The worst purchase i made . Bring simulated camera which did not have . The entire operating system is damaged . I bought a new phone and sent me a refurbished and armed . I lost my money.Do not waste your money with these scammers
 This phone was a mistake to order ! It would not charge , and my phone company could not activate the internet . Bought a different charger , still would not charge . Waste of my money .
 How come the suggested retail for this phone is $ 249 and amazon is charging so much more than that ? Well I guess they are pocketing about a hundred dollars per person who decides to buy the phone on amazon instead of through like tmobile.com or other cell phone websites . The one that amazon sells does n't even come with a sim card and its like a hundred dollars more than you can get it other places .
 Gorgeous phone . Ordered one for my wife . After 2 weeks the display started to look `` overexposed '' until it was no longer readable . Returned it to Amazon . Super smooth customer service . But ... the phone I received as a replacement -LRB- asked for one instead of refund -RRB- was clearly a refurbished one . This second phone started to create clicking sounds which came from the speaker and later , again , the display started to look washed out like the first one . This happens gradually so it is not a wrong setting.Very , very disappointed in this product . So contradictionary to the reputation of Motorola . Avoid this phone .
 This phone was ok initially but then started going off on on . Looks good but ...
 These phones suck ! My husband and I both have one . We only got them because they were free . The battery constantly dies , you have to charge them every day . I barely use mine so I know it 's not dying because of use . I take very good care of my phone and the plastic that covers the keys is peeling off and tends to catch make up and dead skin , nasty ! I will never even consider getting one of these again .
 two weeks ago I purchased a razr which advertised `` video '' feature which it did not offer . The company I purchased from replaced it with another phone for an additional charge . This phone is also useless . If I want to take photos or utilize video I have to buy an additional `` sim '' type card and open phone up to utilize these features . I spent 2 hours at my local AT&T retailer to find out that my 5 year old razr offers more options with the sim card i have . I want to return this phone , but I 'm not sure I 'll get my money back so I guess I 'll just hang onto this loser
 The item has never arrived and I actually had to call customer service several times to get it canceled for full refund .
 I ordered this phone and got a used battery , I had to send it back and get refund !
 When I received this phone it was obvious that it was from overseas , the wall adapter that should 've allowed it to charge did n't work . For the most part the phone seemed to work but it would n't send pictures or receive pictures . I took it to a retailer and spoke to AT&T Customer Service who were unable to figure out what the issue could be . I ended up ditching the phone . What a waste of $ $ $ $ ...
 Never drop this phone , sit on it , lean on it , or put your keys in the same pocket . Seems obvious , but this phone is fragile . Ive dropped my plastic Nokia phone dozens of times in the past 3 years and never a problem . But the externeal screen on the RAZR Phone will easily crack , and may kill the phone or fry the battery . Both myself and a friends killed our phones . I broke the Razar with my keys in the same pocket . I thought the phone would be fine with just a cracked screen , however this killed the whole phone . The next day I noticed the battery would no longer hold a charge . If I remember crrectly my friend dropped his which also cracked the outer screen which also killed his phone , but via a failure of the of the internal screen which was undamaged . Other then it being so fragile , it was an Ok phone . Quite thin which is nice in your pocket and a decent touch pad too .
 Bought this phone for my girlfriend for her birthday on November 30 , 2008 . Phone makes a faint buzzing noise when opened and will not cease and is quite annoying . Also her texts do not work properly , the time stamp is often incorrect and sometimes she does n't receive the text message until hours later . I am now having to purchase a brand new phone and thought I would let everyone know my experience . Would not recommend this item to anyone .
 we just upgraded to 3 new razr v3 phones 2 pink and one black.the reception is awful.we always have to redial a second time before the static goes away.once it is connected none of us can hear what are callers are saying , the speaker sucks and there does ' t seem to be anyway to turn it up to level that one con comfortly say i hear you now.we plan to return them
 The phone works great . Great reception , sound , and video quality . The only real problem is the charging . Plug in the charger , set the phone down and it is charging fine , come back in a few minutes and it is no longer charging as if the cord is not even there , or it has completely shut down and is no longer charging . Have to unplug the cord and replug it and the charge starts over . This can happen over and over , can take days to charge this phone . Have taken it back twice . First time they replaced the battery , it did the same thing . Second time they replaced the whole phone , it worked great for a few weeks , now the new one is doing the SAME thing.What good is a phone that wo n't charge !
 THESE PHONES ARE NOT BUILT IN THE US . THERFORE YOU DO NOT GET THE MANUFACTURE 1YR WARRANTY . I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND IT QUIT WORKING 35 DAYS AFTER I GOT IT . AMAZON WILL NOT CREDIT MY MONEY OR REPLACE MY PHONE . MOTOROLA WILL DO NOTHING !!! BECAUSE IT WAS NOT MANUFACTURED IN THE US . I WAS TOLD THIS AFTER I HAD PAID FOR SHIPPING THE PHONE TO MOTOROLA FOR REPAIR . THANK YOU AMAZON FOR THE $ 179 PINK PAPER WEIGHT .
 I just bought my Motorola pink Razr phone 2 days ago . It is pretty in color , and the keypad is awesome . The picture taking quality seems pretty good.But I have n't been able to do anything else . Here are the problems with the first phone :1 . exterior camera did not work 2 . the screen was blank with a vertical or horizontal line running through it .3 . the image on the interior screen was upside down . 4 . The digital data and imagery jumbled together and it looked like digital vomit on the screen . 5 . 2 hours into using my new phone ... the phone died . After charging for 4 hours , I discovered the phone felt red-hot . I unplugged the phone only to discover it did not accept a charge . T-mobile thought for sure I had the 1 in a million truly defective phone . So I got an exact replacement . I am unable to set up options . The camera does not work at all and is causing the image on the screen to repeat-blank white to white with the date and battery charge indicator to the blue T-mobile screen saver to black and repeats . I can do nothing with this new phone . I really really want this pink phone , but so far ... I am not impressed . Is is really possible to receive the two brand new defective phones within 24 hours of each other ?
 I bought the pink motorola razor 2 months ago . About 2 weeks after I bought the phone it started locking up . The keypad would not work . Powering the phone off did not work . I took the phone back to the T-mobile store and was told I had to contact Motorola . The next day it started working again . It had intermittant lock ups , and made beeping noises on it 's own . 3 days ago , it locked up and is still not working . I had to buy a new phone . Motorola nor T-Mobile would replace it . Both say it has to have been dropped or has water damage , and neither of these is the case.Lesson learned , not everything that is pretty on the outside is pretty on the inside . Save your money , get a better quality phone .
 Could not hear party on other end of line properly . Sent it back to place where it came from tthe other day .
 I bought this unlocked phone for my wife whose phone broke after the warranty expired . I wanted to get a cheap replacement for her until her upgrade was available . The first phone we received was not unlocked and had to be sent back . The customer serviceperson was great . They sent us another phone and a free leather motorolla case . This other phone works on AT&T networks , but many of the features are hardwired just for T-mobile . It is not very user friendly . Get it for a cheap phone , but not for something you want to use for texting or web .
 When I added this to cart to check out , Adorama Camera charged me $ 16 for expedited shipping and not the advertised $ 7.95 for Standard shipping . I was lucky I checked the numbers before placing the order .
 The first phone I received was obviously a used or refurbished phone . The manual was dogeared and the phone had signs of wear & tear . The phone 's speaker volume was poor . So I sent it back . The second phone was functional , but the manual was for another phone . The packaging was very worn and the cord had obviously been used . I kept the phone since it worked , but this product is well below the typical amazon quality that I expect .
 I loved the phone at first.It worked for about a month and now the screen nore the camera work !! the screen is black !! it wo n't do anything !!! Even the outside screen is black !!! and I can not take any pictures because the screen wo n't work !! i can call out and get incomming calls but can not see anything the only way i know who it is is beacuse i set certain ringtones . I can get texts but of couse can not read them because the top half of the phone does n't work !!!!!! i am very careful with my stuff so it was nothing i did . i really like the phone if it would just work right .
 I recieved this phone and within two days the keypad would not respond . I returned the phone . It took several weeks on some e-mails but I was issued a refund for the phone .
 I really love every razr out their , but see here 's the problem . This phone does NOT WORK WITH VERIZON WIRELESS . So if you are like me and wanted it and have Verizon , just buy the phone at verizon . This phone is not compatibe with the Verizon Wirless service . You need a SIM card for this phone , and with Verizon , it is computer autherized . Do n't waste your money looking for it on Amazon , or on the internet . Save your self at least 200 $ and go to the store or Verizon Online . It is NOT WORTH IT . Other Than that little factor , I totally think you should go for this phone , -LRB- if your not Verzon ! -RRB- but Beware Of the Dreaded Celly Phone.Don ' t fool your self over the UNLOCKED thing . It really does n't make a difference .
 I purchased this Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone -LRB- with Camera , and Video Player -- International Version in Magenta Pink -RRB- it arrived within the time stated . I had it a day , took it to T-Mobile because upon putting in my Sim card it `` seemed '' like it was right out of the Motorola Factory . NONE of my information was there and it HAD to be brought into T-Mobile so they could transfer my Contacts & Photos , which was fine.My issue with this phone is that it actually had TYPO 'S PROGRAMMED into it 's Display ! For instance when I was Personalizing my phone ... THIS particular Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone was PROGRAMED to spell the word `` PERSONALIZE '' as `` PersonaliSe '' with an `` S '' instead of a `` Z '' !? Then in the Recent Calls Category where it states
 Oh sure these phones look good and have neat qualities , but the damn things cut out when you are talking , . hold no charge at all etc etc.They have been recalled for this reason . I suggest anyonme that buys cell phones avoid buying Motorola . Every phone we have purchased from them SUCKS !
 Drop it once ... and its a done for
 I purchased this product in april 2012 , here it is august 2012 . This battery has completely stopped charging , so much for this being a new item.Buyer beware ...
 I ordered this product from OEM . I never recieved the product I ordered . OEM did try and make this right by convincing me to take my review down and sending me out another back to the battery . But they sent me out the exact same back that went to a NEXTEL phone not a KRZR . I still have not recieved the correct back and have no way to use a battery with no back that fits . I have no idea how the battery works or does n't work . I would NEVER order from OEM and if you do and they screw up your order do n't take down your review until you actually have the correct item in hand . In my opinion OEM is a joke .
 Buy the battery somewhere else . I purchased this product and received the wrong door . Without the correct door , the battery is useless . I called `` Customer Service '' twice , left messages including the order number and my phone number . They never called . I emailed them and they did n't respond . I 'm caught in a Catch-22 . Without without a RMA number I ca n't return the product and they will not respond with an RMA number . Eventually , I bought the standard battery at Radio Shack .
 I bought two of these batteries - one for me ; one for my wife . Six months later my wife 's is working well and holding a charge . Mine is not . New , the charge would last 2-3 days w/o requiring a recharge . Now , i 'm forced to charge it daily .
 FALSE ADVERTISING . I should have known the price was too good to be true . The add stated this was a NEW oem replacement battery . It is an oem replacement , but this battery is NOT NEW . It last half as long as it should and you can see the wear marks on the battery .
 Buying this battery was probably the worst electronics purchase of my life . This new battery worked great for a few weeks . And then my phone died . Not only would the battery not charge , but the phone would n't turn on even when it was plugged into the wall.Look . You can buy a whole new phone for just a little more than the cost of this battery . Go do it.I swear , I will never buy another Motorola phone ever again .
 Bought this product about 6 months ago and it ca n't hold a charge for a day .
 We ordered two of these batteries . One is working very well & apparently must have been new . The other is as weak as my old battery & dies within a day or two when I do n't even talk on the phone . So really a mixed bag .
 This case did it 's job at first , but then after a while the case started to create scratches on the side aluminum . This really diminishes the value in my mind .
 I received my handsfree , plugged it into my phone and it does not work at all . If you strain you can very faintly hear absolutely inaudible voices so I know it was not a problem with the phone but probably with the speaker on the unit . Did not bother to return it because the shipping would have cost more than the thing was worth throwing good money after bad .
 It seems amazing that no one can produce a slim case with a simple belt clip . Most start by `` designing '' a big chunk of plastic -LRB- like this model -RRB- then affix an even bigger belt clip to it . As you can see from the photo , the clip is as thick as the Treo itself , which can hardly be considered slim by today 's standards . So if you want to look like a total geek/nerd with a giant Treo extending 2-3 inches from your waist , this is definitely the clip for you . It 's worse than nothing at all . It can even entangle itself in your car 's seat belt . The only good thing about this model is that it 's no worse than its competitors . What a deal !
 I 've had two of these clips in the last 10 month . Both of them were broken . I also dropped my phone no less than 6-7 times.The problem with this clip is the plastic clip . Treo is actually pretty big . When you sit down , it is pushed out , which causes the plastic clip to crack.Unfortunately , I do n't see any other clips that are as convenient as this one . I might have to get the third one .
 I received cable in timely order and then downloaded software from Samsung . The cable connects to the computer OK but will not connect to the c417 phone .
 After I receive this item and plugged it in for use , I plugged the cable in to my Samsung SCH-C417 phone -LRB- Samsung C417 -RRB- . Not only did it not work with the driver that he included , but it did not work AT ALL with ANY driver that I could find . If any of you can find one that DOES work with this cable , email me . I am disappointed by this product , and the fact that the vendor did lie in saying that it is for the SCH-C417 . It is infact for the X497 or the X495 ; NOT the C417 !
 There are n't any `` real '' instructions , and when you connect the phone with the USB and the smallest CD , nothing happens ... yet ! You might need to call and get more information as I 'm about to do . DELIVERY was GREAT ! Product is CHEAP ! Installing is a real B + itch ! ~
 I DO N'T KNOW HOW WELL THIS ITEM WORKS BECAUSE YOU ONLY GET THE DRIVERS THE OTHER SOFTWARE YOU NEED YOU HAVE TO GET ON YOUR OWNTHE DESCRIPTION WAS MISSLEADINGWOULD NOT BUY AGAIN
 this product is pretty much useless . it dosent do anything it says it does . ! ***** DONT BUY IT !!! *****
 This product does n't work with my Samsung X497 . The cable has a USB to serial port converter inside it . The `` driver '' included with the CD is a driver for this converter - not for the cellphone interface itself . I downloaded the cellphone drivers and the PC connectivity software from Samsung support website and installed them . It does n't work . No cellphone to PC connectivity , no USB based battery charging , nothing at all!Looking at other reviews , it seems to me that this product is a scam . By saying `` May require 3rd Party Software -LRB- not included -RRB- to perform some functions '' they are trying to fool you into believing that it does n't work because `` you do n't have the right software '' .
 this cable -LRB- while it will connect your phone to the computer -RRB- will not allow you to transfer any data from your phone to your computer . what i ended up having to do was buy a cable from samsung specifically meant for my phone
 There is NO software available that will work with a C417 phone on a USB cable . This product is cheap , but still a waste of money if you have a C417 phone . DO N'T ORDER IT FOR THE C417 . I give it one star because there 's no option for -1 .
 This is crap . I 'm glad they do n't sell it anymore . Terrible reception , audio feedback , poor signal strength . It does nothing right .
 i was shocked when i put the case on my phone it is ugly and does not look like quality merchandisevery disappointed
 Do n't buy this one . It does n't work.And if you want to buy , do n't forget to check it works for your mobile phone .
 I was skeptical about a cell phone car charger that cost $ .02 - It works , I am thrilled .
 At the time , this was the most expensive phone I had ever purchased . I fell in love with design and color of the phone and it worked great , especially overseas . However , the silver colored plastic on the face of the phone started peeling -LRB- from contact with skin oils , perspiration , etc. -RRB- after owning it only 6 months or so . I researched it and other people who contacted Nokia got replacement phones that did the exact same thing within a few months . I was a loyal Nokia customer for over 10 years -LRB- my first phone circa 1997 was a Nokia -RRB- . Needless to say , I am no longer a Nokia customer .
 I would rather give this product `` Zero '' star . It looks good from picture , but once you receive on your hand , you will understand what I am talking about . The battery cover is extreme difficult to remove from the phone.For a phone marked as $ 400 + , it is not worth at all . The phone keeps unresponding or could not power it off . The only way to rest this phone is removed the battery . The N76 I got is really a piece of junk.I bought this phone for my wife as her birthday . After few hours with the phone . She just wants me to return the product back to Amazon ASAP . Do n't waste your time and money for this good looking phone .
 This product was finally shipped to me after several delays , and when I finally got it , the box was opened and the phone was damaged on the sides . It had no plastic cover for the memory card , but it did n't need it , since it did n't bring the included memory card neither . The charger was also missing.My choice was to send it back -LRB- and pay the 2-way shipment -RRB- or living with a `` new '' cellphone that looked like it was roughly used for a year.At first I though the box was opened on the way here , but unless someone in FedEx put his really mistreated cellphone -LRB- identical to the one i bought -RRB- in the place of the new one , I doubt it could be accidentally -LRB- or even on purpose -RRB- damaged that way.Since the shipment from my country was waaaaay too expensive I had to keep it , so do n't let it happen to you . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!!
 Received it . My daughter was going to France . It worked when it first arrived but it never took a charge . Do n't know if the problem is phone or charger . Had to simply toss it in the trash - no warranty no recourse .
 I am exremly disappointed ! The phone has already stopped working ! I took it to AT&T ; and they said it could not be fixed , so I had to buy another phone . Since this was my first experience buying from Amazon , do I have any recource ?! ... Lynne
 I am frantically buying up replacement batteries from other vendors to try to get them before our vacation . Grrrrr !!! I just hope they work some better . Not the bargain it appears ! Buyer beware .
 It was charged after receiving , but that was it . Could n't get it to work . Brought it over to T-Mobile . Technicians tested and rechecked . Keys were found to be stuck or frozen . That is a shame . The unit is quite attractive , but light weight . Feels like a tin can . I feel that even if it worked , would n't last maybe after a few use .
 This item stated it came with a head set , etc. . They were not included . The phone was a nightmare from the start . After getting the battery and sim up and running , I began to use it . In the middle of each and every call I made or received , the phone , without warning would begin to dial another number in my address book or my voice mail . This was always during a conversation . The other party on the phone could hear what was happening . I lasted with it less than a week and am now looking for a way to get a refund . Not sure if I can since it 's unlocked and came with no warranted . clearly it was a lemon . Be careful with these phones.Joanne
 I purchased a Motorola RAZR V3 unlocked phone with camera as a graduation gift for my daughter . The satin pink color . The phone I received is two toned with an AT & T logo attached . I was extremely disappointed , it was as if the seller had spare parts and put together this phone . I would not purchase from this seller again .
 The battery life on this phone is about 1 day if you do NOT use it and about 15 minutes if you do . I 've lost a few calls and I have to continuously charge it to be able to get a call in . I realize I purchased without warranty , realizing this is an older phone , but would not recommend anyone buying them . I ended up moving my SIM card to another phone altogether . I love the look and feel of the RAZR , but the value should lie in whether it works well or not , and it does n't . I 'm sorry I bought it .
 The first one they sent to me had problem with the screen . The second one was working fine until last week . The battery does n't work anymore . Its only been about 6 months since I bought it . When it worked , it did it 's job .
 I gave the phone as a xmas gift . It worked briefly and then would not take a charge or even turn on . I contacted customer service and was directed to OEM the company that supplied the product . I have gotten nothing but the run around from both amazon and OEM . $ 70 for junk ...
 bought this product in October AND ALREADY IT IS GIVING PROBLEMS THE SCREEN IS BLANKING OF AND IT DOES NOT HAVE WARRANTY , WHATS EVEN MORE BAD I GAVE SOMEONE AS A BIRTHDAY GIFT .
 The phone that I got did not alow me to use the internet , download web items , etc. set up on it . For this price , you would just assume that it had a software application for this . These days , it is , or should be a given that a phone in that price range would have this basic functionality . Not recommended .
 I was so excited to get my new Satin Pink RAZR V3 ... only to be let down . This phone was n't even close to the color shown here . Doing some looking around and my phone looked more like the Mauve colored RAZR . Plus it 's put together very shotty ! Looks like a cheap knock off ! Also , I could n't hear anyone I talked to ... they could hear me , but I could n't hear them . This phone also came to me , not from AMAZON , but from a company called ACE DIGITAL . I phoned them tell them about my problem ... they said they are going to reimburse me everything I paid for the phone , including the shipping and handling charge , once they receive it back ... I 'll keep you posted on how that goes . I 'm hesitant to buy another phone here ... I 'm afraid I 'll be out money again , that I 'd be waiting to get reimbursed .
 I received this as a gift -LRB- after some hinting -RRB- but was really disappointed to see that it was clearly used , the plates didnt match , and no warrenty . I spent a half hour just cleaing it off . I would not buy antother one .
 the order took so long to get here that in route someone opened the back side took out the phone then taped it up . . so i got a empty box inside a box so much for tracking
 The phone should come in with satin pink color for the cover . However , this phone has 4 different pink tones for different cover panels and the tone differences are so obvious . This made me feel that this is a phone which did not pass quality control from the original factory . The battery and charger are terrible . The original charger had 2 round legs for probably an Asian outlet and it came with a crooked adapter to convert it for the US outlet . In addition , the battery is constantly drained , if the receiving signal was not strong enough -LRB- compared to my Sony phone using the same SIM card -RRB- . I have to recharge the unit every night even when the battery indicator is full -- since you never know when this thing will drained suddently . The cord for the ear phone is too short -- when I use it in my car , I have to put the phone on my lap . The ear phone quality is really bad and its operation is not as straight forward -LRB- handled by a single hand -RRB- as the Sony phone . Plus , the line is so easy to fall out of the phone to cut off the conversation . I no longer feel comfortable to use the ear phone while I am driving . This phone does not come with a manufacture warrantee , strange ! Unfortunately , I did not have time to deal with all the problems in a timing manor after I received this phone . Otherwise , I would have returned it.The only good feature is the camera .
 I am extremely annoying and nuisance with the I articulate that they sent me . This cellular telephone is used and this damaged one . I need a prompt answer for solutions this problem and all the inconveniences that have caused me.Thank you !
 Received phone , inserted working 3g SIM . Got unregistered SIM error , check SIM . Phone is available for emergency calls only . In process of RMAing the damn thing!Once burned , now reluctant to try this route for replacement phone . -LRB- Wife will need to learn to not drop phone in toilet ! -RRB- Back to using $ 29 no contract phone for near future .
 This phone seems to be more about design and look than it is about overall usability.While the phone is pretty compact it is too much so . Its easy enough to carry around but when I would go to use it is when I ran into trouble.First is it was a bit difficult to open . There was n't enough of an edge to let my thumb open it up quickly.Second was the phones operating system . While I was able to get a bit used to it , it was n't very intuitive and it would take me awhile to locate the correct button or menu.Part of the phones programing is an auto fill in feature when you are texting . It starts to guess the word you are trying to type as you are typing it . This was very counter productive and caused me to have way more errors than usual . I was n't alone on this one , I have had friends that use the same phone and I get some of the weirdest text that make you go `` huh ? '' . Lastly was the keypad . Again , it 's a very slim line phone but because of that the buttons are flush and near impossible to use to dial or text quickly .
 I did n't really want to write a review for this , because I hate saying anything negative , ever , but I believe other consumers should be informed when deciding on a purchase.The phone is cute , I 'll give you that much , but other than that , it has been nothing but a headache from the moment I received it . I purchased it from Amazon , not an independent seller , and it was listed as ` new ' and ` unlocked ' . It was , in reality , neither of those things . It took me forever to track down the subsidy password from AT&T ; , just to unlock the phone . Then , there were all kinds of settings from the previous owner , so I knew it was n't ` new ' . Also , the battery would die after 6 hours , even with the power off . Replacing the battery only added two more hours to the charge.I contacted Amazon about the issues , of course . They could n't send a replacement because they said it was out of stock , and I could n't return for a full refund , because I had brought the phone with me to Germany , and did n't have the original packing , and the charger had been lost when my an outside pocket on my luggage ripped . I had to settle for a crummy $ 16 refund for choosing to keep the phone -LRB- I had no other option -RRB- . So , I 'm out $ 60 and I have a phone that is useless.I would highly suggest to anyone considering this phone to think long and hard about whether the problems are worth it with . To me , they are n't .
 I purchased this item for my teenage daughter . Delivery was prompt , phone is in good shape . . very good looking phone . . and trust me that is ALL !!! It wouldnt take the sim card . . and then all of a sudden it started working ... camera wont work , can not send text or receive them ... battery is pathetic ... it does not hold a charge . . charge it overnight and get one minute of talk time ... I am very dissappointed actually I had to buy another phone in its place . . and the company would not replace it or reimburse my money -LRB- around $ 69.99 , w/o tax & shipping -RRB-
 I was excited when opening the box but only to find out the battery enclosed is of the wrong type for the cell.It simply does not fit . With quality control like this , I will think twice before buying anything from this vendor .
 I received the telefeono and this blocked and is not what he said the description of it . I bought an unlocked phone . this is a deception of the store . This generates an additional cost , as I have to pay to unlock it , please , do not mislead buyers by placing false references in this phone.Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera , Video ...
 I bought this phone because I always liked the RAZR , and the phone was cute and cheap . What a mistake ! The phone does not hold a charge . I talked on the phone for a little over one hour and sent a few text messages , and the battery died ! It does n't even last one whole day . Also , the phone shut off for no reason . I also could not check my email ; I kept getting error messages . The phone was an AT&T phone , and even after I configured it for my carrier , it still did n't work right . I suspect this may have been a refurbished phone , even though it was advertised as `` new '' . I think these phones are hit or miss . Let the buyer beware !
 This was clearly refurbished . The pink plates did n't even match and some of them were worn and dirty looking . It 's also set with Cingular backgrounds and logos , I have T-Mobile . Did n't like that either . If they sell something for 100.00 and say it 's new , it should be new !
 Do n't buy from Ace Photo Digital . The sent me a non working phone and they did n't made the refund . The customer service is awfull and they lied to me .
 I purchased this product and had high expectations . I was extremely disappointed . The phone that I recieved did not have a data device -LRB- allows downloads , view websites , and etc. -RRB- installed on it . For $ 60.00 i expect the phone to be able do the simplest function like downloading . NOT HAPPY ! and returned asap ! So buyer beware people .
 I oredered this phone from amazon because my other razor went kaput and AT & T no longersells the razor . Since I was so familiar with this product I wanted another one and foundit on Amazon . What I did n't realize was that , although the product was `` new '' and packagedas such , it was an old model of the razor and even less capable than the one I was replacing.Many of the short cut features of my old phone are not on this one and I find myself constantlyfrustrated that I have to do extra steps for the same result . For instance the texting requiresa couple extra steps as does the ability to find numbers in the address book . I can hardlywait to get an Iphone . Forget it ... move on into the new era of product !
 I really hate this phone . For the simple fact that the battery has to be recharged every night . For the money I spent on this thing , the battery should be a whole lot better than what it is . I did not buy my phone for this seller so I do n't know about the quality of his stuff -LRB- By the looks of it , not very good either -RRB- . I bought mine at a Verison store -LRB- brand new -RRB- . IMHO , this phone sucks ! That 's just my 2 cents . Should have read the reviews on this phone before I bought it . BUYER BEWARE !!
 This product never worked . I could not even talk on the phone -- the person on the other line came through very tinny , over so much static we could not make out what each other was saying . I tried several times . I should have returned it but ended up losing the box and sticking the phone in a drawer . I 've had motorola phones I have liked , but this one was not even functional . Also the battery did not last even a respectable length of time .
 I would n't recommend this phone to anybody . It was throwed in the trash after having it a month . Bad choice .
 I love razor phones , this is my 7th razor . but this one has no signal , i spend more time chasing a signal , where my other razors got a great signal . on this one , my 9 button sticks . so i spend alot of time going back to fix my words while im texting . but i will buy another razor . 6 good ones out of 7 aint bad .
 Back light does not work very worn looking . Keyes do not work . Really regret buying this phone . I use to own one like this and my old one was a lot better
 I bought the phone -LRB- used -RRB- , said the phone was in good condition , which was unlocked , but it never worked when I put my SIM always came out on the screen , insert SIM , not recommend this phone used !
 The front and back color did n't match , Looked like a cheaply made phone . I dont think I got the same phone that was shown , I payed way to much.ppl or giving these phones away . Dont recommend this seller or phone
 I bought this for a friend and as far as I could see the battery was new however when it said it was fully charged it would only last a couple of hours .
 I bought a blue headset for my Sony Ericsson Z520a , and I returned it because it was such a poor quality product . It would be full of static if I had it in my left pocket and on my right ear . I would lose the bluetooth signal walking 15 feet from my phone in the bedroom to my sink in the bathroom . There is not even a wall in the way , I could see my phone ! It picks up every little sound in the area . Walking home from work , my girl could hear the little crickets in the field , and a train a mile away sounded like it was right next to me . When a car would pass by , it was so loud that it actually hurt her ear . A slight wind made such a noise on her end that it ` sounded like I was in a hurricane . ' So Cardo 's claims about wind noise reduction and traffic noise has not been proven true to me . I returned the unit to Amazon , and was sent a black one as a replacement , and it is doing the same things . As far as the comfort goes , I found that once I bent the ear piece , it was really comfortable . In conclusion , this is a cheap headset , and you get what you pay for .
 I got this headset about 6 months ago . It worked fairly well for the first four months , although the volume control was somewhat erratic -- nothing that I could n't live with . However , in the past two months the bluetooth connection drops out unpredictably even though the phone is no more than three feet away at all times . I know that it 's not the phone -LRB- LG enV -RRB- since the connection between it and my Motorola stereo headset never drops.Aside from that -LRB- which is a deal breaker in my book
 constantly had problems with the pronunciation of who i was trying to call.big problem when driving !!!! didnt use it for a while , now it doesnt recharge or charge at all
 I liked the case , but unfortunately it broke long ago . I have not been able to find a decent -LRB- good/cheap -RRB- protective case for my Razr . Nowadays I just carry it in my pocket
 This product did not work on any computer to which it was attached . I will have to find another solution . I am requesting a refund .
 At first , I was reasonably pleased with the item . It holds my Palm TX at a close to 90 degree angle , which makes it difficult to use while in the cradle . It still charges fine , though the power connection is loose.The problem is that it has stopped syncing . I 've tried multiple USB ports and several resets , but nothing works . My TX syncs fine with a separate cable , so it is not the TX or USB port .
 You get what you pay for . This battery definitely does n't have the capacity of the standard LG battery , but it 's good for a backup . It probably lasts 60-70 % as long as a new original battery . Also , when it gets close to empty , it goes downhill quicker than the original battery . For the price it 's not bad , but definitely not a replacement for the original .
 I bought a fun shell a few months ago . It looked very attractive and interesting - a must have to be a number 1 in company . It arrived , but it took so long to arrive that my excitement was not that high as it was when I was ordering it . It took some time to install in , and a few nails were doomed to be broken . Anyways , it worked fine . At least , it worked the way it was supposed to work . And now , what I dislike :1 . It is not at all practical . You can use it only at night , and only the people from ages 9-15 can make out what you typed in .2 . After you have installed it on your phone you will not be able to use your protective case .3 . The phone becomes larger , thicker , and much more heavier , at least its weight doubles.But apart from these problems , your mobile will look special and more fancy than other , simple Nokia 3220 ! Oh and the end ? I went skiing , and had to take it down because I wanted to put my protective case on . I came back a month ago and still have no wish to put it back . So the accessory from 50 $ is sitting in the box , waiting in the dark .
 I received 2 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm stereo headphone adapter . One did n't work . The other works but with a lot of loss of sound quality . If you push the headphone jack -LRB- male -RRB- all the way in to the adapter sound is cutoff on one speaker . You have to play with it and find the sweet spot where sound comes from both speakers . And even then the quality is not good .
 I bought these adaptors to use regular head phones -LRB- 3mm -RRB- with my cell phone mp-3 -LRB- LG cu500 -RRB- player . Once you plug the 3mm headset into this adaptor you loose stereo sound . you only can hear the music through one ear . Whoever started the whole 2.5 mm adaptor in cell phones should be put in jail . It makes it impossible to use a regular headset to listen to music on your cell phone . I have tried 3 stereo cell phone headsets and they all have poor sound quality especially the base level . They all have some type of flaw , the volume wo n't get loud enough , cord to short , poor sound , etc. .
 The adapter did not work when plugged in to a samsung m500 . The sound only came out of one ear when plugged in .
 You will see on other adapters there are four contacts on the male connector . These have three contacts . My phone reacted with mono sound when using a connector convert like this . The difference must be the common ground that both channels share when using a three contact set up . Maybe some phones use the three contact like the Treo someone else is talking about . My blackberry pearl did n't like it . I just bought the actual cell phone head phones , they have four contacts and I get stereo .
 Whoever made this product , has a good product , but using stereo headphones will only produce sound through one side . -LRB- i use apple ipod headphones -RRB- Sent it back , thinking it was a flaw and got another pair with same problem . Would buy if you have the right type of headphones or do n't mind listening to music on only one side
 I would return this product if i thought it was worth my time and effort . The 2.5 mm jack is slightly too small , creating a loose connection that ruins the experience of using it when doing anything active . I tried both adapters -LRB- i bought the 2-pack -RRB- in two different devices and in all cases the connections was slightly loose . In positive news , the connection at the 3.5 mm end is nicely snug .
 I bought this headset to use for conference calls using my computer . The bad design of the mic means pushing the mute button so others on the conference call do n't hear me . Who wants to hold the mute button down for an hour or two ? I 'm going to try to get my money back .
 First , you can get this for less than half of the currently listed price . Second , it 's not worth even that . The volume control is only useful if you want to lower it . It does n't even get as loud as the original phone volume with the control set at the highest level . The control is also placed too high on the cord near the headset . The plug makes lots of static in the jack if I bump it at all . The mute button is more than useless . There 's no way to tell if you have it off or on until the person on the other line says , `` hey , are you still there ... hello ! '' Even with it off , the other person said , `` You sound so far away . What 's wrong ? '' My advice
 The headset is nice and lightweight on your head , but everyone complains that i am too quiet and sound far away even though i have the volume turned all the way up on both the headset and the phone . The mute button does n't work at all . Also , i have a normal sized head but this did not adjust small enough for me .
 I bought this for my treo 650 . The fit was quite tight and you had to push down to get it onto the cradle . After less than a month , the sync/charging prongs collasped through the floor rendering the product useless . Also no hot sync button on the cradle -LRB- not as big a deal -RRB- but extra step to hotsync via icon on device . Stick with the manufacturer cradle .
 could n't get the program to work with my krzr motorolla phone . They have the same program at work i found out later and they cant get it to work with the company motorolla phones either ...
 this sale , the disc and cable are of no use to me . I tried installing drivers etc. and Nothing , `` NOTHING '' worked . it 's easy $ for someone and now I remember why I do n't shop here often .
 wasted money , shoulda gone thru verizon to buy the real program and cable . no help from the manufacturer , mobile action co. you get what you pay for .
 I , too , have had the same problem with this software and consider the cost money wasted .
 I ordered a phone case from the collegiante series with the Michigan State university logo on it and in green and white the school colors . I was shipped a university of Michigan case in blue and gold witht he word Michigan on the front . The product tag marks it as Michigan state , this means that all items in the inventory are mismarked.When I asked to speak to a higher up person so I could explaind the problem they said they would send an e-mail . I said I would keep the one I got and give it to a friend and that they could just ship the correct one , I would pay for the item they pay the shipping . they have no understanding of how to deal with a problem like this and I have no idea what is going on any thoughts ? They told me to just reorder and see what happens . The item by the way is just fine and a good value for the $ 10.00
 I was completely unhappy with this product . I am not sure where the patented noise reduction technology that is advertised was but my family could not hear me due to background noise on interstated drives . When I was not on the interstate they said I sounded like I was in a hole . I was told I could return it -LRB- still out the shipping to and from -RRB- but now I ca n't find the box.I bought the new jawbone bluetooth that has gotten the highest Cnet rating ever and it is awesome . Spend the money the first time and get the best .
 I recently purchased this bluetooth Scala-500 and used it all about maybe 5 times . Why such a short amount of time ? Because the sound quality heard on the other end is so poor that I am told it sounds like I am in a windy tunnel when in fact I am in the car with the windows up and radio off . It 's a bit too hot to drive with air condition off and windows up just so the person on the other end can hear me . Now I keep this piece of junk in my console and will only use it if my Logitech bluetooth is out of power . If you buy this make sure you plan to use it in a place like a library where there are no sounds at all to interfere . The only good thing about this headset is that it was easy to setup and connects well with my cell phone . Think twice about buying this product or check it out at your local retailer first . Even with the rebate I only paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , but still not a bargain . The one star was for the ease of setting up with my cell phone .
 Constantly had problems with breaks in the mic 's audio . The user can hear OK but you 'll be driven nuts if you 're the person on the other end . Do n't buy .
 Brought the ear piece for my wife who 's very picky and wanted one to match her blackberry , found this one and the reviews were pretty good so I tried it and it worked good for about 2 weeks then it just went out on me , would not hold a charge , the seller only gives a 15 day warranty so now I have to try and go through the company to try and get refund .
 I loved this little thing and it worked so well but only for a short time . I toss it in my purse after I use so I 'm sure it 's partly my fault . The ear piece came completely disconnected from the rest of it . I really did n't have it that long . What a dissappointment . It really works great and I LOVE the color and how light it is , but the ear thing needs to be more solid/sturdy .
 This thing is well made for what it is , but it is too small ! I do not have arms as big as the dude in pic wearing it , and it is too small for me to wear in the position he is wearing it in . It 's a shame because it is well made and otherwise a fine product for what it is designed for.Update ; Had my wife sew in a small band of velcro where it was lacking for a bigger fit , and coul n't be happier with the armband , now that it fits .
 It did not work . Do not waste your money . Wish I could get my money back .
 The reader melted ... that 's righted MELTED ... my SIM card . The device generated so much heat it was hot to the touch as I pulled it from the USB port after smelling something burning . I read a few bad reviews for this product , much having to do with how it operated . That outcome would have been a raging success compared to my outcome . How do I file a products liability claim ?
 I think this is a fake product . It does n't even begin to work on the absolute latest version of Windows WP SP2.I 've tried all of the software on the CD ROM . Nothing works . Emailed the manufacturer -- they said they would get back to me -- no response.The one good review on here is probably the manufacturer reviewing his own product .
 The price was hard to resist . I needed to back up the phone numbers on my cell phone -LRB- strangely Tmobile does not have a way to download the numbers from the phone -RRB- The product arrived in a shiny box stating ` SIM reader Lead Tide ' -LRB- no model or serial numbers -RRB- . Unfortunately it never worked . My W2k based computer detected the USB device , but could not find a proper driver , not on computer and not on included minidiskette , which contains over a dozen executable files from various vendors without any explanation , rhyme or reason . No manual was included not even the ` Guid book ' advertised on the box -LRB- no ` Warranty repair-card/Extensional cable ' -RRB- -LSB- sic -RSB- . Internet search just revealed many frustrated people trying to make the device work in vain , some claiming finding a partial solution , others giving up and accepting the loss.I feel this is a product never quite developed being put in a box and sold for a low price by a low reputation vendor with a thick skin .
 The unit itself is fine , I guess . It 's a cheap Chinese box with no manufacturer name on the box or unit , but it does seem to be able to read a SIM card . I did n't have any luck actually using it , though , since the software is unstable and I ca n't find any alternative software that works with it.I got it from Geeks through this listing on Amazon.com . It looks just like the picture , and says `` SIM Card Reader No. 652 '' on the back . The box and contents are similar , but not exactly like the pictures . The box does not say `` 650 '' in the bottom left corner or have the orange circle in the bottom right . Otherwise it looks the same . It also does not have `` The Expert of USB V 1.353 D '' CD . Inside is an 80 mm Mini CD labeled `` USB 2.0 Sim Card Reader '' . In Linux and Windows , it recognizes it as a standard mass storage device , but ca n't read anything because it 's an unknown filesystem . -LRB- The tab on the side is for write-protect mode , by the way . -RRB- The documentation consists of a single . doc file on the CD , which seems to be largely copied from some USB flash drive documentation online , which is n't actually relevant to this device?The software is garbage . In Windows , I inserted the CD , which contains six files : wnaspi32.dllSkinMagic.dllSCSI.DLLDiskCtrl.dllSimCardRead.exeSIM Card Users Manual V1 .0 - EN.docWhen I ran SimCardRead.exe , I was able to download my phone book according to the instructions in the . doc file and save it as a . CSV file . When I tried to download SMS messages though -LRB- which is why I bought this ; my cheap phone does n't accept a data cable -RRB- , the software downloaded the messages , displayed them for a split second , and then crashed , persistently . So the hardware seems to work , but the software does n't . I wrote to the company I bought it from for tech support , to see if they had any luck with previous customers or had alternative software I could use . They gave me a full refund and said not to bother sending it back . I 'm going to buy something else , and this time I 'm going to make sure the manufacturer actually has a website . With tech support .
 I am unable to properly review the product itself because not only did I receive the wrong item but , it was a reader/writer I could have purchased for $ 8.00 dollars instead of almost $ 30.00 . In addition to these issues , I am still unable to use it due to installation/program compatibility problems . The seller made a show of being available for any trouble I might have but , has yet to be in contact since notified of my disgust . Please do not purchase anything from Cams Digital . Thank you .
 This product absolutely does not work . It has Windows 98 drivers , bad -LRB- none -RRB- directions . I also happened to have a win98 HP system I just reset to factory defaults with a clean OS . NONE of the apps worked , multiple drivers on the CD , bad english , and constantly rebooting/locked system . Anyone selling this product should think about the integrity of their business . What a joke .
 with three different Operating Systems - WinMe , WinXP , and Vista . It would not install properly on any of them . The software would install , but could not find the device . The driver CD reminds me of the days of shovelware , when unscrupulous companies would market disks of multimedia , and included nothing but a bunch of cr@p . This looks like someone bought a bunch of defective merchandise from a cheap importer , and then markets it all around the Web .
 I ordered mine back in July anticipating a cell phone change . Mine did n't work either . XP seems to want to view it as a drive and does n't allow their software to detect it.Emailed them asking if they had updated downloads : `` Please also send us your order no . so that we can assist you better . `` I sent them the order number and date : `` Thank you for your email . However , your order no . does not match our records . `` I tried free driver downloads from three competing products and nothing worked . I 'm sure if you could stop XP from detecting it as a drive , their poorly written software might work . I tried many different sequences of uninstalling it in Hardware Manager , running the software , rebooting and reinstalling the device with no success.I believe this device was made for a very specific application/situation and should not have been sold en masse to the public .
 I have purchased hundreds of products on Amazon , and this is the worst ! The price was great , and , of course , it was too good to be true . I purchased five of these , thinking my friends would love them . The manual is a small piece of paper that refers to an install directory that does n't exist -LRB- and also assumes that your CD-ROM is your `` G '' drive -RRB- . The set-up drivers were referred to as being for a device with a serial port , and this is supposed to be a USB device ! The SIM card could not fully seat in the device . Of course , the device could not be seen by my computer . I was just thankful that this piece of junk did not trash my SIM card , and cause me to lose all of my addresses . I found this item elsewhere on the internet as a closeout , I think someone is just trying to dump some worthless junk . This is my first negative review of a product on eBay . People deserve to be warned about this product .
 There are too many files you must hunt for online that are not on the cd . If you can read Chinese you may fare better than reading the English instructions for the software . I 'm returning mine and will try something a little more expensive but from a company with better quality control .
 Would not install on 3 different Windows computers . No drivers on Windows XP CD nor Internet . Possible fishing lure !
 As far as I 've gotten in driver installation on an XP laptop and Vita desktop , the drivers will install only to a Win98 system . Nothing available on the web as an upgraded driver . Forget this one .
 Software provided does not work . Can not find any helpful info on web except that lots of other people bought and can not use this item either.DO NOT BUY
 POS , Do n't Buy !!!! I received a blank disk with no drivers and no instructions which are supposed to be included . You know your in trouble when you recieve a package in the mailbox straight from Beijeng China . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!! Piece
 this cheap little piece of plastic cost me three hours of my time the instructions were in chinese and did not work whatsoever , i left negative feedback for the ComputerGeek company and they have emailed me saying they will refund my purchase 8 weeks ago , apparently `` the check is in the mail '' .
 I purchased two of these . absolute rubbish.As an enterprise level `` uber-geek '' I spent two hours fighting with this trying every trick to get it to work . No go . my colleague also spent about an hour on a separate PC . Neither one of us could ever get it to do more than show up in windows as a device.The install software is not intuitive , and apparently was created using a trial copy of the installer application -LRB- with splash screens of `` insert your logo here '' , etc. -RRB- trying to actually USE the software was a joke . Documentation was virtually nonexistent , with almost all images in the HTML help files missing.I 'd give this zero stars if that were possible . what a waste .
 Bought a Motorola SNN5517 battery to replace two batteries delivered with my Motorola Timeport cell phone . The original batteries worked well for 10 years or more before their capacity to hold a charge started to fail.The replacement battery from Mega Wholesale/Big Mike 's Electronics started to show signs of failing after a couple of months , and after 7-8 months it could hardly hold enough of a charge to turn on the phone and make one phone call . I wonder how long that battery was on the shelf in Big Mike 's warehouse ? Neither the date of manufacture nor the ` best before ' date is indicated on the battery , so it was n't clear when I received the battery that its best days were probably long ago . Beware of ordering batteries from a reseller ... you may receive a &#34; vintage &#34; battery that 's well past its prime !
 ... only when it works . I bought it because the lights lit up when there 's a incoming call . Love it ! However , after 2 months , the screen suddenly went blank and it would n't work . I drained the battery and it came back after 3 days . However , 2 weeks later while I was on a business trip , it failed on me again and it never came back . Since this was not a US version , it cost me a lot to fix it so I did n't do it . Very disappointed especially I loved this phone !
 Its does not `` Replaces Nokia BL-5F '' as the `` Product Features '' say . It is a `` BL-6C '' as the `` Product Details , Item model number
 When you turn it off , it makes a loud ring , which is the * last * thing you would want when turning it off . There is no way in any of the menus to disable it . -LRB- This does not happen if you already have it on silent . -RRB- The control for its volume is on the side , so that the volume will likely be changed from having it in your pocket.Often when it is set to ring , it will not . I 'm not sure why.It has hard-wired into it several phone numbers -LRB- such as customer service -RRB- that * will * come first in your Contacts list ; this can not be disabled . -LRB- You can put all your contacts in the General category and select that and only see those -- until you power down , and then you 're back to seeing those built-in numbers again . -RRB- You can only put so many numbers in a category ; this can not be changed . It 's a small number , too , so the ability to create your own categories is essentially useless.The timer can be set for 5 minutes , 10 , 30 , 1 hour , or 3 hours -LRB- possibly more -RRB- . You ca n't set it to an interval of your choosing .
 I have an HTC Evo.I added a skin for protection . With the skin , the phone does not fit . Without the skin , it 's a hard SHOVE and I cringe every time , knowing I am damaging my phone . If this item expanded , then I am sure it would work , but for the newer touch smart phones , this is way too slender . If my EVO does n't fit , an iPhone wo n't fit . Trying to take it off , the pieces all broke inside my vent . So sad it did not work out !
 I was excited to get this item , as I used to travel 400 miles every other weekend . I drive a MT car , and would have loved to be able to use this during my long commute , but when it arrived , it would not charge . :--LRB- I contacted the seller for an exchange , and they wanted me to pay to return the defective item . After kindly pointing out that I had already paid for the item as listed , and to have it shipped , and that it would make no sense to have me pay to return the item to them , I received no further communication from the seller , but did receive an email from Amazon informing me that I had received a full refund for my item , so in the end , I never received a working unit , but I received a full refund for the defective item .
 My order was for 7 of Xcite BLUE2GO , 4 of them work good , but I have problems with 3 units -LRB- 57 % of my order was successful -RRB- . For the 4 units that work , when I connect the charger the red light turns blue after a few hours and then works fine.When I connect the charger to the 3 non-functional units the light is constant red . I have waited for 48 hours without results . I consider that the battery is not charging . Return these units to the store is more expensive -LRB- money and time -RRB- than buying new ones -LRB- obvious another brand -RRB- .
 This device never worked the way I expected , very difficult to pair with your phone , it disconnects all the time v12 car charger , steering wheel remote control does not have enough strength to reach when you 're driving .
 Simply put , what a piece of ... crap . The instructions are vague , setup is difficult to impossible , and the quality of the item is poor . I would definitely NOT recommend purchasing this item .
 i think they should stop selling this product here . i recevied this item and plugged it in to my 12v car charger . and nothing happened . it doesnt work . poor quality . i didnt even returned it b/c its waste of my time going to post office . i just trashed in garbage . . Dont buy it !!!
 I 'm not sure I would buy another product with the Xcite name on it . I bought 2 of these . One for each car . I figured at the price I do n't have much to loose . Well the first one would n't charge the headset making it junk . I 'm a bit of a techy and was never able to figure out how to make the car unit work and the volume on the headset of the second one was far from loud enough . The positive side is that when I tried to return the defective unit , I was told by the shipper that it 's not worth the shipping to return defective units and to throw it away . They then credited my account for full purchase price . I would not recommend this product . However , the shipper was fantastic .
 This product is slightly smaller than the original Tmobile MDA stylus . DO NOT BUY this product to replace your original stylus .
 The one review that said `` you get what you pay '' for is wrong - there are indeed vendors selling the exact compact same Motorola charger here on Amazon and they sell it for under $ 1.00 -LRB- + shipping -RRB- but DO NOT BUY THIS CHARGER FROM THE OEM SHOP ! I believe all the chargers under this auction/sale are defective and they do not work . I should know , I ordered 4 and all 4 of them did not work at all -LRB- what are the chances of that ? -RRB- After the OEM order arrived and I saw that none of the charges worked , I did tests using the several working chargers I already owned and the three working RAZR phones I also owned . I tested all 4 of the defective chargers and my tests were conclusive
 I bought this charger for my cell phone , It lasted about a week.I paid $ 10.00 for it , but when it no longer worked I went to my cell phone carrier store and bought one from them that cost $ 30.00 . So I look at this as a lesson , you get what you pay for , if it is cheaper then it wo n't last .
 Did n't get the right thing . Got a car charger instead ! Did n't want to take the time to send it back .
 Very pretty ; looks great on any cell phone ... however it broke within a couple of days ! I was very disappointed that all it took is putting it in my pocket to break it . Definately not worth the money .
 This is a horrible product , and horrible customer service from seller ... avoid like the plague !
 so the price of the item was great , a lot cheaper than what you will pay in any store . the problem was it would n't charge my nano . it was stated in the details it was compatiable with 5th generation ipod nano with video , and on the package itself it stated it was compatiable with iphone , ipod , ipod nano etc. . . boy was it wrong , unless i ended up with the wrong product . i decided to give it to my sister to see if should could use it for her ipod and you know it , it would n't charge that either so i 'm going to give it away to someone with a iphone , hopefully they 'll be able to use it , we 'll see ...
 The charger did not work for the G5 Video as described . I planned to return it , but normally the shipping charges are n't refunded which means that I would lose money returning the charger . Luckily , my mom bought a Nano for my daughter this Christmas and the charger works for that .
 I ordered this and it would n't work . The seller was reliable , so sent me another one . It worked one time , then would never work again . I began looking for them , and all across Amazon , regardless of the seller , these items do NOT work with the iphone . Some had luck with ipod , but search yourself for `` iPhone wall chargers '' and look at all the reviews . Almost ALL who bought for iPhone use found they would n't work . Mine actually DRAINED the battery rather than charging it !
 It was worked for 4 days only !!!!!! Its very bad Item.Do not buy it . . I dont know what the problem is but its no more working.Thanks , Pratap
 I have not been able to get this to charge my iPod 80g - tried multiple outlets , while playing/not playing/turned off . Nada . The icon indicates that the iPod thinks it 's being charged , but it never actually did.Note that you pay $ 0.01 + $ 3.99 in shipping - so if defective you can only get the $ 0.01 back .
 This phone will not recognize a MicroSD card larger than 2GB . I have updated to the latest firmware and software and this phone is still glitchy . All of the adapters are proprietary . I bought this phone to listen to MP3s and its really not good for that . I paid $ 300 and I would say its worth $ 30 . All i can do with it is make phone calls and send text messages . This phone is not a step up .
 I could hear the person I was calling fine , but everything I said was very static-y . You could hear every little movement if I adjusted the phone at all .
 FYI , this item does NOT work with the non-standard micro-USB slots on the Samsung Captivate . Do not buy for any of the Galaxy Class S phones .
 I bought the black one for under $ 40 , and after having it now for just under a year , I would not purchase another one.Cons
 The case held the phone fine -LRB- if you did n't run it into anything -RRB- , but the clip was cheap and broke after a few uses . The clip was flimsy and loose . Like a said , it broke .
 Mine usually last about 3 months and I am out on construction sites often so it gets used . I have to have a holster like this , just ca n't stand the pouches . So , typically I 'll order a few at a time to last me a year to save on shipping costs , but really it does get old and the more I think about it can be costly if I were to lose the phone . So , I 'm going to pay a little more up front and get the Sedio holster that appears to be much more durable . Plus it has the sleeper mode magnet so I can finally unlock my keypad ... so annoying to have to unlock it everytime I pick it up . $ 20 more , but hopefully will be worth it .
 Just like the other reviews , it broke within a couple weeks . The top clip broke off .
 If you use your 8830 as much as I do you 'll be taking it in and out of it 's holster all day long.When the holster first arrived I was impressed by how light it was . But , like the other reviewer noted , the design is flawed . The top piece that holds the 8830 into the case will flex and break within the week . Almost guaranteed to break within the month . Because mine was $ 9 on some other website it was n't worth the $ 5 in shipping to fight with the other company I bought it from . Please do n't buy this holster . I settled on an OEM leather case instead .
 The holster came in very handy until it broke . The design is flawed . The area near the top , just above the belt clip handle , has a cut out for the speaker . The cut out leaves very little material for strength of the entire top area that actually locks the phone into the holster . I bumped the phone against my desk chair and I heard a snap but the phone did n't drop out because of the cupped area on the bottom holding it in . So I did n't think much of it until I tried to remove the phone and it just slipped right out . Then I saw that the locking area broke off at the weak spot . This was with a very small bump against an office chair . The very brittle plastic probably did n't help . Thanx but I do n't wan na risk putting my new Blackberry into a holster this weak .
 I could not get the XM radio to modulate with my cars FM radio . I also have a Delphi XM radio and have had no problems . I followed the directions to the letter .
 The clips on this item are horrible . I ordered two because my hubby looses his , well they both broke within the three 1/2 months since ordered .
 Still waiting 20 days later for a phone . We keep hearing 48 to 72 hours later . I am sad . My husband is so frustrated that today he will go pay big money for the phone at a Nextel dealer . They claim to have zero motorola phones , but the Amazon tag says `` in stock '' . Customer service is not helpful . We keep having to call them for updates .
 Although it clearly states that it is an SCP-4700 what they will send you is a 4900 . It took 2 weeks to get a response from the seller and after returning the product instead of getting the correct one they issued a refund so I lost 3 weeks and all shipping charges .
 Shipping was fast , customer service was good . The item received was the wrong item , it seems to be that they did n't have what i was looking for so they sent a different item in it 's place . I sent it back for a return with no questions asked .
 Bought it for my HTC Evo 3D at an electronics store since I was on the road and needed a headset . People could barely hear me since it was either too noisy or the sound kept cutting off . I wish I had read the reviews before buying it .
 Good design , but people I called said that I sounded as if I was speaking through a tin can covered with socks ... Too bad , very disappointing . Do n't bother .
 Bought this handset about a year ago . Wanted something different from the usual BT headsets and paid a premium for it . But totally disappointed ... the audio is terrible ... there 's too much static and you have to speak at the top of your voice to get heard on the other side ... that is if you get lucky . The customer service from the company is good though , they 've patiently replaced 2 units so far for when i contacted them with the audio problem -LRB- I would have preferred that they acknowledge the problem with the product and replaced it with their best seller -RRB- ,
 Did not like it at all . Was very loose on ear , fell of ear easy and had very bad reception and lots of background noise and static . Went back to the plantronic which is much better
 I ordered the Blue Ant X5i from Shopcell - an Amazon market place vendor . While the product was delivered promptly enough , alas - it would n't even switch on.My first step was to call `` BLUEANT '' customer support -LRB- North America -RRB- . After a moderate wait I was able to get a live support rep. We went over diagnostics , but within the first minute of the call , his question was `` How much did you pay for this product ? '' . . When I answered $ 30 on Amazon.com - his response was '' Must have been refurbished ! - send it back to the seller !! '' ... When I mentioned the description says - brand new and it arrived in new packaging his answer did n't change.At this point - it became pretty obvious that he 'd lost all interest in the call and wanted to just get me off the phone ... Then I asked about their product warranty - I even have a product warranty card - he said , `` call the seller first or return it to them ! '' ... What kind or condescending product support/warranty is this - product support has no business asking about product price ... I highly doubt their product warranty means anything to them or - or even if they will stand behind it.Their product support and brand standards are probably just like their product - substandard and indifferentUnfortunately I ca n't give them less than 1 star
 worst product ever bought through amazon ... if you are smart you will dump it !!! the noise factor makes it immpossible for other people to here or under stand you ... wish i never threw out all paperwork or i would send it back ... please check your products more carefully , you have a reputation to protect
 I would love to use this but my computer will not read the CD . Check your computer for compatibility and get the right version for your application . Until I replace my CD reader , I 'll be e-mailing all of my pictures to myself and duplicating information manually on computer and on my phone . All the while this product collects dust in a drawer at my PC .
 In two words `` pathetic software '' . I can not help but pity the users of this software.This was my experience . I lost my Motorola V 551 , came back home and started this software . Surprise ! No backups found ... my regular backups every month surprisingly could NOT be found.Luckily I did a system-wide search and located the . CDB files ... So much for the $ 30 I spent on this @ # $ % @ ## ! PRO 's --------- 1 . Uses up some of your Hard disk space -LRB- read `` Can not think of any '' -RRB- CON 's ------- 1 . Software does not work2 . slow transfers via USB cable
 I have only used this phone charger for my phone 5 times and it broke at the tip that goes into the charging spot in the car . The charging spot is not a lighter spot . It is a separate charging unit . I am very disappointed .
 I 've had this product for less than a month , almost three weeks to be exact and it 's already broken . I like to talk on my phone whenever I want to , which includes when it 's charging . The stress on the rubber pulled the covering of the wires off at the plug and at the charger 's base , and eventually pulled the wires out enough so that the it no longer charges . To me , althugh some may think the extra stress on the product should be applied , the product is ridiculous . The other charger 's I 've bought have lasted till now , and I 've had them for close to nine months . Also , the cord is no where near long . That is annoying .
 The charger did not work as advertised . It failed to provide enough power to even make calls when plugged in . Complete write-off .
 I ordered this charger on 4/30 , which was a month and a week ago . Then a few days ago it died on me , and I have not been able to use it . I guess I got what i paid for .
 I received this product and attempted to charge my Plantronics Discovery 510 and neither the headset nor the unit showed any power indicated . I could have received a faulty product but for 10 dollars it 's hardly worth sending it back to find out . Guess I will need to purchase the brand name product for over twice as much more to ensure a proper product .
 Sometimes you get what you pay for ... The AC adapter was cheap in price and its cheap in quality . The di-pole plug falls out of the bluetooth ear piece . You have to move around to fined the `` sweet spot '' where it will a -RRB- not fall out b -RRB- keep in contact internally so as to actually charge the device . Once in place do n't touch it or it will stop charging ! Do n't buy it . Get an OEM power supply .
 CRAPThe picture is copied after original Plantronics item.The stuff they sell is a cheap , ugly and big volume charger.I did never used it since I bought it , since I was made about this cheat.Don ' t recommand to buy it , from this seller City CellularCity Cellular Storefronthttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/help/seller/at-a-glance.html?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled;=0&orderID;=102-2339864-2901858&marketplaceSeller;=0&seller;=A2N6MIU756TWKO
 This product is worth the 25 cents that I paid for it.The plastic `` holster '' cradle is contoured to the phone exactly . It also holds the phone snugly without making it difficult to remove . But you would n't need to take your cell phone out of this holder anyway because all the buttons and the charger/data port are accessible . Even the camera lens on the back of the phone is usable if you twist the clip sideways.Said clip is the only Achilles Heel of this holster . The spring is n't nearly tight enough to hold it in place . I would be afraid to go running down the street with it on , because the clip would probably come loose . For a very sedentary person , it would be fine.Overall I 'd say that this product is worth what I paid for it . But I 'm going to look into someway to modify the clip and make it tighter .
 Motorola Slim Battery is useless ! I would not recommend it to anyone . It did not increase the power holding capacity as I expected .
 I am very technically inclined and received this head set as a gift . The first day I tried it out I thought it was pretty good . I use it in my car most of the time . By day 2 I was already seeing why it is so cheap.Constantly loses signal with my verizon razr . So you have to restart the head unit and if that does n't sync it with the phone again , then you have to restart the phone . Major pain to have to restart the phone while driving defeats the purpose of blue tooth imo.It has a blinking blue light always on . Even when you are not in a call it blinks and blinks and you ca n't turn it off . You ca n't leave it showing in your car because it blinks so bright that it attracts attention.Instructions timings are also incorrect . For example you have to firmly hold the power on button for a good 10-12 not 5 as the book says.Sound quality is good inside my truck and in the house has maybe like 20 feet distance but only in open spaces.Overall this is not for anyone who needs to seriously not worry about there bluetooth syncing on and off etc. .
 I got this headset with my LG VX8100 so I could n't return it ... otherwise I would 've . The sound quality is fair at best . Whenever I turn up the volume there 's an echo heard by me and on the other end . On a positive note , it 's very comfortable given all the adjustments you can make to the ear hook .
 I bought this unit from the Verizon store to pair with my Motorola E815 . Sound quality was n't too bad but there were some very annoying traits which caused me to return the product .1 . While wearing it I would get a single beep in my ear . Not knowing what this meant I would look at my phone and the BT symbol would be off . But than the phone start magically dialing whoever I last spoke with .2 . Why do we need the STUPID strobe light ? This thing is truly annoying at night in the car . Stupid useless `` feature ? `` 3 . Felt `` floppy '' on my ear . Just not good . It was light enough but annoying.This has been returned for a Motorla H700 . I will report on this after enough time to try it .
 Was very pleased with this headset until people on the other end of the line started complaining of an annoying echo . Very disappointing since the BT150 functioned very well otherwise . Only remedy for the echo was the turn the volume down very low . This would lesson the echo , but would be too low to hear well even in a normal noise level environment .
 This headset has echo problems for the person you 're speaking to.It 's light and easy to put on , but the echo problems are a show-stopper for me .
 How hard can it be , shipped a cell phone carrying case instead of a charger .
 This type of cover breaks after a short while . The used plastic is not so good.Buy the ruber one if you do n't mind it getting stuck when inserting into pocket .
 The case does the job , the cellphone its really protected , so well protected the small hole for the charger and to plug the headphones dosent work thanks to the well constructed and ` perfect fit ' the seller describe.Stay Away from this Product .
 I am not happy with this item or the seller . I ordered this several days ago and never got a comfirmation e-mail from the seller , as I normally do when purchasing from a 3rd party on Amazon . I was really wanting a case for my new iPod before it got scratched -LRB- and of course because they took so long with my order , it did get scratched -RRB- , so I paid for the $ 9 + expedited shipping . They shipped it First Class -LRB- which means normal -RRB- , and the stamp on it is only for $ 1.25 . Why did they charge me so much when the shipping was that little and the handling was not at all expedited?I was ready to forgive them for taking so long with it until I actually saw the product . It is not at all the bright yellow like the picture shows . It is more of a nasty mustard-green . I will most definitely be sending it back , and I am going to require they refund the postage as well because I did not pay nearly ten dollars for them to take their time with my order .
 This charger - though the number is the number of my phone - did not work - the jack to the phone is not the same . Not sure I can even get money back - probably not . I 'll avoid buying accessories via Amazon in the future and buy direct from the OEM in the future .
 I thought I liked the phone a lot after I got it brand new from T-mobile . Then it dropped on the CARPET of my apartment , from the dining room table -LRB- a very short distance -RRB- and the screen went black . I had only used it for 3 days . T-mobile did not refund or replace the phone ...
 I am a faithful Nokia customer , and this has been the worst phone I have ever owned . I 've had the phone just over a year , and have nothing but trouble with it . I think I may have gotten a `` lemon '' but even so , the text message set up on this phone is really not user friendly . You have to go through more menus than previous -LRB- and older -RRB- Nokias just to send a text message , even when using the `` shortcuts . '' And it rarely remembers the spellings that I save into the phone , so I constantly have to retype my friend 's names , and words I use all the time . I tried using the music player but it required using some questionable software , and installing it on my computer , which I did not want to do . The songs that came preloaded on the phone go off at random ... The music just starts playing . After one year , my phone does not ring consistently . Sometimes it just lights up if I have a call , or gives off a garbled ring . It has zero water damage , it 's just a crappy phone . It also only came with a few ring tones , which seems strange considering it was fairly expensive last year . I would never buy this phone again or recommend it to someone else . Bummer .
 I have had this phone for ten months and within in the first few hours of having it the screen was already scratch from putting it in my pocket . The phone also has a very crappy battery and my friends who have the same phone say that their batteries do n't hold power well either . The buttons on the front and sides of the phone are not to great either . All of the buttons on the front of my have at some point either got stuck or just have n't worked . On my friends ' phones , they have had many of the buttons fall off . The music player on the phone is okay . The phone also has a problem with the password and security section because even when i first got it it would not let me set a password or make it password protected . A good thing about the phone is that it can fall down a flight of stairs and still work the same as it did before . Oh , yeah the back is very difficult to take off and as time goes by it gets even more difficult .
 For the first three months that I had the phone , everything was fine . But after three months , the volume just completely died ! The alarm , the ring , the music player , everything . Now the sound works sometimes -LRB- it took three weeks for it to start working again and that was totally at random , nothing I did -RRB- , but it 's off and on . Sometimes it 's quiet , sometimes it goes in and out while it 's ringing , sometimes normal , and sometimes just dead . And it 's frustrating to not have external ringing volume control , although holding down the pound key will switch between silent and normal . Another problem is I could not get the voice activated controls to work . I 'm sure they do , I just could n't figure it out , and I 've never had trouble using voice activated controls with any other phone I 've had . Another problem I 've had is that sometimes even when I have a signal , a call will just end for no reason . Granted sometimes I do accidentally hit the end call button , which is of course not a problem with the phone , but sometimes there is honestly no reason for it . Also , it has a pretty short battery life , so if that bothers you I recommend a Motorola as they tend to have long battery life -LRB- although be warned , in my experience Motorola phones tend to freeze and also do not typically have the signal quality of other phones -RRB- . Another problem I 've recently had with this phone is that the games on my phone stopped functioning properly . Also , this phone does n't have as much memory as I would like , so that was disappointing . But fortunately it does have a micro SD card slot , and mine came with a card already in it . Finally , as for my phone background , whenever I try to use a picture I took myself as the wallpaper , it does n't show up as `` full screen '' which is what the phone calls right side up . If there 's a way to do it , I have n't found it!The pluses are that the external controls for the music player and radio are nice , although it 'd be nice if you did n't have to plug in your headphones to listen to the radio . The stereo headset that came with the phone was nice too . The buttons were easy to use , and I like using this phone for texting.But when you weigh the pros and cons , for me this just is n't the right phone . I 've had the phone 8 and 1/2 months now , and I 'm looking for a new one . I usually try to keep phones for a year at least , but not this one . I was using my `` back up phone '' half the time after only 3 months of owning this phone , but I recently gave my back up phone to my sister . It 's definitely time for a new one .
 Bought this one for my wife during our contract renewal . We have been loyal customers to our carrier since 1999 . Very first month phone starting to act up . T-mobile renewed it . The second phone was not better either.The phone 's music features were much better than what this one was designed for
 Okay , dont get me wrong this phone is okay since it has a music player but at the end of the day this phone sucks !!!!!!!!!! The only reason why I got it was becuase it was cheap for me to renew my contract with T-mobile . It was not worth it . You cant listen to the radio unless you have the EXACT headphones that T-moblie gives to you , otherwise you have to plug in a stupid audio converter device . The camera takes pics that look like they were developed in 1974 . And the stupid thing locks its buttons every 5 minutes . I have to unlock or open the phone every time want to look at something .
 I want to say this is a great phone and for the most part it 's pretty good and it looks like consumers are fairly pleased with the phone . However , when I first got the phone , I was n't fully pleased with it . The sound and reception was great . Music was easy to upload . Texting was easy to use and sent in a flash . Talk time and standby was horrible . It seemed liked it had all these awesome features but they battery was n't able to keep up with it all . Playing games , taking picures or listening to music ran down the battery very fast . Even if I barely used my phone , the battery would get low . I thought this phone would be nice to have for my bus ride to work , but I knew if I listened to music on the way there , I would n't have much talk time left in case of emergency . I could 've had a faulty battery ... who knows . The shape and style was awesome however , the phone did n't seem very durable and the silver plastic piece where your ear would go was starting to peel off and I had only had the phone for 2 weeks ! The slider feature was pretty cool although it was my first slider phone and it was easy to hang up on people if you 're chatting and multi-tasking . I ended up trading the phone in for the Samsung Blast before my buyers remorse was up . I 'm happy with the Samsung Blast , but I love my Nokias ! If it was n't for the horrible battery life , I would 've stuck with this phone ...
 I 've had this phone for 4 months now . At first I loved it , but after about the first week , I started to find glitches . I only use it for calls and listening to music . Here 's what 's wrong with it now :1 . After first week , noticed that it would restart itself in the middle of phone calls , effectively dropping the phone call .2 . During the first month , it started interrupting songs because it was waiting for voice commands - I never pushed any buttons so I do n't know why it did this .3 . Last month it stopped recognizing the headphones when they were plugged in . Now it will only play music through the speakers .4 . Today it started working only through the speakerphone . I could n't turn speakerphone off to have a private conversation . Restarted the phone , and now it seems to be back to normal.I thought that maybe I just happened to be the unlucky one with the bad phone , but saw these reviews and realized that maybe this is n't a good phone
 This phone has so many damn features it is so difficult to use . I wanted it because of the mp3 player and radio features . Well , I have been at this for over 3 hours trying to configure my music on this phone . I am not able to put it into the correct folder . Apparently the music is supposed to go into the `` my music '' folder . There is also a `` music '' folder . CONFUSING !!! And the `` shortcut keys '' to play the music , on the side of the phone , do n't seem to be working either . Also , it ' very hard to open the back and put in the batter and sim card , especially if you do n't have nails . Right now , the only thing I like about this phone is the slide feature . There are so many features , and different names for each feature you forget where in the menu its at and what to look for . I 've never had a hard time with electronics in my life . This is a first for me , to not be able to use something like this . I usually never even have to open up a manual . So far , this phone has done nothing but give me a headache and make me late for a previous engagement . I 'm so frustrated with it !
 The Had 2 of these phones . The first one I bought , and the second one was a replacement from the insurance . Both phones had a cracked screen within two months of use and from everyday . If you buy this phone , expect to have a cracked screen if you accidentally drop it onto any hard surface from 6 inches or more .
 The phone felt fragile . Not very good . It looks better in the picture but feels too platic like in real.Returned it , Amazon handled the return fairly well .
 This may be a good music player but it is NOT a good phone . After 8 months of regular use the buttons are n't working to go through the menu options and it gets `` stuck '' on certain pages or options . This phone is Nokia , supposedly one of the better phones for reception , and the reception is terrible and it is not because service is strong or weak .
 Item came with the battery latch broken in box . Sent back to company ... waiting for replacement . It is just what we are looking for for travel ... hope to update review when we receive it .
 I purchased the JBL On Tour Mobile Speakers and found out that Amazon has to use Panther Networks for this item . Well this is when the problems started . First , it took over 2 weeks for my speakers to arrive , Panther uses Parcel Post , the cheapest and slowest method . When it came , I could not get the system to turn on and the latch for the battery case was damaged . After contacting Panther Networks , they made me send the product back . I did , priority mail . When Panther got the product back they let me know that they were able to get the speakers working and that the battery cover was in fact damaged . They said that they were refunding my money less a $ 30.00 re-stocking fee . So now I am out $ 30 plus the $ 15 I spent to send the item back . Amazon , not Panther Networks fixed the problem by refunding me the rest of the money . Amazon was great , I trust them and will not hesitate to purchase things from them in the future . As far as Panther Networks goes ... I would stay away .
 I purchased this battery April 8 , 2010 and installed it in my Tungsten T3 shortly thereafter . It is now March 16 , 2011 . My T3 stopped taking a full charge several months ago , and charges started lasting for shorter periods of time -LRB- usually a few days , much less than normal for my experience with this PDA -RRB- . Now the T3 will not charge or wake up at all . I 'm assuming the battery is the problem . Possibly I was sold `` new old stock . '' I understand that Li-Polymer batteries have a limited `` shelf life '' even if unused.My previous battery replacement in this same Tungsten T3 lasted from 8/2006 to 4/2010 , over three years rather than 10 months .
 I was very disappointed with this cover , as it split right at the hinge within a few days after purchase .
 This case is ok as a last resort or until there are more choices for this phone . My husband has one and his phone is always falling out of this case . After a while the catch that holds the two sides closed stops latching . At the slightest movement your phone will be on the floor . This is pretty much a metal frame and offers no screen protection at all .
 I was so excited on Christmas morning when I got a new Camcorder , It was my daughters first Christmas where she would be able to open her own presents , and the camera was not what I expected , it was very grainy and did not focus very well . In a low lit room you could not make out who were recording , I was trying to video people in the room and if there were two or more people in the shot it would only try to focus -LRB- and not very well -RRB- on one person.I will be returning this camera and hopefully getting a better one -RRB-
 I bought the phone tool package to do ONE thing . Copy ringtones from my pc to the phone . The icon for doing this is grayed out . Save your money . This was another looser product I bought from Amazon .
 I had to load the driver manually because it would not detect my phone . Once loaded , it would not recognize my phone attached . I was told that it was a vista problem . Downloaded several patches , still does not work .
 ... And I only paid $ 0.01 . It does not read my phone though it specifically states that my model is compatable . Buyer beware . I 'd give it a zero if I could . It seems pretty stupid to have to give a star to a product that does not work at all .
 This seemed like a great deal and it probably would have been , had I actually received the right cable . It says it supports my phone , but note that 2 different cables are pictured . I only received one , and it was not one that plugged into my phone . I returned it and did not try to re-order .
 Is a 100MB file that takes over all your e-mail functions so I have not used it and deleted from my computer . I only wanted to down load pictures from my phone with a USB cable .
 This product is a POS . It did fit in my phone , but it would not work . I tried several times , online , offline , updates , different computers , phone on , phone off . NOTHING worked . I 'm glad I only lost the $ 8 total or whatever it cost me . I am not pleased in any way and I would n't even rate it the one star if I had the choice .
 I tried all the suggestions was not able to get the pictures out of my Motorola V300.Didn ' t test it in other models
 I received this item , installed the software , and discovered that my phone would not be recognized . I 've done a lot of research online and discovered that Verizon changes settings on Motorola phones that prevent users from being able to use the Phone Tools software . Unless you know how to change these SEEM settings , and feel comfortable enough to risk making your phone unusable by experimenting with the settings , just be aware that the USB connection between your phone and your PC might not work . I did n't see any kind of warning about this possiblity on the product description page , so I 'm a bit disappointed , but I ca n't be bothered to take the time and expense to pack this thing back up and ship it back .
 I have a Win98SE OS and the manual says the product is compatible for the cameraphone 's model and OS , but the Motorolla toll free number says I have to get the 3.0-3 .5 version for my OS and so I recently did so from Amazon . . in the beginning the pixs transfer was working but the internet access say an error message stating port not available or something like that . . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it several times as well as downloading the slow live update from a 4.122 to a 4.221 version and it still did ` nt work . . maybe I 'm doing something wrong , but then again I 'm not computer savvy . . good luck if you can figure it out . . I think the 3.0 version would work from Amazon . .
 As others have mentioned here , it 's ridiculous that Plantronics forces its customers to purchase a replacement set of 3 different sizes , when all I needed was replacing the broken ear piece of the size I obviously know is the correct one for me . Why not offer packages with 3 ear gels of the same size , instead of forcing customers to order two sizes they do n't need , in order to get the one that fits . Absolutely outrageous ! For this idiocity I 'm giving it only one star , although obviously , the product itself is OK .
 It makes lots of sense when you purchase the headset to include three different sizes of earbuds . You get to choose which one fits best . But once you know that and want to order replacements , it makes NO SENSE to ship three different sizes . You should be able to order the replacement size you want and get three of them.The current marketing strategy is inefficient -LRB- for the consumer -RRB- , wastes resources -LRB- you throw away the two incorrect sizes -RRB- , and expensive -LRB- you pay for three , only to use one -RRB- . Come on Plantronics , you make great headsets , you can do a much better job of consumer supplies .
 i lost the original set and needed the replacement . if i can do it all over again , i would n't buy a bluetooth headset and instead stick with the corded headset since i only use it when i 'm in the car anyway .
 I saw a similar product at Verizon for my Moto Q , but thought I could get a better price online . Verizon price was $ 19 for a two-case package - one black and one silver . The single SF Planet version I ordered was BLACK , but it arrived in CLEAR , with a torn bottom edge . You could tell by the packaging alone that this product was inferior . The regular price is listed at $ 29.95 , `` sale '' price is seven bucks with another six bucks for shipping ... Trust me - a ripoff . You 're better off with the better-quality cases from Verizon , or spend a few bucks more for leather , but avoid this one .
 The product is ok . I am not overly thrilled with it , nor am I so disappointed with it .
 I bought these covers for myself and a friend of mine to cover our phones because we noticed that they were getting scratched . So we thought the silicone covers would work well because they are flexible ... they did work for what we wanted but then at about the same time the top on both of them broke . Now i know they were not that expensive but i would have they that they would have lasted more than a month .
 I bought this item for my A920 but it does not fit . The description states the A920 that is why I bought it but the adapter does not fit . Total loss of money , becuse sending it back costs as much as the item .
 The description said how it works with all these different samsung models but did not fit mine at all as I took a chance as I did n't see my model sph-m930 listed and I did not get re-imbursed either . I called Amazon before ordering another one and hopefully this will work .
 The phone was delivered on a timely manner , however it was missing the detachable belt clip.I recieved it a week later after contacting the seller.I was very unhappy with the product ... . I had a previous MOTOROLA RAZR case and this does not appear to be the same quality . I used the original one for apprx 3-4 years and although I realize this might not be the status quo . I did n'T expect the back to separate within several days of usage so it can no longer be used as it was intended.Iam back to where I was initially , looking for a case ... Lynn
 Now where do i start ... Please read the whole review .1 . The main thing is that the Phone processor is unstable . Shuts off when talking , texting or dialing . Not good when your on an important phone call . Cuts out on me about 2-3 times a day2 . Antenna is weak . Does n't pick up signels where my Razor did ! Always has dead spots . Will cut out more than any other phone .3 . Too thin ! Need blue tooth to talk . Holding it is like holding a barbie phone to your ear4 . Can not lay on shoulder to talk . Must use bluetooth .5 . does n't have a function for Vibrate and Ringer . One or other6 . My fingers are n't big and they still have a hard time hitting the keys accuratly . Keys are too smallI 've had this phone for 6 months now and looking for a different one . I thought small was good but not for a phone . Fits in the pocket , picture is awesome but it does n't make up for all negatives . I DO NOT RECOMMEND . TAKE IT FROM SOMEONE WHO USES THE PHONE 5000 MINUTES A MONTH .
 This phone looks super cool , but it 's completely useless in the USA . it only works on one of the 2 GSM freqnencies -LRB- bands -RRB- in the US . This means that if you got a 4-bar signal with your old phone you 'll get 2 now . Or maybe one or none.But the trouble does n't stop there . The phone I got had the language set to French and only came with a French manual . On the Samsung website this phone does n't even exist so you ca n't download the English manual from there . It took me about 30 frustrating minutes to figure out how to set the language to English.So back in the box it went , back to Amazon . Amazon was kind enough deduct the cost of that `` free super saver shipping '' from my refund , as well as making me pay the cost of shipping this worthless phone-shaped piece of plastic back to them .
 PRODUCT ADDVERTISED AS MOTOROLA RIZR Z3 ULOCKED GSM QUADBAND CELL PHONE-BLACK . EVENTHOUGH THE PHONE IS TAGED TO T-MOBIL 'S OPERATING SYSTEM AND WILL NOT LET ALL MY ATT NETWORK WORK.CALLED SELLER AND HE ADVISED THAT I CONTACT T-MOBIL FOR HELP / THEY COULD N'T .
 The add for this phone said it was an European model , so I checked online and and it appeared the European model was the same as ours . When I received the phone everything was in Chinese and the music player , which was the main reason I chose the phone , was practically useless . Unless you wanted to make playlists you coould only play one song at a time and the tunes were only listed by song title -- there was no navigation between artists , albums and genre etc. . I returned it immediately and wo n't do business with this dealer again .
 The case was so small the phone would not go into the case . It was very cheaply made and unusable . When I sent it back , they did not refund my return shipping cost . Item was not usable so they should have paid return shipping .
 I 've had this phone now for three months and am really disappointed . My previous Verizon phone was a Motorola E815 , and I have an N75 with Cingular that 's also a Smartphone . I got it as it 's the only clamshell smartphone Verizon offers , and the only clamshell they offer that can stream video.Pros : Small , lightweight , especially compared to other WM5 phones.Streams video well provided a MS stream is available.Only WM5 clamshell currently available from a US carrier.Cons : Bluetooth headset support is HORRIBLE ! The phone supports voice dialing/command , but you have to speak in to the phone . MS has some lame excuse about why voice command is n't supported from a BT headset - although every other phone I 've had/have it works fine . Basically , forget hands-free from BT.Audio quality is really bad . Crackles and pops constantly . I 'm using it the same place I used the E815 , and audio was fine.Build quality - the phone `` feels '' a little on the cheap side.The phone does n't come with any `` normal '' ringtones - not even a `` beep beep '' . It has 5 or 6 cheezy techo-y ringtones , but nothing really `` business-like `` When you answer a call via BT , the ringtone continues to play over the first 2 or 3 seconds of your phone conversation.The speakerphone quality is so bad it 's almost unusable.The phone 's UA Profile and browser headers are wrong . The phone reports a bad URL for it 's wap profile and also reports that it 's screen is 176x220 -LRB- it 's acutally 240x320 -RRB- . Even Verizon 's own wap site displays wrong on the phone.Verizon says if you use the phone to stream video , you 're violating the TOS and they will cancel your account . This is n't on the TOS you sign when you get the phone , it 's on their website and in the info the send you later . HOWEVER , Verizon 's own PN-820 homepage has streaming video on it - so accessing content on their own homepage for their phone will put you in violation of their TOS .
 I really want to like this phone , but there are too many nuisances/bugs that make for an unpleasureable experience . I am pretty sure I will return it to Verizon . I have been long waiting for a compact phone that has full featured contacts and calendar so that I can sync to Microsoft outlook . All the other PDA 's that are out there are too bulky . So when I saw this unit I was like ... `` ahh finally '' . Anyway , I read some reviews on this site before I bought the phone , and was psyched at what was being said ... However , after using this phone for a few weeks , I wonder if the previous reviewers were a little star stuck initially . So here are my issues ... CONS -- No ability to adjust keypad light time . It times out waaay too quickly . - The extremely thin Battery that came with this phone only lasts 1/2 a day !! the specs on this battery are inaccurate . I average about 10 text messages a day , and 5 short phone calls . This is unacceptable !! - When the phone shuts down because of the battery being low , it looses the current date and time and defaults to 2006 until I hook it up and synchronize to my old WINXP desktop via the supplied USB cable . Not good !! - No software support for VISTA via `` SYNC CENTER '' . My new HP laptop came with VISTA , and MICROSOFT replaced `` activesync '' with `` sync center '' . Activesync is not supported in VISTA . What to do now ?? - Software menus are not organized well ... it takes too many steps to access some frequently used features . UTSTAR which wrote the software for Pantech , needs to go back to the drawing board here and focus on usability . I loved the way my old LG phones operating system was designed !! Hey UTSTAR !! How about a `` focus group '' or some `` beta testers '' ??? - Ringer is not very loud . Calls are easily missed . - The camera is basically unusable !! If you snap a photo , the image that is frozen on the screen , is not the one that is saved !! The image that is captured is about two seconds delayed . Why is this ?? - I wanted to get stereo Bluetooth headset to use it as a MP3 player , but a lot of reviewers seem to have problems getting Bluetooth to work with this unit . Oh , well ... PROS -- nice looking - bright screen-compact size
 This phone is absolutely useless ! User menus are not user friendly and it lacks many of the features that you would expect from even a basic phone . Its cumbersome to use , unpredictable -LRB- spontaneously drops calls , switches off , etc -RRB- . Verizon were completely unhelpful and unsympathetic - I 'm switching all my employees phones to another carrier as soon as my contract is up .
 This is my third smartphone from Verizon Wireless , and the first one I have been really unhappy with . Here are just some of this phone 's significant problems : - This is a fairly obscure model of Korean-manufactured phone -LRB- Pantech -RRB- , so it is extremely difficult to locate batteries and accessories for it . - The phone comes with virtually nothing . No belt clip or carrying case , no extra battery , no desktop charger , no travel charger , no data card -LRB- all of which came with my previous Samsung smartphone from Verizon -RRB- . Just a USB charger/data cable and wall AC charger cable . - The recharge slot is located in the phone itself , and there is not a desktop charger made for this model , so you can not keep a spare battery charging while you use the phone -LRB- unless you own two of them -RRB- . - The recharge slot is a proprietary custom one , not USB . So if you do not have your custom charge cable , there is no way to charge the phone . - Unless you 're a ten-year-old girl , the default ring tones that come with the phone are absolutely ridiculous , so you 'll have to download and install real ones . - The circular navigation pad and middle `` OK '' button are all perfectly flush , so you have to physically look at the phone and push very carefully to use them . Even then , I am constantly hitting the wrong selection . - The volume up-down buttons on the left side of the phone are too small and much too low on the phone , making it very difficult to use while talking . Instead , they should be located where the Mini-SD card slot is . - The screen brightness is very poor , and there is no option to adjust it . It 's almost impossible to read in normal sunlight , so you have to hold your hand over the phone to use it outside . - The built-in camera is extremely low quality . And do n't forget , you ca n't use it outside in the daytime anyway because of the screen 's poor brightness . - The back of the phone is not flush
 This maybe the worst phone I 've ever bought . The menu 's make no sense . To change the ringer volume you have to go to two seperate places . What should take you one or two keystrokes takes you 4 to 5 on this phone . But the battery is even worse . The mini one that comes with the phone lasts about 24-36 hours making as few as 3 or 4 short -LRB- 5 mins or less -RRB- calls . So I went out and bought the extended battery which lasts just a wee bit longer .
 After a long search this is the only product I found that would work wih the iPod Shuffle . It is very simple to use , but the sound quality is n't all that great . The volume is low and there is interference with all 3 station options for transmission . I would buy this only if you owned an iPod Shuffle because it 's your only option .
 I bought one for my husband for Christmas . First of all , we immediately discovered that we had to purchase an additional jack adaptor to make the iPod function of his iPhone work , even though it was advertised as being `` compatible '' with the iPhone . Secondly , I purchased the transmitter on 12/20 and it 's already not working , even as just a charger . Tried it in several different cars to make sure it was n't a cigarette lighter problem , and it was n't . The indicator light does n't even light . I 've requested a replacement , so I 'm hoping that my request is honored and that the replacement works .
 I bought the Krusell Active Multidapt to protect my Sony Ericson from falls , scratches , etc. . It did the job , and I used it for about 2 years.Pro ` sProtected the phone very well.Con ` sThe plastic that covers the screen and keys is cheaply made and began cracking from everyday use . Takes away from the sleek look of the phone and makes it look bulky and not as attractive . You have to open a flap on the back to use the camera if I am remembering correctly.Overall its not a bad protective case , but I would buy something different next time.Read my reviews - Buy with confidence
 After a couple of days of fiddling with this case , I tossed it in the box of other non-working stuff in the basement . The flip-cover on the back pops open way too easily , and the fact that the belt clip mounts to this cover makes it virtually unusable . Slight movement such as walking makes it pop open and hang out from the belt.The design is unimaginative , and contrary to the description , the item I received contains no leather -- rubbery plastic only . If they had placed the clip mount towards the bottom of the phone , it would hang upside down -- a bit odd-looking perhaps , but far more functional because it would -LRB- a -RRB- be visible/readable without fully unclipping it , -LRB- b -RRB- place no stress on the camera lens protective cover , and -LRB- c -RRB- would be about 3-4mm thinner . As it is , there 's no real reason to keep this case , even if the removable clip itself is rugged and well-designed .
 The buttons that snap this thing together come apart every time I get into my car or bend over to pick something up . It looks pretty cool and slim in the picture , but it makes the phone incredibly fat . The clip does not have enough of a reverse hook -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- and sometimes slides up my belt and the phone falls off completely . I suppose it does n't cost too much , that 's really the only thing good about it .
 within a couple of months . Defeats the purpose of buying a W810i -LRB- sleek and fits into pockets -RRB- . Would not buy again .
 Relative to the endless array of other poorly designed cases , this Krusell case in not that bad . However , after 6 months of use the `` Multidapt '' mount broke off the main portion of the case.The case has an inherent design flaw which stems from this single point of failure . If you use the belt clip often , then this weakness can be a major problem.Lifetime Warranty - sending your case in for warranty service or exchange is not practical because this Krusell is based in Sweden , so you must send you case to Sweden for service . The least expensive shipping I can find to Sweden is for about $ 7 .
 Ugly orange trim color might be cool for kids , but looks ridiculous on an adult . Case is bulky and the snaps pop open every time you bump or brush against anything . Sound quality with the case on is ok , but noticeably lower than without the case . Belt clip seems to work ok , however I would much prefer a horizontal clip .
 The product arrived undamaged and the first time I slipped my 810i in -LRB- very tight fit -RRB- the seam split up the side . Also the design is cumbersome . The company who sold it provided a different product without any difficulty . They did not even request the slight additional price difference . That was satisfying .
 I bought this case because I wanted to clip the phone on a pocket or belt . The fit is fine and the buttons all work with the case on but the snaps do not stay closed so the phone falls out periodically . Not good .
 I bought the Krussell case to protect my new W810i . The cover was so loose that the phone kept twisting around in it , blocking the keys on the right side . There is no access to the memory stick port , you have to uncase the phone to change it out . The flap that covers the camera snaps to the top so you have to be very careful taking pictures or your phone will hit the floor . I stopped using it and it sits on a shelf .
 We ordered these and we liked them when we recieved them , but the snap does indeed pop open way too easily . We had to return them to the seller .
 while I was glad to promptly receive my battery it had one BIG problem . It would n't hold a charge . It 's basically useless . I would not suggest buying this particular brand .
 I bought this hard case to help protect my Treo during a fall . My Treo has had to falls , both times the case pops open and the phone came out onto the ground.The case does n't open all the way , makes it a little difficult to get phone in and out , unless of course it 's dropped onto the ground.Bottom Line
 The major problem is that the case has a clip that slips over the belt . The case is always , always slipping off the belt whenever you move ! Then you stand up and the case falls from your lap onto the floor . I stopped using the case after it dropped to the floor and my Treo flew across the room . It happened too many times . Why does n't the case have a belt loop so that the case stays securely on the belt ? Why use a metallic clip that always slips loose ? Also , as noted in other reviews , the case opens to less than 90 degrees which causes difficulties when the phone is ringing and you want to grab it quickly . The case can only be worn on your right side and opened conveniently with your right hand . The Treo can be easily scraped on the metallic closure fixture unless you 're careful . This was n't my first case for the Treo but it 's the biggest disappointment . I 'm still looking for a suitable case .
 I used this case for several months before it became apparent that it was destroying the finish on my Treo . While it 's `` soft interior lining pads and protects your smartphone '' , this lining , unfortunately , does not extend to the areas that actually cradle the phone while it is in the case . At those points it is plastic against plastic , and the result is nasty looking gashes around the face of the phone .
 I purchased this phone on September 1st at a nearby Best Buy , and thankfully there was a 30 day return policy -- because on the 25th , it completely locked up . After turning off the phone for about two hours because I wanted to be completely distraction free , I turned it back on -- it started up and went to the menu screen , like normal , but any button presses after that did absolutely nothing . I could n't even turn it off . I removed the battery , re-inserted it , and turned it back on , and it would n't get past the `` Verizon Wireless '' startup screen . I hooked it up to the charger and waited about an hour and tried again , and still no dice . I had never dropped the phone before or otherwise mistreated it , and in fact right before I turned the phone off I was using it to browse ringtones , to this was entirely unexpected . Fortunately Best Buy did n't prove to be overly difficult with their exchange policy , even though I did n't have a receipt , box , manual , or charger.Otherwise , the phone was unremarkable . The camera was what you 'd expect -LRB- bad -RRB- and hearing other people was somewhat difficult , although it had no problem holding a signal . Probably an okay middle-range phone , but there are far better options . I 'll be wary of ever buying an LG phone in the future .
 Got this phone three weeks ago because of the special deal for new subscribers with Verizon . How disappointing ! Like others , it emits an ANNOYING high-pitched noise . The person on the other end sounds like they 're standing in a metal box -LRB- hollow -RRB- , and I always hear my own comments echoing back a second or two later . The phone does not hold a charge long , either . I do n't talk on it much , yet I 'll take it out of my purse to make a call only to find it dead ! My family got three and they are all the same . Stay away from this phone !
 This phone is great -- sometimes . When it 's not , it 's a nightmare . The 1st time I bought the LG VX5200 camera phone -LRB- December 2005 -RRB- , I had it for 4 days and it crashed irreparably . I got a new one . Now , about 6 months after I bought the second one , it did the same thing . And my sister 's did the same as well . What happens is the screen goes to white with the Verizon logo and it stays that way . Only taking the battery out turns off the phone . But when you put it back in and try to turn the phone on , it just goes to the white screen . I even tried replacing the battery . I have also read of similar things happening to others with this phone , so I do n't recommend this phone at all .
 I was not aware the hone was not going to come with a charger or an operating battery . Buying this phone means you have to buy more products to make it work .
 The phone was supposed to be a used/refurbished cell phone . It worked for one week then the screen went white and you could not see the inside screen to make out going calls .
 The phone I purchased was suppose to be Refurbish . How ever I got a phone thatwas not working properly . I did get the experience of sending this Item backfor a refund . A lot of time lost so much for refurbish cell phones .
 I had the same problems as the other reviewer below except that I returned mine for a new one and then had the same lock up problem . There is obviously something wrong with this phone .
 This si the worst phone i have ever had ! It always breaksup and suddenly it shut down and erases =d all of my pics . even the ones that were already on the phone . I even think it areased some of my contacts . .
 When switching to Verizon from another wireless carrier , I initially bought 6 of the VX5200 for my on-call staff . Within 24 hours , all of them had come to me and complained about their phones.Complaints included : Ring tones that were too soft , Flimsy flip mechanisms in the phone 's hinge , The annoying chiming noise the phone makes every time you turn it on or turn it off -LRB- and we could n't find a way to disable it -RRB- , Cheap feel of the phone , Some of the menus did n't make much sense , Poor reception quality inside the buildingsOverall , they were not happy with the phones and did n't feel comfortable using them so I had to take them back and get the motorola E815.There was not much good about the phones other than the : Ability to take pictures , Decent quality speakerphone , Bright screens , Final Recommendation : The phone bravely offers a lot of features for the dollar and were it not for the poor reception and poor build quality , which are deal breakers for me , I would have made my staff stay with this phone . Get this phone only if
 Nice phone , especially the automatic voice feature that does not need training ... works right away ... My complaints are in 2 areas detailed below . First for those who want to transfer contacts from another phone , PDA or from Outlook . And second that Verizon has had LG remove file transfer features that forces user to pay for MIDIs and MP3 that are already on your PC , just to use up your air time -LRB- = money ! -RRB- 1 . The Manual mentions a USB cable once .2 . LG 's website mentions no such device , nor drivers , for anyCDMA phone . Search engine produces no results . 3rd partycable exists but advertises ` no drivers , no software ' 3 . No infrared , no bluetooth -LRB- of course not for the price -RRB- 4 . Can send but NOT receive text message / MMS in which youinclude addresses from your competitive phone . -LRB- This feature exists in Nokia , Siemens , even the oldestblack/white Nokias ! -RRB- 5 . Has neat music tunes -LRB- polyphone MIDIs -RRB- that you can ONLY sendto others , but not set as ringtones . I guess you may send itto yourself , and charge yourself for airtime !! Is that extortion?Conclusion : A. camera and hot pix are features that encourage you to sharewirelessly and consume airtime for Verizon 's profits.B . This may reveal a deeper strategy of Verizon and LG toremove technology to force user to spend needlesslyC . Suggest `` googling '' -LRB- or searc CNET -RRB- to corroborate otherrumors that Verizon makes use use airtime for reading textmessage and partially disables bluetooth for file managementto force you to pay for data transfers.D . With Nokia , Siemens and others you can transfer WAV , MIDIs , and MP4 files from your PC for ringtones via an accessorycable , or if enabled , via Infrared and/or Bluetooth , and MMS.There may be a removable multimedia card feature on LG 's 8100 or later phones that MAY enable some of these features , but I hope this helps avoid the wasted moves I had to make .
 Hopefully you find this review before you purchase the phone because returning it can be a real hassle with certain cell phone companies even if you are within the 15-day return policy.That being said , the lcd screen emits a high-pitched noise periodically throughout the phone call . Type `` LG VX5200 high pitched '' as a Google search and you will see similar reviews .
 I got these phones for my family one year ago and would like to share our experiences . Contrary to what some people are saying , the clarity for us has been fine , not exceptional but slightly better than average . The lighted display is almost bright enough to work as a flashlight in some instances and the mirrored area around the display comes in handy in a pinch to put contact lenses back in , make-up , etc. . The buttons are easy enough to work and have had few problems inherent to the phone.Enter Verizon
 PROS : - Allows one person to talk to another person . -LRB- sometimes even with acceptable voice quality -RRB- - Average reception -LRB- Best thing about the phone , and it 's only average -RRB- CONS : - The high pitched noise that is randomly -LRB- and frequently -RRB- made by the screen/speaker not only destroys call quality , but routinely gives me a headache after only a few minutes . This noise is present on both my wife 's phone and my own , as well as numerous other reviews-Even when the high pitched noise is not present , voice quality is usually very poor.-Fails in just about every aspect of what a phone should do well.OTHER
 The item purchased -LRB- Blackberry 8700c extended battery with door cover -RRB- was not the one sent by shipper . I received an 8700g model instead . Shipper did not have the 8700c in stock . Had to reorder from somewhere else . However , the employee at Wireless Emporium was polite and said he will refund the money . Will wait on the refund . Until then , my review will remain a 1 for now .
 After getting a replacement -LRB- supposedly tested for quality -RRB- , this headset is a big miss . It sits in a drawer and I am debating what to do with it . I 've tried it with several bluetooth devices and it fails to deliver on the range and voice quality . The battery discharges at an amazing rate and the reaction when picking up calls takes a bit too long.In short
 this earpiece is the cutest thing you 've ever seen . it really is . but all it does is sits in my drawer because its the most frustrating thing to use . the sound quality is very staticky , even if i 'm holding the phone right in front of my face . and that 's right after i have fully charged it . its a cute , overpriced , piece of crap .
 I expected this phone to be better based on reading the reviews at amazon . But this phone is a waste of money . People were complaining about how much disturbance is there in the background even though i am sitting in a really quiet place . The converstations they say were choppy and can not heat anything . You can hear everything fine , but on the recieving end it seems like everyone is having trouble hearing ur conversation clearly . Also , i thought this headset said noise cancelling headset , but it is all untrue . If i am in the car with the windows closed , i am not even able to hear any conversation clearly . Moreover the voice command is so bad , i have to really try it 10-15 times to make it dial successfully while sitting in the car . In a quiet environment outside the car , in ur office or home , it is fine . but inside the car , it really sucks . It defeats the purpose . I would recommend not buying this atleast i had bad experience with my sony ericsson W580i phone .
 Do n't waste it on this total piece of crap . I bought the H700 after briefly trying one belonging to a friend . It seemed to work much better than the terrible H500 I got free with my phone . It seemed to be less affected by wind and other background noise . But , within a week of getting it , it began to exhibit the same bad habits as the H500 . Unless there was absolute silence , I would have to shout for it to understand commands . When , standing in my totally quiet kitchen , it could n't understand a voice command to `` Call Mom 's House '' about six times in a row , I took it off , dropped it on the floor , and stomped it into bits . The H700 is an absolute piece of crap not worth a nickel . The only headset I have ever tried that is worse is the H500 . Motorola may make great phones , but their Bluetooth headsets are absolute garbage .
 I am now on my second device , and I am about to return it because of problems . Let me elaborate . I purchased this item locally . It worked wonderfully for two weeks , then died . I returned it to the store , exchanged it , and the replacement died in the process of making the first phone call with it . I am going to return it for a full refund and take my money elsewhere.I am disappointed in this model . Motorola has a solid reputation , but this model seems to have problems . When it worked , it worked very well , and I was very pleased . I just can not endorse this particular product . Some seem to be having great success with it . I wish them the best of luck and may their devices never fail . I am washing my hands of this one , however.Thank you for reading . Have a wonderful day .
 The headpiece offered excellent and clear service as far as features were concerned . I liked the tones in the earpiece indicating various functions including connecting to my Blackberry . The bad side was the earpiece ear loop which was always loose and gave the impression at times that the unit would fall off my ear . The final problem was when the microphone slowly died until the unit was useless . This was also the second unit that failed on me . I would not recommend considering this unit . Shop for something else .
 I bought one of these 2 years ago at my AT&T dealer for about $ 100.00 , within a year it fell apart . Since it was under warranty I returned it for a replacement and now , less then a year later , the battery is now pretty much dead . So guess what ? You ca n't replace the battery ! That 's right , Motorola expects you to completely replace an item that you paid $ 100.00 for two years before . I called motorola who basically told me I was SOOL and go buy a new one . Motorola wo n't be getting anymore money from me , thanks . Motorola built to last a lifetime -LRB- if you only have one year to live -RRB- .
 not good at all will not buy it a gan big pice of junck what moor can i sat a bot it
 this bluetooth headset is probably one of the worst you can ever waste money on.For some odd reason all of my motorola bluetooth , including this one has really really bad static.I can not clearly hear the other person and the other person can not hear me.I would save my money and buy a different brand altogether.Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset
 Do n't buy these . The battery drains even when the Bluetooth headset is off , lasts four to seven days when off . Replaced it with a Plantronics . Left the Plantronics fully charged and let it set for a month , went back to use it and it was still fully charged ! I 'm sold on Plantronics , no more Motorola Bluetooth for me .
 When I first received this product I charged it till the light on it turned green . Then I tried to switch it on but it just wo n't turn on . I tried multiple things but it did n't help . Although I must say that the seller were kind enough to respond to my complain and they emailed me a return label so I ship it back for no extra cost . Good customer service but the product was no good .
 H700 ; Great sound and seemed to transmit well . Easy to use with the on/off mic boom . Everyone I spoke with on land or cell said I sounded like I was in a box . Even outside the car . Noise cancellation was great . Seemed to help eliminate the non duplex conversation which occurs with so many Bluetooths that I have had . Unit did not last very long . A couple months at most . Will not purchase any more Motorola Bluetooths . They just do not provide return on the investment . Cheap should have more value .
 This is another fine example of Motorola ' s junk . This device fell apart after 4 mos . of moderate use . Factory warranty states that if a part is missing no coverage . The back plate on the boom fell off . I never dropped it or abused it.Do not support these people if this is how they support their over priced wares .
 I have not been happy with the H700 . I can not hear the voice commands and I do not hear the people I am talking to . Their voices are very distant . . although , they claim they can hear me . I am also having a difficult time trying to return or replace this item .
 My well-meaning husband bought this device for me as a safety measure while on the road . It 's also illegal to use a cell phone when driving in NJ . Unfortunately , I 've hated it since the day it arrived . The earwire is uncomfortable , gets caught in my hair or stuck outside my glasses & falls off half the time ! When I 'm trying to call out , I must repeat the prompted information several times , & often just pull over in frustration to fish out my cell phone . As for reception , it 's really sketchy . Once in awhile , callers can hear me , but most of the time , I 'm shouting into the thing while driving or walking & end up having to terminate the call early . I 've awarded it one star on the strength of the handy boom which activates it , but otherwise , this is a DUD . I 've been fighting with this headset for nearly two years ... it 's time to ditch it & spring for a better one !
 I am using this item with a brand new Motorola Razor and the reception is poor most of the time . Lots of static / noise . It looks really cool but I 'm somewhat disappointed . When I try to use voice command 9 times outta 10 it does n't work . Maybe I 'm doing something wrong , could be a case of getting what you pay for .
 We returned our motorola bluetooths . The sound quality was poor . You also could not get very far away from your phone with out it cutting out and crackling . We have not bought a different brand and we are very pleased with those .
 The first headset I was sent was DOA . I was told to pay the return shipping and a replacement unit would be sent out . I did that and received another unit and guess what ... . Correct it was another defective unit . I have tried contacting the seller multiple times and they have not responded . Anybody want a good deal on a broken headset ?
 The headset pair 's very easy but the sound is poor . It 's like listening to a 60 's radio in your ear . On the other hand , if you use it for more than ten minutes , it is very uncomfortable
 Utterly abysmal . Motorola should be ashamed for releasing this junk . I can not understand where the positive reviews are coming from on Amazon . Paid reviews ? I 've seen suggestions that there are counterfeit versions of this , but we bought ours from Amazon so I doubt that 's the case . Other review sites seem to echo our terrible experience with this very cool looking , but very useless , headset . I really wanted it to be usable , but it has an electrical hum and no one can hear me or me them , which sort of defeats the entire purpose .
 The H700 headset has very poor reception . I was able to talk with the H700 but the static was absolutely horrible . I used this device for a two-week period , in a 100-mile radius of my home , and the phone was never more than 5 feet from the head set.I could n't keep a conversation , as the words were broken . I used the device and drove over 30 miles in the Dallas area , the entire conversation was broken . I used the device in my home , full bars on my phone , the phone in my pocket , and have the same broken word conversation.The H700 has been in the trash for weeks now , and I do n't think I 'll purchase anything from amazon as I think everything is factory defect/reject and your company is selling junk that no knowing people will purchase.Tom Schultz
 if it were an option i would give this headset a zero . it has horrible sound quality . it is uncomfirtable and has a horrible fit . if you are a female with long hair then this headset is especially awful .
 This was purchased through another company from Amazon . It malfunctioned after less than a month and I could never get the company it was purchased from to even respond to me . I would NEVER purchase anything from that company again .
 Motorola makes horrible products , none of which are worth a damn , this being no exception . I 've been through 4 different headsets and only one worked with my phone . You should be able to go into a store or online and buy a headset that is supposedly compatible with your phone , right ? I guess not , because it never was and I never got a real explanation as to why . I have a new model of a Samsung phone , which was listed as compatible with this headset . So why did n't it ever work ? If the headset was more than one foot from my phone , the reception got fuzzy . If it was more than 4 feet away , it did n't work at all . What a joke ! I just want my money back but Motorola wants to keep replacing it , which means I have to pay to post it to them , wait several weeks -LRB- at which time I have no headset to use at work -RRB- , then get finally receive another useless piece of crap . Word to the wise , if you want a Bluetooth headset , do n't buy Motorola !
 I purchased this product over a little over a year ago to use with my RAZR based on mostly good reviews . After some initial usage , now I rarely use it . Why ? 1 . Battery life deteriorated rapidly , and the battery can not be replaced . I now can talk only 10 mins before I get the beeping and then a sudden disconnect . So it has become useless . I do n't like paying a lot for a premium item that is throw-away .2 . Volume is ok , but only when I press it close to my ear . Unless I do that , it sits too far away from my ear to be heard well except in very quiet conditions . This is true even at max volume , so I found that for important calls I usually have to switch to using the phone directly .3 . Fit
 this earpiece is the cutest thing you 've ever seen . it really is . but all it does is sits in my drawer because its the most frustrating thing to use . the sound quality is very staticky , even if i 'm holding the phone right in front of my face . and that 's right after i have fully charged it . its a cute , overpriced , piece of crap .
 Upon opening the package , I was pleased to note the tiny size , ease of use and light weight . It was as though there was nothing on my ear when I first tried it on . Pairing it to my phone was easy.Unfortunately , the sound quality was terrible . There was a continual annoying hiss , but even worse , the headset had static to the point of completely obliterating some of the conversation . When I asked a friend to use the headset to call me on my home phone , his voice was muffled and indistinct . Perhaps this was one bad headset out of a wonderful product line , but if all the H700s are like this , I would say look further . I am returning mine .
 Pros
 I bought this mototola bluetooth H 700 from Ace digital and I regret doing this . A lot of static and doesnt work even one feet away from phone . Even the plug is a foregn looking adapter . It almost seems like a refurbihed or defective model . My cousin bought the same thing from a regular store and his works fine . I would not recommend anyone to buy this product on line except if it is from a known store whom you can contact and get replaced if the need be .
 The design of the bluetooth is nice and compact . I love the flip out mic . The ear piece holds onto my ear and does n't shake off , either . The only complaint I have is the battery . I 've had mine in use for about a month now , and within that month talk time has dropped from about 7 hours to less than 2 . Charge time is less than an hour , but that steep of a descent in talk time is kind of harsh .
 This headset had alot of breakup during use . I have another one of these from a different vendor that works well , but this one did not .
 The H700 does not work well with the Blackberry 8703 . Pairing the two devices is a nightmare . And when you do finally succeed in that endeavor , the headset itself performs poorly . The volume does not go loud enough and the headset is uncomfortable . An overall poor showing by Motorola .
 I 've owned two of these . It is great that it rests against your ear , and is very comfortable not having an earpiece sticking in your ear . The first one I owned , after a month , lost most of its volume . I could not make the volume louder via the volume control ; the volume control actually never seemed to work , but at least at first the volume was real good ... for about a month . The second one I bought lasted about 9 months , but now the button to answer or hang up on a call does not work .
 The headset did n't work , it was distorted . I spoke with customer service and I was suppose to receive a new one and it never came .
 The H700 Bluetooth did not meet my satisfaction . There was only about a hour talk time . It also is not very comfortable .
 The order came 7 days late , not what i expected . Not so sure about the product either . It has different color , looks fake but it works .
 This item is not -LRB- or was not -RRB- stocked by Amazon . It was sold by Ace Digital Club . They gave me an international electrical plug , so I have no way of charging it unless I bought an adapter . These type of things should be listed on the product description.The product also states that it worls up to 30 feet away from the phon . I have a LG VX9800 and I get static when the phone is in my pocket and ca n't get more than 5 usable feet with line of site . Not even close to teh 30 feet as advertised.The audio quality is OK . Itsnot bad , its not great . The size and comfort of the unit is great . It is a lot smalller than I thought it would be.I still hav n't found a bluetooth headset that I actually like . For the quality of sound and voice , I am thinkng about going back to a wired device .
 I really wanted to like the Motorola small headset . It is light and turns on and off by flipping the microphone extension . In use , it was hard to hear the other person clearly , and some times they had trouble hearing me . The noise reduction circuitry needs a lot of work .
 I bought 6 Motorola headsets from this vendor and spent $ 155 for them . I had them shipped to my girlfriend . Just the other day she said she needed to replace her ear piece . I asked her if she already went through the 6 that I bought for her . She then broke the news that they were all fakes . I did n't believe it until she showed them to me . I was shocked to see that not only were they not genuine Motorola Headsets , but they were an awful knockoff at that . They never worked and they never took a charge . They are dead and useless . I tried to contact the seller and I even gave them efficient time to respond back . They have not responded as of yet . You might want to make sure that you are working with a more credible vendor . This IS NOT A MOTOROLA HEADSET .
 Sound quality is great but it just does not fit my ear . It feels like a claw clamping down on my ear . After talking on the for several minutes my ear is sore .
 I bought this headset to use w / a Katana through Sprint . Most of the time when I 'm on it , people ask me what 's wrong w / my phone . When I tell them I 'm on a bluetooth , they tell me to get off of it ... so really , I wasted my money . Sure it was cheap , but so it is the quality of the call . As cheap as the unit was , not even sure if it is a genuine Motorola ... went to the website to try to decide , but could n't make the determination . I 'd rather have my 30-some bucks back .
 Well , it works alright if you are inside and the phone is right in front of you . It does not get the claimed 30 ft range , not by a long shot , I 'd say it gives you about 10 maybe 12 feet . The noise reduction sucks . It does not block wind or people talking in the back ground . I ca n't say how it works in the car because I do not own a car and I do not drive . I can say that it does not work while riding your bike , even if you are riding slow . If you happen to live in a windy area and want to use it outside , forget it . It works alright in quiet areas and that is about it . I guess thats what you get at this price .
 I just received my H700 and already I am disapointed . I clicked on new when ordering my headset and it has arrived with a rattle in it . Works ok ; but if it is new it , why does it have a rattle or loose a piece in it ! I really feel as though I got a refurbished H700 ! This sucks , so I guess I am through with Amazon.com and it 's sellers .
 The product seemed to be really good and online ratings -LRB- and my husband 's referral -RRB- were relatively good for this product . So I was excited when it finally arrived , and I opened it to get started right away . After repeated attempts to match the headset with the phone , and more than an hour on the phone with tech support . I had to pack the thing up and send it to the manufacturer for a new product . Luckily , this had a happy ending in that I received the next model up and it works beautifully ! All is well that ends well .
 I was very dissatisfied with the products that were sent to me . Though I appreciated the customer service from the seller I was disappointed that this blue tooth did not connect with any of my cell phones . I have returned this product back to seller via Priority Mail from the USPS .
 This bluetooth headset worked okay at the beginning but then mysteriously stopped working . I would not buy this headset again .
 Even though the product came sealed in Motorola packaging , it sure enough looked like the real thing but it turned out to be counterfeit . It does n't have any problems pairing but there is constant static and interference . It 's practically useless . Only when you put the phone right next to the headset is when its clear . I paired with both my cell phone and ps3 and both experienced unusual distortions . After googling it for a bit , I came across the Motorola Counterfeit Identification Guidebook and it matched nearly every single counterfeit criteria . I , then , tried contacting the seller to return it but they 've ignored all of my requests . So either they know its fake and wo n't give you your money back or they do n't know its fake and they have extremely poor customer service . My advice ... do your research before buying .
 Just do n't like it . EXTREMELY uncomfortable in my ear . Only works well indoors , or in the car , which is what , I guess , it was designed for . I 'll try a plantronics next , unless someone recommends something better .
 The headset is staticy , tinny sounding and the person on the other end says that I sound like I 'm under water . The fold down speaker turns on the bluetooth which is a nice feature . And the price was right . But then again , you get what you pay for . I had a Motorola H375 and the sound was exactly the same . You think Motorola would have gotten it right by now . However , I did have a Motorola H505 . It had excellent sound but the earpiece broke off . I bent up a large paperclip to replace it and it worked better than the original earpiece . -LRB- Put some tape on the paperclip , it can be a little rough on the ears . -RRB- I lost the H505 which is why I purchased the H700 . No more Motorola products for me .
 I purchased this bluetooth -LRB- USED -RRB- and when it arrived it would not go into pairing mode . Thinking it was my phone and not the product i contacted my cell provider and did a few test with my phone and found it was n't the problem . So I called tech support for motorola and conducted a few test and found out the bluetooth was defective . No problem . I contacted the &#34; SELLER &#34; And was sunt another one along with a return label for the defective one . I plugged this one up over night as I did the first one and got a steady green light the entire time it was charging . I unplugged it the next morning and there was no power to it what so ever . I contacted the &#34; SELLER &#34; again and was told . &#34; THEY MUST HAVE SLIPPED THROUGH QUALITY INSPECTION &#34; . Really ? Anyway , Please DO NOT BUY USED PRODUCTS FROM AMAZON . I have purchased used items from a competitor website and never had this problem . Was pressured into trying AMAZON and boy did i learn my lesson . I am getting refunded but lets see how long it takes for them to return my money . I guess since my money is used , it might be returned to me DEFECTIVE as well . LOL ... Just saying .
 My husband has had the H710 for a while & needed a replacement I - mistakenly order the H700 & thought it would n't make much of a difference - well it did - the reception was not near as clear as the H710 - I would not recommend the 700 - am having trouble finding the 710 & have order the 720 - have not yet received it - hope it works as well as the 710 did
 I have one that looks just like this and it works great ! I loveit . THis one is not working well . IT dropps calls . I feel like i have to charge it all the time
 After having the Motorola H500 , I decided to step up to the H700 . BIG MISTAKE ! This earpiece was the WORST EVER!First the ear loop is very stiff trying to open . it is poorly made and chips at the bottom or top . Now the earpiece fits poorly . replacement loops are $ 12 - $ 15 for a pair.The fit is very uncomfortable for me . Ive had several brands and this is the most irritating earpiece ive ever owned . The ringer has a cheap tinny sound and it doesnt increase the volume enough to hear in many conditions.while charging the light goes from red to yellow to green when fully charged . the light doesnt go off , so you have a bright green nite light all night . -LRB- if you need a night light.i would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 The H700 , some love it , some hate it . Wherever you fall , a lot of people are talking about it.PRO 's / CON ` sIt is comfortable and light . / Depending on the size of your face , your cheek may block the microphone resulting in muffled sound.If you are a lady with long hair that falls over your ear it will get caught in the boom microphone and snagged by the rubber tip as you flip the boom open and closed to answer calls.Distance is quoted as up to 30 feet / Some phone combinations have distance issues if the headset and phone are not on the same side of your body.Pairs well with my Motorola Razr V3 and Cingular 8125 . / Other phones and PDA 's have problems SO your mileage may vary.The controls are small , multifunction -LRB- each button does may things -RRB- and are easy to access but hey , they are on the side of your head.Microphone is Very sensitive / People have complained about wind noise , echoes in rooms , and `` Who else is in the car with you ? `` Headset volume is loud , louder than most / Its adjustable so this is a good thing.The headset lights up in four different colors to show various status -LRB- charging , pairing , standby etc -RRB- / You can turn off the flashing blue ` dork lamp ' but it will come back on after the headset is turned off and on again.A note a caution1 . This is a young product and the complaints and returns have resulted in two versions -LRB- Version A and Version B -RRB- of this headset in the market . Version B fixes a number of problems that version A had with certain phones .2 . Distance is POOR compare to other headsets and even other Motorola Bluetooth products . I have changed my headset and Cingular has replaced the phones -LRB- Razr V3 and 8125 -RRB- twice with no improvement . Distance is less than 10 feet with Static and dropped calls . Do not expect to leave your phone in the car and pump gas or get the mail without complaints . Some folks with the Verizon V3C Razr have reported getting better distance but nothing past 15 feet .3 . Motorola gives you 30 days to try and return with refund , However the return shipping is ON YOU . So with shipping / tracking / insurance expect to spend another $ 5 even if its their problem , and there are problems with this headset.If its longer than 30 days , you are stuck with it.I would give it 5 stars for Style , 3 stars for execution , 2 stars for how well it works , and 1 star for their support policy.Google `` Motorola H700 problems '' , make an informed decision . If you can , try before you buy . $ 100 May Not buy you the best , maybe just the smallest . I am waiting on Motorola to replace it one last time.UPDATEProduct was returned and received by Motorola 6/15 . A new one was to go out 2 day FedEx .22 Days later I received it today 7/7 , just the headset . NO charger , manual , case , or warranty card.Dead as a door nail with no charger to check it . After 30 minutes on hold they will now replace the Whole product as ordered and returned # 98686H . Would not refund shipping charges . For those contemplating a replacement make sure they send out the latest headset part # SYN1311B.Remember a company is as the sum of its parts , support 0 stars .
 This item is not a genuine Motorola . This bluetooth is made by a company named Bluedio out of China . You can order these bluetooths directly from Bluedio for less than $ 20 . I returned mine as soon as I found out it was not genuine . I purchased a genuine one for only $ 15 more than the price of the knock-ff .
 This is a horrible product , it only works half the time and even when it works it is mostly hard for the person you call to hear.When I use it in the morning it is clear to the person I call about 25 % of the time , in the afternoon I do not bother to even use it . Back when I purchased it the retail was $ 129 , I got it on sale at $ 80 . Over the two years I have owned it I have used it on two cell phones , no difference.For some reason on rainy days it is very clear , otherwise the person I call has problems hearing me . I hear fine , but having to repeat many times defeats the purpose of making the call . Not one person I have called has been able to hear me unless clearly I turn off the H700 and use my cell phone .
 I ordered this product as a replacement for an identical headset that was lost.The new headset performed very badly compared to the old headset . It would start crackling at about 10 feet away from the phone and was even affected if I held the phone on my left and the headset on my right or vice versa . My old -LRB- identical model -RRB- headset was able to receive clearly for over 25 feet , and even through a wall , this one does not . I sent 3 emails to the supplier , but received no response . Also , the new headset did not arrive in original packaging - although it was not advertised as ` bulk packaged ' .
 I got this H700 Dec 08 through an Amazon Re-seller shop4cell . The product shipped quickly and I received it quickly . No complaints about Amazon . The product came in a plastic sealed retail package that did not bear any Motorola insignia . The only way to tell it was a Motorola was that little 'M ' on the headset . While researching on the web , I found that there are ` fakes ' going around . While I do n't know if the product I received from shop4cell was real or not , I would strongly recommend that you pay the few extra bucks and buy it from a physical retail store . Make sure the packaging says ` Motorola ' . The product felt extremely flimsy . I had the same problem that so many had reported on the internet - after the headset was fully charged , and when I pressed the button , all I got was a ` lavender ' light - not purple , as mentioned in the manual . The moment I extended the boom , the light would vanish . I thought it was some timing issue with my -LRB- motorola -RRB- cell phone . After many frustrating hours , I figured out that there was some loose contact in the hinge between the boom and the main body when the boom was extended 180 degrees -LRB- the usual talk position -RRB- . When I extended the boom ninety degrees , the lavender light stayed on long enough to pair . I was able to receive calls - but the loose contact made it unusable . I finally called Motorola support who were helpful and immediately sent me a RMA # and free return fedex label . In about2 weeks I got a H710 by fedex , that feels a lot more solid . The pairing process is also easier and the voice clarity is amazing.Bottom line - be careful buying this online through unknown e-retailers . They are either selling refurbished or B-bin -LRB- with no indication of this on their website -RRB- or downright fake units .
 I bought 3 of these
 2 Years ago i owned this headset , about 2-3 weeks after i purchased it , i accidentally dropped it from my hands and it broke into a million pieces , i tried putting it back together but i could n't . I went and bought another one and a couple of weeks after the second one , the call button started going inside the headset just a little bit , that was enough to make the call button hard to the point were i actually had to press it really hard for the call button to work , i was afraid of pushing it to hard and then the call button would then go inside the headset completely so i stopped using it and never bought another one again . The sound quality was ok , i had the Samsung Blade from Sprint at that time so i had a good phone with an average sound quality headset , sometimes people would tell me they ca n't hear me at all while i had my headset on so i had to switch to my phone to continue the call , other times i can talk fine on the headset , but overall not a really good Bluetooth headset . I was expecting great things from this headset since it was from Motorola but Motorola really let me down . never again will i buy a Motorola Headset . Get a Plantronics Voyager 510 or one of the Plantronics Explorer series . They have really good reviews and i see people on the street with Platronics and there really affordable .
 got this to replace my 710 which was damaged in water . No one can hear me , it was a waste of my time and money.very disappointed motorola usually makes good bluetooth headsets .
 People complained about echo whenever i use the bluetooth . Would n't connect easily to phone .
 I used another Motorola H700 bluetooth headset for 2-1/2 years and was generally quite happy with it . When that one failed , I ordered another . The first unit that came seemed slow to charge , but eventually the red light came on and I was able to charge it , pair it with my phone , and use it . Unfortunately , the volume was much lower than the previous one and there was a lot of added noise . I sent this unit back and received a replacement . The replacement one would n't even take a charge ; after 12 hours -LRB- partly with a known good charger -RRB- it still shined red.At this point , I do n't know if Motorola has a manufacturing problem or if rejected or counterfeit units are infiltrating the supply chain .
 I bought 4 of them , different places , different times.I charge every time I do n't use them.Until now , I have 1 left working ... All of them have the same problem , after a period of time , around one year or less , nobody can hear me on the phone but I can hear them very well .
 This product did n't work it was sent to me broken and I tried to take it to the store and it did n't work .
 I always loved the first one of these I bought . It got washed so I bought another . Now I know that it is n't very long before everyone says they ca n't hear you . Does n't last very long at all .
 I could not wait to receive this product , as I had lost my HS820 . I figured the technology would be much better on the H700 . Unfortunately I was incorrect . It may not be the product , it could be that the H700 just does not work well with Blackberry products . I currently have a Blackberry Pearl , and prior to that had the last generation Blackberry . The HS820 was nearly flawless , outside of the fact that Motorola needs to do something about increasing volume levels . This has not changed with the H700 . The volume level at its peak sounded much lower than the HS820 . The H700 had static unless I was not moving at all , and the phone sat stationary right next to me . I deleted the headset from my phone and tried pairing again . Same results . It was clearly the H700 . Further , when the phone is in `` locked '' mode , on the HS820 you can hit the button once and it will bypass the lockdown for voice calling , whereas on the H700 you must unlock your phone first . Simple task , but I do n't feel like fumbling with my phone to unlock it while it is in my pocket , or while I am driving . Motorola needs to work on the H700 , or design something as reliable as the HS820 for the Blackberry -LRB- and other Bluetooth phones outside of Motorola -RRB- .
 I saw the reviews for this headset on CNET , and I was pretty excited about getting it to use with my LG VX-9400 phone . The Verizon sales agent recommended it to me because they H700 had the same version of bluetooth . That was the reason she gave for my Jabra BT350v having lots of static when using with the 9400 . Well , the results with the H700 were actually worse . The callers on the other end said that the static was painful to their ears it was so bad . I heard some static on my end which has never been the case with any headset phone pairing that I 've had . After one day , I boxed it back up and sent it back to Amazon.One thing to note . This must be taken in the context of the phone it was paired with . If you are not using the LG VX-9400 , your experience will likely be different . If at all possible , find a headset that others have already used with your phone and have reported success with . Otherwise you are rolling the dice . Sites like Howard Forums -LRB- Google it -RRB- are good for finding out what others have experienced . Good luck !
 Put your face in mud and speak - that 's how this thing sounds to your listeners .
 This was great for the first 18 months or so , easy to pair , held a good charge etc. . Then mine just stopped working one day . People could no longer hear me - I could hear them but they could n't hear me . I thought maybe it was just a fluke ; that I got one from a bad batch but then about a month later the same exact thing happened with my husband 's . You can buy it as long as your expectation is that it will only work for one year .
 * Note . This review was written when these units still retailed for over $ 100 dollars . Today as you can see the price is more in tune with a throw-away device . Even with this huge change in price my review rating stands because Motorola did not stand behind their once overpriced and still under built product.A few things about the Motorola H700 everyone should know from someone who has owned them for a while . Although they worked great for the time that they did work , it was much shorter than I expected for equipment priced as high as it is.I bought -LRB- 2 -RRB- Motorola H700 headseats about 11/2 years ago . One for me , which I overpaid at Best Buy for $ 120 and one for my girlfriend which I paid just under $ 50 for on e bay . They were both used with Motorola phones . After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset . I went to Best buy to get a battery and was told that there is no replacement battery and the unit is basically useless now . If I had brought it in before the year was up Motorola would replace the whole unit , but since the year was up I was SOL . Then about 2 months later my girlfriends unit quit pairing with her phone . I went on Motorola 's website and followed all directions , but could not get it to pair again . Then I called Motorola phone support and after following everything via their guidance , I was told that the unit was no longer any good and they really could not do anything and would not help me any further `` thank you and have a nice day '' Bottom line Motorola is overpriced , over rated , under built , and un-supportive to the customer . I should have at the very least been offered some sort of discount for a replacement , but was given the go away you bother me treatment.My advice is either find something else or make sure you buy these cheap because they are short-lived and throw-away .
 I stop using the product after the first week and 5 person told me that could barely hear my voice while I was speaking loudly in the car .
 I have had this headset for nearly a year . It worked great for about two months and then people started to complain that they could not hear me clearly . The noise cancelling feature has not worked well on my H700 because many people have complained of road noise when I am driving . I will be purchasing another headset because of the poor performance of this one .
 Just like someone else here , I received this item from Ace Digital and it has some kind of foreign plug on the charger . This is unacceptable .
 Manufacturer advertizes that this particular model affords 6 hours of talk time between charges . The one I purchased provides less than 60 minutes talk time between charges .
 I actually have had to order another one yesterday . This one would not keep a charge and it kept connecting and then disconnecting . It was properly done by the tech in one of the stores .
 A little while ago I spotted these markers on here for $ 7.97 a pair . Thought for that price , I might just as well try them ... Well turns out , they were n't even worth that much.I ordered two pairs and out of the four markers , one was completely dead , one would just very faintly stay on and not blink , and the other two -LRB- which I assume were working correctly -RRB- would blink so slowly than if you were to rely on them to see where your driveway ends , you would have to stop and wait for them to light back on . And should I even mention that you have to take them off the PVC pipe that acts as a pole to turn them on , the switch being in the hollow base ? I do n't know if Amazon sold them at such a low price at that time because they were getting rid of a batch of sub-par units , but I would n't even begin to think of chancing it for the price they are selling for now . And not only are they cheaply made , but they look even cheaper . Spend a little more money and buy serious markers ...
 I bought this product to inflate an airbed . The first converter received had a broken piece rattling around inside the case . Amazon sent a replacement that did n't work . I wo n't try again ! Not a quality product . Thanks Amazon for great service !
 As Amazon 's suggested pairing , I ordered this adapter to power a Master Flow MF-1040 Cyclone High Volume Portable Air Compressor . It did n't have enough power to turn over the compressor . I exchanged the it and tried again , same result . This is an adequate product for lighter use , but not for what I needed . Amazon , as always , was great about the return and refund .
 When this item arrived and I could n't get it to work with my compressed air generator , I assumed I had misread the requirements . after reading other reviews , I think that maybe it 's just a bad product . Unfortunately , after I bought this item , it sat in the garage for a while before I used it , so I was unable to return it .
 I pluged it in and it did not work.And i do not know where to send it back to.Plus if i did i would have to pay shipping.My Return label got lost also . -LCB- whitch -RCB- is my fault.B R K.
 I purchased this product and let it sits in my garage for a couple of months . I went to use it this morning and it does n't work . Do n't purchase it . It is a piece of junk .
 About the only thing this power converter is good for is powering a low watt light ! Not even close to the product description !
 I purchased this item to run a small air compressor so that I could air up floats on vacation . I tested the item as soon as I received it and my compressor would not turn on . I was able to get the flashlight on the compressor to come on sometimes . I promptly returned the item for a refund .
 I read some of the bad reviews , but I was convinced the good reviews overturned the bad . I was wrong . I received this unit yesterday and it never worked from the gitgo . I will not make this mistake again . I am now contacting Amazon about returning the unit .
 Cheaply made . I got it , plugged it in , and it burned out . Opened and found a transistor not even screwed in . Save your money . It was n't worth the aggravation of returning it . I used it in my RV . I hard wired a wall socket instead . Works much better , and half the price .
 When we received this item it didn `` t work at all . Had to return to Amazon and ordered a different brand , which worked great .
 THIS THING DID NOT WORK FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR ... . I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK
 I purchased this to run a small 3amp -LRB- half the rated capacity -RRB- pump . The pump runs for short time and then stops . I have unplug this unit from the wall and then plug it back in to get it working again . It then works for a short time and then quits again . I would not recommend that any one purchase this item .
 I purchased this unit to power theKoolatron Compact Kooler , which uses 4.5 amps . I figured since this adapter is rated at 5.8 amps there should be no problem . Well there was a problem . I got no juice from the adapter at all . At first I thought it was an issue with the cooler , but I quickly ruled that out when I was able to get the cooler running while plugged into a 12V outlet in my car.I then thought that maybe the amp rating of 5.8 was exaggerated , so I tried plugging in a standard car phone charger , which also did not work with the adapter . My conclusion ... the adapter is a dud . It seems like after reading some other reviews here , the amp rating of 5.8 may indeed be exaggerated , so I decided to go with another product -LRB- 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter -RRB- . *** UPDATE *** The5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapterworked great right out of the box . My first impression was that it was definitely much heavier than the Sunforce 55520 and it seemed to cool the fridge effortlessly . If you need an AC/DC Power Converter that will power a device upto 5 amps , skip the Sunforce and go with the5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter . You wo n't regret the decision .
 I bought this to use with a Coleman Inflate-All Quick Pump so I could inflate bike tires and other things without having to be near a car . It did not produce enough power to even budge the pump , even though the manufacturer claims it will work with a pump or compressor.Make sure the seller will pay for return postage if you buy this . -LRB- Northern Tool & Equipment did n't . -RRB-
 I ordered this converter and the first one I received did n't work . I have another converter that runs my DC appliances just fine so I know it was n't my appliances . I returned it and requested a replacement . The replacement did n't work either . I would order a different brand .
 Amazon recommended this product for an air compressor that I was buying . It did n't work for the compressor . It would work for a lower amp 'd item , but that was not why I bought it . So buyer beware of what you need this for .
 I bought this adapter so that I could use my portable air compressor in my house . It does not work with my compressor . It is useless to me . Since the time that I wrote the preceeding three sentences , I have found a use for this item . I can use my cell phone 's car charger in the house with it . It came in handy for a friend of mine who lost his regular AC charger . I am changing my rating from one star to two .
 I PLACED ORDER FOR THE SUNFORCE AC/DC POWER CONVERTER , IT CAME IN AND IT WOULD NOT WORK , AMAZON DID SEND A REPLACEMENT AND LABEL SO I COULD SEND THE BAD ONE BACK . WHEN I GOT THE REPLACEMENT IT DID NOT WORK EITHER . I WOULD RATE THIS PRODUCT A ZERO . AMAZON REFUNDED MY MONEY IN FULL . I WILL CONTINUE BUYING THRU AMAZON BUT TRY TO STAY AWAY FROM ANYTHING MADE IN CHINA . I ALWAYS BUY USA UNLESS THERE IS NOTHING AVAILABLE . I DO N'T MIND PAYING MORE IF USA IS AVAILABLE BUT USA MADE PRODUCTS ARE NOT ALWAYS MORE EXPENSIVE BUT ARE MUCH BETTER QUALITYTHANK YOUJERRY FROM TEXAS
 Despite expert advice this Sunforce product is not a powerful enough tool to convert my wife into an AC/DC fan . It does not work . No matter how long I use this tool she , to this day , does not appreciate the classic rock & roll stylings of AC/DC . Classics like Big Balls , and Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap have yet to hit home with her . I 'll have to re-read the instruction manual ... perhaps I 'm using this device incorrectly .
 I also bought this charger at Walmart . When I first tried it , it felt strange going in , however by no means was it forced . It did n't work , so I returned it to Walmart . That night , i plugged in the wall charger and that did n't work either . I looked into the plug on the RAZR and one of the pins was bent . I 'm not sure if I 'll be able to bend it back without breaking it!DO NOT buy this charger !
 I purchased this adaptor at Walmart . At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $ 7.44 , until I plugged it into my phone -LRB- V3c Razr -RRB- . It seemed pretty snug so I pulled it out and to my dismay I noticed that it had what looked like a bent pin . I looked at the phone 's connector and it had one as well . Luckily I was able to repair my phone by myself . I went back to Walmart and tried the other two they had in stock , and they all suffered from the same problem . Needless to say I will probably never by another Belkin product again .
 I seriously believe this thing has dammaged my IPod . It would lock up my IPod when I was listening to it while charging . It also reads as charged within about 4-5 minutes of charging , but when I unplug it , is back down to only a quarter charged . I ended up throwing this in the garbage , the great price is not worth ruining an expensive IPod . Also , this item does not have the approved by UL stamp on it and it gets extremly hot while plugged in , even when its only been plugged in for about 20 minutes or less . BAD PRODUCT
 when i put my cell in this case i immediately lost my signal . it didnt matter where i was it would do the same thing all the time .
 amazon says it works for blackberry 8700 but in reality it doesnt . when i received this product it doesnot mention anywhere that it works for 8700 .
 I bought this headset to go with my Samsung A900 phone . It 's a very nice looking headset and pretty comfortable . However , unfortunately , it 's impossible to get the volume loud enough without hearing non-stop static . I tried turning the volume up on the headset and down on my phone , and down on the headset and up on my phone . No combination worked . The static was even worse if I was even a few feet away from my phone.I do a lot of highway driving , so I have to have enough volume to hear over road noise and that was n't happening . Also , people I talked to said they could n't hear me very well.I 'm sure it works well with some phones , but not with the A900 .
 I bought this product last year to go with my MoroRazr and later with Krazr.First of all , the positives.This has an amazing battery life . For me , it used to run for more than a week , generally 10 days between charge.Being water resistent and shock resistent , it reduces a lot of worry about dropping it at wrong places . And i have dropped mine at places I should n't have.The high usage rings -LRB- apart from the normal ear curve -RRB- are good performing and available in two sizes to fit different ears.Well , the positives stops at that . Now the reality.Everytime I turn it off , the next time i turn it on , sound is reset to min level . That means I need to increase the volume everytime I turn it on.Everytime , I leave it on at night and set an alarm on my mobile , it disconnects when the alarm rings and turns off after some timeThe sound is fine but mic is of average quality . My friends have told me the disturbance they get when I am using the headset . This is even when I am in office in a totally silent environment . The complaints go away if I use my phone . I am not expecting the same voice quality as directly using my handset but would like better than what is offered.The installation manual is as useful to a human as it would be to a dog.I think that summarizes it . I would recommend this product to someone who is specifically looking for ruggedness and long battery life and do n't use his/her mobile phone as an alarm . Else , stay away .
 The sound is way too quiet and the inner ear piece broke off after 2 days . It would have to be sodered back on . That 's what you get for a 10 dollar earpiece .
 Biggest POS I ever wasted a buck on . Was under my shirt for half an hour and died from sweat . Do n't waste your money or time .
 I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day , even when the phone was turned off . The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem . After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center , they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable `` due to customer abuse . '' I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage -LRB- unless using it to make phone calls counts as `` customer abuse '' -RRB- , but got the same comment , without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation . It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty . You 'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works . After that , you 're on your own .
 The product itself would have worked great if they included all the pieces . Only the plug in portion came , no USB cord . I then requested a cord and WebTreo said they would mail one to me immediately , but none came . I emailed their customer service again and have received no response . FYI - it works to charge your iPod too .
 I purchased this based on the images that show a separate cable and adapter brick . I wanted the option of using the cable with the computer or the charging brick . I already have a charger that came with my BB that has an attached cable which is another wire in the bag ! Guess what , I got the same thing again !!!!!! Update 12/09The image seems to have been updated . The right thing to do would have been to update the product I received as well !
 Beware of faulty merchandise from CCM Accessories . I puchased in December 2010 a Blackberry International Travel Charger -LRB- Black -RRB- for my BlackBerry Tour 9630 and looked like OEM but now I 'm not sure because when I took it on my trip - I found out that it was not working as I was at an USA airport to begin a long trip overseas . When I contacted CCM they told me that since it was past 30 days , they would not refund my PRIME Amazon account.Make sure you check the chargers for $ 9.99 - it may not be a true original equipment from the manufacturer . I was disappointed in CCM 's response and will not order from them .
 in the item description it says micro usb compatible . . which led me to believe it was a micro usb connector . . but it was really a mini usb connector . .
 I bought this product so I could charge my BlackBerry on a trip to Ireland . It did not work -LRB- no charging and charging icon did not show on BB screen -RRB- . There was no way to check it prior to the trip . So , this meant I had to buy the adapter there -- buying it twice , the Ireland cost being quite high . -LRB- The one I bought in Ireland charged very slowly , but it did charge and the being charged icon showed on the BB screen . -RRB- I feel certain the company would have accepted a return , but since I could n't test it here , that did me no good . Plus carrying it around on the rest of the trip and the return postage on this low cost item did n't make it worth while .
 The item ordered is not working for my storm -LRB- connection is loose -RRB- blackberry connects fine with my car charger . I am in the process of exchanging item .
 Do not be deceived by the images
 I bought 3 of these to use with my Blackberry BOLD 9000 but it does NOT fit .
 The description of this product did not state that the connection was a mini , because of this I purchased this item and I needed to purchase another charger with the micro connection .
 Instead of receiving the BlackBerry international charger , I received a Nokia US wall charger . I am returning the item , for I have no use for a Nokia charger .
 This plug is the wrong size . Does n't fit the Blackberry Bold as advertised . I did n't discover that until I was on a trip and needed to use it .
 If you are ordering this for the Blackberry Tour , it does not fit . The charger is not a Micro-USB charger .
 I went for the most expensive and got the worst . Heavy static always loosing connection with phone and does not fit well on ear . Replaced it with the motorola 700 and there is a world of difference .
 The price was right , the idea was good . The instructions are worthless and I can not find a support site . $ 10 down the drain . If you follow the instructions to pair it will not pair . If you try pairing another way it pairs but never connects . I am furiosly looking for a support site to get the correct instructions . This should be simple .
 I received this battery , which is sold as new and was quite clearly used . Works about as good as the battery I needed to replace .
 I think Burton is onto something excellent here ... . however , it 'll probably be another year or two before its technology is perfectedFirst off - the jacket is excellent ! Very flexible , warm , and waterproof -- so no complaints on the jacketIt is the technology that disappoints meThe jacket has a neat construction -- you keep your iPod on one side of your chest and your phone on the other side , with a remote on your wrist that pretty much controls both devicesThe phone functions are neat because calls come through immediately , with the speakers in the hoodie allowing you to hear the other person calling and a mic in the front part allowing you to talk -- the entire setup is pretty convenient and pretty solid , as people could hear me well and I could hear themHowever , the speaker could be better ... . calls and music come through clear , but I wish it were much louderThe iPod functions are what really upset me though -- the iPod is slow to respond to the wrist controls functions ... . in addition , sometimes the iPod functions wo n't work if you have the phone connected on bluetoothoverall -- the stability of the jacket 's system needs to be worked out -- I 'm pretty impressed with it , but wait another year for Burton to fix this onePEACE AND LOVE AND HAPPY BUYING !!!!!! Muhammad Ali Hasan
 This jacket is a great concept . Unfortunately , that is all that it is . I bought one , and managed to make it completely non-op in two days of normal free riding.First problem
 The Jacket -LRB- as a jacket alone -RRB- is nice a warm , a little puffy , but what do you expect with down ? I have been out in some of the most intense storms , high wind , freezing cold temps , etc and this jacket never left me cold . now about the electronics ... You probably wanted to buy this jacket because you can hear your tunes and have your phone all connected at once -LRB- via bluetooth -RRB- . Put your money back in your pocket and go back to plugging your headphones in to your music player - the components in this jacket are about as fragile as egg shells .1 . in cold temps -LRB- any thing below 10 degrees -RRB- the battery dies and the wrist controller malfunctions2 . in normal weather the wrist controller is slow , is hard to read , and is not at ALL intuitive .3 . sometimes the bluetooth searching locks and you have to restart the system4 . the wires are fragile and the jacket stopped working the second week after I bought it -LRB- and paid hundreds for it , like $ 600 if i can remember correctly -RRB- .5 . i called burton to ask for replacement parts - it will cost me $ 125 since i cant find the tiny , small piece of paper that proves i bought it -LRB- what a load of horse hockey -RRB- . I will never EVER buy anything from Motorolla again , and I will think long and hard before I get any thing from Burton . They KNEW there was a problem with this jacket last year and they did nothing to compensate people who spent two weeks worth of pay on their gear . I want to vomit on this jacket and send it to Jake and see how much he likes it .
 I think Burton is onto something excellent here ... . however , it 'll probably be another year or two before its technology is perfectedFirst off - the jacket is excellent ! Very flexible , warm , and waterproof -- so no complaints on the jacketIt is the technology that disappoints meThe jacket has a neat construction -- you keep your iPod on one side of your chest and your phone on the other side , with a remote on your wrist that pretty much controls both devicesThe phone functions are neat because calls come through immediately , with the speakers in the hoodie allowing you to hear the other person calling and a mic in the front part allowing you to talk -- the entire setup is pretty convenient and pretty solid , as people could hear me well and I could hear themHowever , the speaker could be better ... . calls and music come through clear , but I wish it were much louderThe iPod functions are what really upset me though -- the iPod is slow to respond to the wrist controls functions ... . in addition , sometimes the iPod functions wo n't work if you have the phone connected on bluetoothoverall -- the stability of the jacket 's system needs to be worked out -- I 'm pretty impressed with it , but wait another year for Burton to fix this onePEACE AND LOVE AND HAPPY BUYING !!!!!! Muhammad Ali Hasan
 received this item last weekbut pair with computer is kinda pain , it connects automatically to my computer , but the audio does n't work , I have to disconnect and reconnect from computer to make the a2dp work -LRB- my computer runs IVT stack 2.3 regular version -RRB- though it claims class 1 -LRB- extended range -RRB- , I found RF is not good as Bluespoon Spider -LRB- it 's also class 1 wireless headphones -RRB- the LCD can display the operation mode , frequency -LRB- FM radio , but it has NO preset -RRB- , or the incoming caller IDI can get about 6-7 hours continuous playback on wireless headphones mode -LRB- this is mainly to use as wireless headphones -RRB- here is a major problem that 's why I give that low grade , and motorola must read this , and use oscilloscope the check the audio output phase : I found one side audio phase IS REVERSED -LRB- left or right -RRB- , that makes pretty uncomfortable in my ears , but once I modified the headphones speaker -LRB- reverse the polarity on one side -RRB- , the audio returns to normalmotorola should inspect all of them immediately and check the audio phase on both left and right side , and run recall program once they found this is a design or manufacture problem
 I had a Jabra Dog tag bluetooth devive and love it until I lost it . I was looking for a replacment and came across the S705 Sound Pilot . It worked `` ok '' for th first few days but then it would not charge and power on . Needless to say I need to go back to the dog tag as this device will not work after such a short period of time . I do not recommend this at all .
 Loved the A2DP , hated the microphone . They were sooooo close ! Had microphone problems with one , and everything else worked great when connected to my LG VX8300 , so I figured I 'd exchange it for another . Even tested the voice command and made a call on the new one . Worked once , and I took it home . The next two times , the mic was so bad I could n't do a call by voice command and the person on the other end could n't understand me.I would have given 3 stars , since the MP3 player control was great , stereo sound was great , and the radio was a total bonus . But Motorola tech support was horrible . I emailed and the first thing they asked was `` when did you buy it ? '' Lady , the product has n't been out long enough to be out of warranty ! And the second response was `` ship it back '' . That 's the best Moto can do with an early adopter ? Geez , glad I did n't buy a Moto phone!I see the Sony/Ericsson pendant has gotten great reviews , maybe I 'll try that one .
 This product did not work , would not stay on the phones screen , so i put it in the trash not worth buying.Great idea but wont stick
 You might want to think twice about buying an Audiovox phone . I 've had one for 21/2 months now . Well , I 've actually had it only 2 months . It took a little over two weeks for the company to repair it when it stopped getting any signals.But , less than 24 hours after I got it back the phone another problem ! This time with the keypad . Audiovox wo n't let the dealer replace it . It 's got ta be sent back again.So , bad quality , bad repair , and bad customer service . Buy at your own risk .
 The quality of the sound of the earpiece speaker , the speakerphone and the ringer are simply the worst I have ever encountered . Elevating the volume of any of these causes significant amounts of distortion . The earpiece is also very poorly designed in that moving the phone in the slightest will cause total occlusion of the sound , so the phone must be held almost perfectly still . The camera , although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels , renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution . The phone has a very competitive feature set , but few of the features perform satisfactorily . I returned it after 10 days of disappointment , and was told by the unsurprised Sprint representative that despite the phone 's newness , the return rate was already quite high . In its place , I purchased a Sanyo 8200 with which I am absolutely satisfied . The only good thing I can say about the Audiovox phone is that the display was bright and clear , and had extremely vivid color . Do n't be tempted by the rich set of features - pass on this phone .
 This is a poor Sprint phone , full of crackle and echo . When I went in to complain , they did not seem surprised -LRB- I was beyond the 30-day return period -RRB- . Seems that they sell these knowing many people will not figure out what a piece of useless crap it is before the return period is over .
 * To be fair , I liked about the phone the camera resolution and the zoom , but it is very slow even on the least resolution . * The camera shutter response is very delayed , that makes it very hard to capture some thing moving even in low speeds . * The phone got a good voice dialing feature but the phone , for some reason , becomes deaf after using the feature for some time . I discovered that the phone gains its hearing-abilities after you erase the recorded voice dial and re-record it . * You can not add your wife work phone and mobile phone to the voice dialing . It has to be only one entry . * Horrible speaker * Un-acceptable voice quality . * The headset volume is very inconveniently loud . And when you try to lower the volume , it goes down but to a certain level . That level is still too loud that can damage your ear drum especially if you are using these silicon headsets from Jabra.JMG .
 Dooney makes great handbags but because this does n't have closure it feels flimsy and cheap -- is n't much use for intended .
 I like the slide design , however , it makes the phone very top-heavy . This makes it difficult to text message with one hand . I also do n't like the buttons . There is very little ridge detail between the numbers , so it is difficult to be sure you are pressing the correct number .
 I got this phone less than a year ago and it has already broken twice . Verizon has given me a free new phone twice because the product malfunctioned . They told me the last time that they have had a lot of problems with this product and they recommend a different phone when I am eligible . I have a few friends who have had problems with theirs also . Apparently the reason LG came out with the new chocolate is because this one was so bad .
 I bought the Strawberry Chocolate one year ago and now it 's starting to do things it never did before . It dials number out of my contacts when it 's in my purse at least once a day ... . When I 'm out , I hear the voice command mode turn itself on and it 's telling me to `` say a command '' . The touch screen in getting harder and harder to touch ... I loved this phone up until a couple weeks ago . Now I hate it and have to wait one more year to get a new phone ... ARGHHHHH !
 I have had this phone for two around two weeks and i have had so many problems with it . the call button doesnt work half the time . I cant use the phone to make callstext or set my alarm when it is plugged in . and the battery can be fully charged but die after a couple 5 minute calls and 10 text messages . very unsatisfied customer !
 I do not like my Strawberry Chocolate . The touch sensitive buttons do things when you do n't even touch them . When I receive or place a call the mute screen pops up on its own . My camera quality is poor . If it was n't so expensive to get a different phone I would .
 I have had nothing , but problems from T-Mobile . The phone is great when it works , but dropped calls are a real problem and I ca n't use it at home because the sound is so bad . I would get this phone with another carrier or suffer the consequences .
 I find this phone hard to use . The instruction book is hard to use too . Worst feature of all , the phone makes calls when I put it , unlocked , in my purse and it gets bumped by anything . I thought it was just me but I get accidental calls from other Pearl users too . The handset can be locked but watch out if you forget because you 'll make unintended calls at awkward times . I would not recommend this phone .
 If you have not yet bought a Pearl , then do n't . I 've had this almost two years and I ca n't wait till my contract is up so I can chuck this POS into a recycling box!Why ? # 1 Poor durability -LRB- and I 'm easy on phones -RRB- . I had this phone for a month when the button that holds the batter cover on popped off . It 's a piece of plastic with a tiny spring the size of a toenail clipping . Somehow this was my fault and this sort of defect did n't fall under the manufacturer 's warranty . AT&T ; , the Company I bought it from , would do nothing . OEM -LRB- The manufacturer -RRB- offered to repair it for $ 90 dollars ! AT&T ; offered to SELL me a new phone for $ 199 -LRB- when I got it free with a 2 year contract -RRB- . Both Companies ' best suggestion was to buy a silicon cover for the phone to hold the batter back on . Also , the chrome like paint on the phone wore off within 6 months of using it . C'mon people ! # 2 This phone interferes -LRB- makes that buzzing sound -RRB- REALLY loudly with any audio device . More than any other phone I 've owned . So if you want the convenience of using your USB cable to charge it on your laptop or pc , mute your speakers , or you 'll be sorry . Also GREATLY interferes with car stereos , TV speakers , PA systems , and etc. # 3 I am equally disappointed that bluetooth headphones are not any option for this phone because the Pearl does n't use the new technology that most , if not all , of the stereo headphones do . The headphones available for this phone are junk , and there is no good off brand alternative either . I 've tried every adapter electronics store sell . # 4 Make sure your cellular carrier has a REASONABLE data plan for blackberry . AT&T ; only has the `` blackberry data plan '' that costs a minimum of $ 39.00 in addition to your minute plan . You can not use the blackberry feature without this plan . This does n't include using your blackberry as a wireless modem , that costs extra and you are limited on how much date you can use . -LRB- Do n't go over unless you 're prepared to take out a second mortgage . -RRB- Not useful as a personal organizer unless your willing to spend over $ 100 a month for a cellphone bill.Seriously , this has been a thorn in my side , rather than a helper -LRB- which is why I bought a Blackberry -RRB- .
 I purchased my first blackberry this year . I heard all about what a great gadget it is so I purchased a blackberry Pearl along with the Blackberry data plan . Well , to my surprise , the device is n't even manufactured by blackberry or Research in Motion , it 's a Qualcomm phone ! A cheaply made Qualcomm phone.The back of the device is constantly falling off and the mobile browser that comes included with the device is horrible . There is no touch screen , the keys are too small , and the intelligent typing feature is a drag when you need to enter an email address . For example , it does n't recognize `` com '' , it pretty much forces you to enter `` vom '' . . Next time I will get an Apple IPhone . The blackberry does n't come even close to the Iphone in features and quality and the pearl is just $ 100-150 cheaper . What I do n't think people realize is the blackberry pushes your email to your phone while most of the smart phones out there allow you to choose to have your email pushed to your phone or you can pull it yourself .
 I 've had this battery for about a week now and have had to recharge it at least three times and I am not a heavy cell user . It seems no better than the original battery . And , its not worth returning as the shipping almost negates the cost . Will provide an update if things change ... but I would not recommend this battery .
 The ad does not properly inform you that the BT-60 will not fit in the W385 - IT SHOULD!This battery does not fit in the W385 - it is too thick and requires the user to find and buy an additional extended cover.If you want extended battery life ... and ... are willing to find and buy an additional extended battery cover ... then get the BT-90 battery.So ... do not buy this battery ... IF ... you do n't want to have to find and buy another battery cover ... and ... you may want to avoid this seller , since they do not properly inform you that this battery will not fit in the W385 , without another battery cover .
 The case is very poorly made . The clip actually broke from the enclosure , dropping my MDA to the concrete floor below . As it comes to be , only a tiny screw threaded into plastic holds the device together . As it is impossible to avoid , it will strip out . I only use the holster for 2-3 months before it broke .
 plastic tip was broken , very poor prduct not even worth $ 2 . Seller charges shipping too much , if you order two of them shipping fee on each item and comes in same box !
 After having my phone `` pop out '' of the holster and hit the concrete floor numerous times , I threw this away ! Just could not get the phone to stay locked .
 My phone always came out and fell on the ground . Now the clip itself just broke when i was adjusting my phone ! I would recommend a leather case .
 I received this holter on a Saturday and by Tuesday it fell and the small upper tab that holds the phone in its place broke . Ok , I know I 'm not supposed to let this kind of objects fall -LRB- specially because it was holding my cell phone when it fell -RRB- , but come on ! 1 lousy fall and that 's it ? I could make a holster out of Legos and it would last more than that ... And it 's just not worth the effort to try and return it.I only give it two stars because it was very cheap and while it lasted it achieved the purpose of holding the phone firmly in its place , although a couple of times it cost me a little more than it should to take the phone out of the holster.Now , if you 'll excuse me ... Where 's that super glue tube ?? ...
 I 've had this phone for one year . It has excellent battery life and is very reliable but it has one major defect
 This charger does not work for the Motorola W385 . When it is plugged into my Motorola W385 , the following error message displays on the phone
 The construction is shoddy , very bad quality leather , made in China.My phone -LRB- Cingular 8525 -RRB- would not even fit in it.The design itself seemed awkward.It went straight back to the Boxwave .
 Got my case ... first of all it 's not ALL leather - it 's leather wrapped around fitted plastic . Cool concept , but not what I expected -LRB- nor what was described -RRB- . Despite what another reviewer indicated - the case does n't come with a beltclip . It is bulky , unpractical , and quite frankly not worth it , unless all you need the case for is to protect the screen while the phone sits in your purse . The magnetic close is positioned right over the memory expansion slot ... computer 101 - memory chips and magnets should not be in the same place . Good news ... BoxWave Customer Support was great on the exchange and return . Unfortunately , they only operate via email , and are a bit slow in responding . However , they sent me a postage-paid mailing lable for the return , and it was relatively painless otherwise . My recomendation ... keep looking for a leather case , this one is n't worth it .
 Totally impractical - this model smartphone is already fairly bulky - this just makes it as lot more so . Even worse , you can not attach it to your belt or pocket because there are no clips and / or loops in the design !!
 Built for the 7100t or 7100r - does not fit any other 7100 series BlackBerry . Returning mine as soon as I finish this message . No more purchases from this vendor on Amazon .
 - The two top buttons seem to be made of metal instead of plastic and they STOPPED WORKING . - Very Short Duration Battery
 You want to call someone . I was prepared to love this phone from the start . Almost everything about it was exactly what I was looking for save one thing , reception . I 've owned about ten different Nokia phones over the years and the 8801 was by far the worst when it comes to the cell phone 's most basic function . My trusty Nokia 6610 comfortably showed four bars and excellent reception of the Tmobile GSM system . A swap of SIM cards yielded a fluttering one bar on the 8801 at best . If you 're considering this phone , make certain you have strong reception in your area . You 'll need it .
 I was TOTALLY disappointed with this phone , even after being very impressed with the design and after being for years , FORMERLY A LOYAL CUSTOMER to Nokia -LRB- very user friendly softwares , durable phones - I had three 6100 in a row -RRB- . LESS THAN A MONTH ONLY of use it is already almost completely useless -LRB- !!! -RRB- . And it never fell on the floor , never had a hit or anything like that.i - The two top buttons seem to be made of metal instead of plastic and they STOPPED WORKING . The problem is that they are essential for several features e.g. reaching the ` names ' with 1-touch ; erasing letters when typing a message ; etc.ii - other buttons , even the traditional plastic ones in the keyboard are not functioning well . The essential ` enter ' button in the middle of the 4-direction ` cursor ' is barely working and sometimes does n't work at all.As soon as I write this I will : a - learn how to return this to amazon ; b - go buy a RAZR or any other decent mobile ; c - go tell AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE not to buy this lousy phone . ` Good luck ' for those deceived by ` good looks ' . mp
 This fone first off when you flip up you have 0 volume control so it 's very hard to hear and you wind up breakin the slider action -LRB- nice to see the ball berrings fly out -RRB- . Luckally that happened to the first one I had within 30 days , the second one I got by return lassted slightly longer and now has a dead screen .
 I 've own the 8801 for a month and it a big deception to find out that my $ 700 Nokia wo n't work in Asia or Europe because it does not have the 900 band . I call Nokia to express my concern and they told me that I can buy the 8800 witch will work any where but it is not supported or warranty in US . I finally decided to return it and buy a Motorola Razr v3 even though I 've always owned a Nokia till now . I think the 8801 or 8800 is a big flashy joke that has drove me away from the brand.I would advise nobody to buy this phone unless you need to let your neighbors know that you own a $ 700 phone . But if I was you neighbor , I know that you are dump enough to pay for a 5 stars hotel room with no bed in it for you to sleep on . I had waited for that phone a while but what a deception .
 i bought this crap returned it and bought a w810 from sony ericsson , do the same , or better yet dont even try it buy the w810 from the getgo .
 Stupidly , I spent $ 900 on this phone the very week it was made available for sale in the U.S. , and then I bought a second one as a gift . The phone kept turning itself off automatically , even when loaded with a fully charged battery . So Nokia sent me a replacement phone -LRB- number 1 -RRB- , which had some loose schmutz under the screen . So Nokia sent me another replacement phone -LRB- number 2 -RRB- , whose keypad backlighting did not illuminate whenever I opened the slide . So Nokia sent me another replacement phone -LRB- number 3 -RRB- , which automatically and inexplicably lost its WAP settings every time I had to switch the phone off . So Nokia sent me yet another replacement phone -LRB- number 4 -RRB- , which slid open too far on its very first use , exposing the wiring and circuitry and rendering it impossible to use . So Nokia -- God bless them -- sent me one more replacement phone -LRB- number 5 -RRB- , which I have been using for just over one week now and which no longer makes a keypad tone whenever I dial the 3 , 6 , 9 , or # keys.The phone looks and feels sleek , yes . The charging base emanates a pulsating blue light . The ringtones , composed by Ryuichi Sakamoto , are beautiful . But this phone is a colossal waste of money
 This is a pretty cell phone , no doubt about it . It has some beautiful ring tones -LRB- although they sound better as MP3s on a computer than coming from the phone 's speaker -- a bit tinny if you ask me -RRB- , cute icons , nice sleek lines , and an addictive feel to it when you slide the top up and down . The packaging for the phone is truly spiffy and luxurious . The 8801 packaging reminds me of the masters in the area
 i just ordered my phone last night . i have n't received it yet - hopefully this friday - according to the representative i spoke with.i 've read many reviews regarding this phone , the U.S. version - NOKIA 8801 -LRB- 8800 version for Africa , Asia & Europe -RRB- and there are mixed reviews about this `` metal '' phone.as i mentioned at the beginning , i 'm still waiting for my phone . as soon as i receive it , i will be able to provide a better review . so for now , i 'm giving it a -LRB- 1 -RRB- one STAR . ********************** ********************* Part two & Final thoughts ... Continuation of my first review ... After a long decision and anticipation to purchase the phone , it finally arrived!I placed my order just before midnight -LRB- EST -RRB- Wednesday and I 'm very impressed with the delivery time -LRB- delivered Friday -RRB- ! The packaging by Nokia is very well thought of . When you open the box , the phone and the story book are the first items that greet you -LRB- as a sound of harmonious alleluias sounds off in the back of your mind -RRB- . You 're eyes will light up -LRB- at least mine did -RRB- . The inside packing is lined with velvet and the contents are all neatly packaged inside . Since this is a very expensive phone , Nokia even thought of the packaging for this model.After installing my SIM card -LRB- Cingular -RRB- and powering it up , I noticed the screen display is very clear and the carrier name displays on the screen . The phone does attract finger prints , but it can easily be wiped off by the pouch that comes with the phone . The cradle / charger is pretty neat . The base of the cradle has a blue light once it 's plugged in . The screen part of the phone slides up to reveal the keypad . It 's not a push button mechanism which you might think of just by looking at the phone . With a slight push of the thumb , you 'll notice the quality of the sliding design Nokia made . It 's very sturdy unlike the first few predecessors the Nokia 8860 & 8890 . The keypad -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is not as cumbersome as other writers have mentioned . If you do have large fingers , it will be a bit of a challenge to use the keys . Keep in mind that the phone has a voice dial and one touch dialing feature . Taking the back cover off is a bit of a challenge , but in due time you will get used to it . The batteries are small compared to the Nokia 6620 or the other models for that matter . I guess besides the not-so-strong power of the battery -LRB- talk time and stand by time -RRB- , it 's nice that you get two batteries because each will cost you around $ 50 dollars . Nokia should 've used the battery size from the 6620 model . But looking at the size of the phone , it 's understandable why it 's a small battery size . In time I 'm sure they will come up with a more powerful battery and I 'm sure there will be some sites out there that will sell the batteries for less , but Nokia recommends that you purchase the accessories from a reputable and authorized dealer.Is this a lengthy review or what ? I did n't get paid to say this - I 've been a Nokia fan for a long time . Keep in mind that these are my thoughts and my review to help you decide whether to purchase or not.There are no problems -LRB- yet - knock on wood -RRB- that I 've encountered since I 've installed my SIM card . I 've made and received calls already and the calls are clear . I know the price of this phone is almost a grand , but Amazon.com -LRB- by far -RRB- offers the best deal . I know ... I know ... I should 've tried Ebay and I did . I 'm just not sold on the `` bidding '' aspect of it . Some will sell the included accessories as `` extras '' when it 's originally part of the package ! Be aware of those sellers !!! Do n't get me wrong , some are honest and some are not . It 's up to you ! Again , this is just my opinion!Going back to the phone review ... I change my previous -LRB- 1 -RRB- one `` star '' rating to a -LRB- 4 -RRB- four `` stars '' . Why 4 ??? Because NOTHING is perfect ! Everyone is entitled to their opinion -LRB- s -RRB- and these are mine . This is one of the most expensive one-item purchases I 've made besides an SLR digital camera -LRB- that 's another story -RRB- . The bottom line ... if you like unique and one-of-a-kind items or if you 're a `` techno-sexual '' like I am who 's into technology , then you need to get this phone . If you can go to a store that sells this phone and can hold it before you buy it ... do it , so you get an idea of the size and the feel of this phone ! That 's what I was trying to do and I can not find a store that has it ! Needless to say , I 'm not disappointed by the phone when I opened the box and held the phone in my hand -LRB- it 's a small phone compared to the photos seen on various sites -RRB- and after navigating through the menus , which by the way are the same concept from the good old earlier Nokia models -LRB- if you 've owned an earlier Nokia phone -LRB- s -RRB- , you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . I hope my thoughts / review has helped you decide whether to purchase this `` stainless steel '' phone.GOOD LUCK.tatak pNOY
 Sadly this elegant phone is seriously flawed . I should have realised this when the package arrived containing two batteries , a clear warning . The battery time is ridiculosly short and will infuriate anyone who uses the phone for business calls or on the road . Sure , there 's a spare battery but you have to carry that with you even on personal time.Another issue is the susceptibility to humidity . Although I never dropped the phone or spilt water on it , there was a gradual deterioation in the key pad response within 3 months . Eventually critical keys stopped responding altogether . I sent the phone back to Nokia fully expecting a refund or replacement but was informed there was water damage . Living in Florida there is a natural level of humidity but Nokia do n't consider this to be relevant . The phone is hyper sensitive and should only be used by people who keep it in the little leather pouch they provide for 99 % of the time . Anyone who needs a real phone rather than a pure fashion statement should look elsewhere . Similarily it 's sad to see the lack of care Nokia demonstrates for key customers who have spent significant funds on their high end range .
 It looks good , have too many issues not worth the price point . When it was $ 900 it was a bad purchase at > $ 400 still a bad choice . If this phone goes down to $ 100 I might buy it as a pretty paper weight .
 nokia 8801 is a very attractive phone , however not very functional . the keys are very small which make it very hard to type text messages . the battery life is a joke , it does not last half a day with normal usage.funtionality does not justify the price .
 This thing is nice looking but thats it when it comes to durability it feel apart after less that a week .
 Pouch broke away from the belt clip the first time I tried to remove my phone form it . Cheaply made . Not a good choice .
 Waited three weeks for delivery and when it arrived it does n't fit my Motorola V171 . Ordered one last spring and it worked just fine . It looks like they changed vendors .
 I ordered this -LRB- extra Large -RRB- and when it came I was shocked to see what they called `` extra large '' , you could put a Motorola razor in it maybe a small Nokia but `` extra large '' it is not . The stitching is weak on the ends .
 the charger fits loosley in the phone but does `` charge '' if not jostled otherwise the price was extremely attractive BUT Item `` trashed '' and not usable !
 The vehicle charger did n't work the 2nd time I tried to charge my phone . I know the outlet is good because the red light on the charger came on , however my phone did n't charge . The phone is OK because it charged in the house . Very dissatisfied with this purchase .
 I used my vehicle charger for about two weeks . One day while using it in my car , I went to pick my phone up and the part that connects to the phone just came off inside my phone . I had some difficulty trying to remove the piece from the inside of my phone but I did . Otherwise I would not have been able to charge the phone with another charger . The delivery was timely but the product was unsatisfactory .
 listed as Palm , it is an LG charger with a Palm connector shoved on the end . it broke within 4 months . How they use the Palm name is beyond me ... it is a fake .
 Amazon 's order sequence for this product -- if you are an existing ATT customer -- is worthless . ATT will not allow existing customers to `` upgrade '' their equiptment even if they extend their contract . Amazon asks if you are an existing customer early in the order process . They then allow you to choose Family Talk options for the plan that corresponds to any new equiptment you order . Nowhere on the main Amazon order screens are you advised that as an existing ATT customer you will be given a new account with new phone numbers and not allowed to port your existing numbers . In short , Amazon allows a transaction that ATT will not honor -- and which will take you 3-8 phone conversations to clear up before you must return the equiptment and start over .
 Ok , well here 's the good part of this . When it is working it works well , I have a Sanyo phone with no bluetooth capability but I like to be able to walk around without lugging my phone , and this product works well . You can go a reasonable distance from the unit , as long as there are no walls , it does not work well through walls . Now with the bad parts . First of all is the price , when I bought it , it was 99.99 and now it is 129.99 , bluetooth headsets are at least half that . But the biggest problem I have with this is the battery life . The batteries are supposed to last 80 hours of talk time , but I am lucky if they go 2 weeks , and that is only about 10 hours at the most . I do n't know why it sucks the juice the way it does , but it is annoying , because each battery -LRB- you need 2 -RRB- is like 3 bucks and if you need to change them twice a month , that makes for an annoying and expensive problem . Maybe this problem was just with mine , but beware before buying , it may cost you more than you think .
 Cingular has coverage , better than most , but be prepared to pay for it . Also , if you want a phone that does more than just make calls , like access the internet , beware
 When I first joined , I called customer service about roaming . They informed me that if my phone said `` ROAM '' , then I was roaming , otherwise I was not.Recently I had large roaming charges , although my phone never said `` ROAM '' . Cingular refused to remove any of the charges for the following reason -LRB- in an email -RRB- : `` We see that all the charges applied to your account are valid charges . The actual rates charged will be determined by the information contained in our billing system , not based on the phone 's display . Hence , we would not be able to apply any credits against the roaming charges . `` We went back and forth several times , but Cingular stuck by their reasoning . All they did was thank me for my loyalty and wrote a half page marketing blurb about how they are a top service provider and how I can upgrade my phone and service . Unbelievable.Do not go with Cingular . In the event you love them or one of the phones they offer , then first ask yourself several questions .1 . How will you exactly know when you are roaming ? 2 . How will you know if information provided by Cingular is accurate ? 3 . Do you want to buy Cingular phones that Cingular will not stand by ? 4 . Are you ready to understand billing software and systems ? 5 . Are you ready to deal with a company who ca n't take responsibility for products , services and information it provides?Don ' t waste your time with Cingular .
 Customer `` service '' would be a misnomer regarding how they treat their customers . Their warranty service is horrible and their idea of coverage entails dropped calls left and right.I had a defective phone which I called in to get a replacement . They charged me a fee for this and told me that I would receive one within 48 hours . This never occured and I had to phone in repeatedly to find out that my phone was on backorder and it would take an indefinite period of time to get one . Instead they offered to replace my unit for an inferior one.Upon asking to speak to a customer care representative I was told in rude terms that I did not have a valid complaint and that I could take their offer or leave it . I asked to speak to a supervisor and was refused because I did not have a valid complaint to pass on . The reprensentative finally transferred my call since my complaint was for his rudeness and lack of service . ... over to a call centre in India in a different department.Upon sending a email complaint I was told to call another number . They essentially gave me two options1 - accept the inferior phone replacement2 - sign a new plan which offer half the minutes and more expensive by $ 20To say that I am disgruntled would be an understatement . Needless to say I am going to be filing a complaint with the consumer bureau for price gauging and I will not be renewing my contract .
 Have had Cingular for the last two years . When I lived in the Bay Area , had a lot of dropped calls . Ironically , even on freeways where you would expect the service to be strongest . Just moved to Portland , and it 's even worse . I have to tell clients I will call them back from a land line when I get calls in my car . Service is bad ALL OVER ! To make matters worse , the customer service for Cingular is horendous . Average wait time to talk to a live person is about 30 minutes . Never again .
 What is going on ? Amazon used to offer option for 1 or 2 yr contract for all voice plan . Now , it only has 2 yr contract ?! BE AWARE buyer . It only shows up 2 yr contract in regular size font , and you probably would n't notice if you did n't read carefully . AND it only has 15 days cancellation policy now . It used to have 30 days.IT IS NOT WISE to stuck for 2 yrs.I guess it is what you can after they purchase ATT wireless . Less competition is bad for consumers.They now have less minutes and poorer services . .
 I was looking for a new phone today and was surprised to see there are no plans with 1 yr . contract from cingular !! This is ridiculas .
 I was weary of AT&T turning into Cingular a while back , but was quite happy with Cingular . Now that they turned into AT&T again I have nothing but problems . My calls often get dropped or will not go through at all ! It sometimes takes numerous attempts -LRB- 6 or 7 -RRB- to get through , if I do n't give up first . I do not have an old phone , I recently bought a Blackberry Curve , which I felt improved my service quality from my old RAZRv3 , but that perk quickly declined to worse service than ever before . I do not recommend this service . I 'm thinking Verizon might be a good choice .
 Although it says it 's for a 9360 , it 's much too long , making it extremely difficult to get the phone out . Also , does n't have magnet sensors which help with battery life . Waste of money - ended up buying a different one on ebay for $ 12.50 - that one works great . Would have returned it , but had already tossed the packaging ... silly me ...
 The clip arrived in a plastic bag , not normal packaging , and as I pressed the two buttons to see how it worked , the top popped off , and the whole thing fell apart . A total of 30 seconds after I opened the shipping envelope . It looked like the top two mounting posts were never glued , and the bottom two posts just snapped off . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone . The Krussell All Metal Clips are much better . -LRB- Though out of stock by all vendors on Amazon . -RRB- The silver lining of this whole purchase was the Seller , GPSCheap . They were prompt and courteous and had taken care of the issue right away . Very good customer service , very poor product ...
 I am very disapointed . I ordered this for a lightsaber holder . After I put my saber in a few times , it fell apart . It should not have done that . Also it came in a little plastic bag , and not a plastic bubble case . Also it was all black , with no white . I am forced to keep this because I have no money to send it back and no way to currently do so . I am very sad and dissapointed and say you should not buy this . If there quality control is that bad , then why bother buying .
 Ok , I bought this USB data cable from Amazon.com , I bought it cus I saw the drivers in this site and it seems to be downloadable , then I bought it and download the drivers but the file was corrupted , and there was not any understandable information that this cable would came without SOFTWARE or DRIVERS once you bought it , and when I finally received it in my country which is Nicaragua and I had to use a P.O. BOX in USA for they can send it to me here and the Cable came without the drivers , just the cable with no DRIVERS can u imagine ? , of course that made me mad and start searching everywhere for the drivers , ARES AND OTHERS P2P found some of them but non of them seemed to work for me , LG dont have any drivers for this cable USB , and DRIVERSGUIDE.com either , I 've tried all what u guys can imagine , man to find a driver sometimes is bloody hard , I need the software but since I live in Nicaragua which is out of U.S.A of course I would spend much much money trying to get my money back , THEREFORE I AM BEGGING ANYONE THAT CAN HELP ME posting the software DATAPILOT here , please Rapidshare it cus I need it so bad , I have an LG VX3200 cellphone and hoping than this comment will help me , I need this drivers so bad , plz help !!!!! I thought it would be easy just buying in amazon.com and having my phone to work , but I was wrong.help please !!!
 Alvison was right , i ca n't find any driver or program that work with this cable -LRB- if the cable even does work -RRB- . I emailed the company and have n't received a response -LRB- surprise -RRB- . I would n't suggest this cable to anyone . I would either buy at a local cell phone store , or buy from the cell phone company.If anyone does know of a program please let me know.Dave
 This cable is a plain USB cable . It does not work for syncing the address book of a VX3400 -LRB- or VX3450 -RRB- with a PC or Mac using Bitpim or OnSync . For $ 20 + shipping , I was able to get a Future Dial USB serial cable model 60 that worked with OnSync on my Mac . See -LSB- ... -RSB- When the Bitpim site says `` DO NOT PURCHASE A STRAIGHT USB CABLE '' , they 're referring to products such as the USB Data Cable on this Amazon page . The alternative is a serial USB cable , that has some electronics in it to convert between a serial interface and USB . The Future Dial model 60 is a serial cable . It confusing because both cables are USB at one end and the LG phone connector at the other . You ca n't tell them apart by looking at their connectors .
 Our family bought two of these items as Christmas presents , primarily to allow both my son and I to have extended time on our respective laptops . I now know that this power backup device would have have been a stretch for my son 's Fujitsu Lifebook that requires a 19 volt input , but I was amazed that it could n't even provide power backup to my power-miser Compaq Presario . At the time I bought my Presario , just a few months ago , it was the smallest and most energy efficient laptop that Costco had to offer . Now I see essentially the same machine at Costco on the shelf above the `` MyPower '' rechargeable power device , and I have to say I feel it 's a bit disenginuous for the vendor to suggest on their packaging , both with an illustration and words , that their product is the answer to extended battery life for notebook computers.It 's still Christmas day and we 've only opened and tried the product today . Since it was a fairly major part of my college student son 's presents , I feel let down . I suggest the vendor practice a little more discretion with their packaging , perhaps illustrating the devices it DOES work better with , and maybe even letting the buyer know that it MIGHT work on their laptop . But caveat emptor killed me on this one . I may try to take ours back to Costco tomorrow . I feel badly because I had to break into a nearly impenetrable plastic packaging so it 's not going to look like a very pretty return package . Unfortunately , I have n't been able to come up with any other devices in our house that I could use it with , but since I have no reason to doubt that it works well for these other electronics , I decided to give a 2 rating rather than a 1 . For me it was a bust , an unecessary bust because I was deceived into the purchase by the misleading packaging . I ca n't believe I 'm the only one who seems to have this particular negative viewpoint on this product .
 I have owned 2 of these headsets since May 2005 . Sound quality is excellent . Reliability is excellent . Fit on ear is excellent -LRB- better than the many others I have tried -RRB- . Features are excellent . Then why have I owned 2 in the last 6 months?There is a FATAL design flaw which prevents me from recommending this headset . The very thing that makes this headset so comfortable -LRB- the spring loaded earpiece -RRB- , is the very reason that I will be trying to return my 2nd headset . On both headsets , the earpiece broke in exactly the same spot . The first one lasted about 2 months . The 2nd one lasted about 4 months . It ca n't be replaced or repaired , which means I now have 2 expensive paperweights . The first time they replaced it for free . I 'll try again , but since its been several months , I 'm not sure if they will replace again . Regardless , what good is an excellent fitting , excellent sounding headset , if the earpiece breaks . I have tried wearing it with the piece broken off , but it is not possible.Unless you are VERY gentle with this headset , you probably want to steer clear and go with a different manufacturer and design that is not so fragile .
 I went through two of these headsets , after about 2 weeks , I would start getting low-battery beeps after an hour or so of standby.The headset would buzz to the person on the other end of the call , and I had to just dump it.Logitech support was helpful , particularly when I called them from the headset and they heard the buzzing . They sent the first replacement right away , I did n't bother with replacing the second unit .
 purchased this product and after a period of time the headset somehow went on perminant mute . logitech was decent , sent me a new one , after the customer support guy had me make up number as to when i 'd orginally bought the product . finally recieved my 2nd headset , and after a couple of months , talk time is down to 10 min before i get the low battery beeps . called logitech again and they told me to send in my original paperwork . after speaking to the same customer support guy , he would n't budge and i was under the impression logitech thought i was trying to scam them . so instead of messing with an inferior product , i order a Sony Ericsson HBH-300 Akono Headset . i 'll keep my fingers crossed . stay away from this headset , it 's really not worth the trouble .
 I purchased two of these headsets about one year ago . Mine has since stopped working altogether , but my wife 's continues to operate without issue -- and she uses her 's much more than I do . Curious.Anyway , it is a nice headset with absolutely the best charger/case design that I have ever seen , but if you are looking for long-term use , you might want to look elsewhere . Of course , most people do n't keep their phones too long these days and they cost much more than this little headset .
 Got this device to work with my Motorola cell phone and to use with my Bluetooth PC adapter . So far , the unit is n't finding my phone nor will my PC find it . I want to use it for speech recognition applications with my PC . Colleague had one and used it that way so I bought one too . So far mine is silent !!!
 It does n't matter how many bells and whistles come on a particular phone - it 's only as good as the carrier . With Sprint , you will be headed for disappointment and frustration . Customer service , when you can actually get through to them , is incompetent . Prepare to have hours of your time stolen from you when you deal with a billing problem with Sprint . After switching credit cards , I 've spent days trying to give them the new number to bill to , with no luck . I 've had charges for services I never ordered nor authorized appear on my bill , and then spent literally hours of time e-mailing , trying to access their website and calling , with no resolution . Find a phone and a plan you can like with another carrier .
 There is one huge problem with this phone . When you 're on a call and a second call comes in - the sound on your first call drops ! Most people think that the first call was ended . Though it appears that way , the sound goes dead both ways on your first call.I am amazed that this has not been fixed and was not disclosed when I bought the phone . Search on Treo 700wx and call waiting in a search engine . You 'll find a ton of complaints about the same bug.Palm - do some better testing - this is a basic feature !!!!
 After owning the TREO 650 for two years it was time to upgrade . I 've always been interested in trying out the Smart Phones with the MS OS because I figured it provided more capabilities for a business person on the road , such as being able to retrieve e-mails and organize files more easily on the fly . I was wrong . I can understand that people may have their preferences with either the MS or Palm platforms , for me the MS -LRB- TREO 700WX -RRB- was to hard to navigate with one hand and the multiple open windows can be confusing . Also what I did not know is that I could not use the Tomtom software that I had been using on my TREO 650 because of incompatability issues . To me the phone was worthless . I took it back and got the TREO 755P . Palm keeps it simples and the enhance web capability over the TREO 650 made it much easier and faster to access web pages . Also they have improved Versamail so it is easier and faster to recieve e-mails . So I had strayed from the trusty Palm application once , but never again . Bottom line , the TREO 755P can do everything the TREO 700WX can and more . Stick with Palm
 I rarely write reviews , but after having this phone I thought I 'd write one.I 'm on my second Palm Treo 700wx in less than a year . If it was n't replaced under warranty I would n't still have this thing.I do n't load any software on to this thing because I know how finicky it is ... Even with that I 've had to do several data-clearing hard resets.Amongst problems I 've had with this phone :1 -RRB- Bluetooth works very poorly , if at all -LRB- very staticy compared to other phones -RRB- 2 -RRB- Synch issues while hooked up to the computer , just wo n't connect -LRB- this was the source of one hard reset -RRB- 3 -RRB- Unable to connect to internet , tries 5-6 times getting a `` no modem at number '' or something like that each time , another source of a hard reset .4 -RRB- Terrible reception , most of the time I get two bars , I might get 3 when I go outside , this is in Denver metro . I 've reverted to texting people when a conversation is important , because I ca n't make out all of what they say . The phone 's been replaced for this and has gotten * slightly * better .5 -RRB- Makes calls and changes settings even with keyguard enabled .6 -RRB- Synchs at all times of the day , whereever you are , regardless of your peak times settings or roaming schedule settings . This drains the battery FAST ! 7 -RRB- No option to set a reminder or flash a light for messages waiting . You get one alert when a new message or voicemail comes in , that 's it , after that there is a small icon at the top of the screen that let 's you know there is a message or some sort.I wanted to like this phone , I really did , but it 's the source of a lot of aggravation for me . .
 I am now on my 4th 700wxphone and it is a huge piece of junk . Bluetooth does not work , phone locks up , screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked . I ca n't understand what there has not been a class action lawsuit and massive recall . Where are the lawyers when you need them . You sure wo n't call on your treo 700wx . Sprint fix is to do a hard boot or replace the phone that is equally as bad .
 Like a lot of people probably did , I ignored everyone I knew who told me that this phone has a lot of problems . Mine was no exception . I 've had it for less than a year and have had every possible problem with it including multiple freezings , random screens that pop up hundreds of times/day , active sync not working , etc. . The only thing I do love is the keyboard and ease of reading the screen . It is a bit bulkier than I would want also . As soon as I can find a well reviewed smartphone , I 'm throwing this one in the trash !!
 My friend has been through three or four of these phones because there are hardware problems with each one . Also , it appears these phones could break if you drop them once . I 've droppped my Nokia about 30 times , sometimes scattering across the floor . Not the Palm Treo .
 I have owned this phone for about a year and half now . I have already replaced it once . My husband and friends have this phone as well . This phone has multiple small issues that add up to one big annoyance . You will be advised to make sure you have checked for updates if you have issues first . If you go to the Sprint website the last update was in 2007 . Issues that I have experienced are below :1 . Alarm does not always go off2 . Alarm goes off even though it was not turned on3 . Phone does not turn on at times4 . Phone locks up in the middle of doing something5 . Phone does not ring when calls are received -LRB- yes the sound is on and there was reception - I have sit and watched the phone light up but no sound or vibration . -RRB- 6 . Stylus falls out of holder -LRB- becomes loose after pulling stylus out repetitively . -RRB- 7 . Email will continuely sync at times and drain battery even though there is no issue with email server .8 . My phone is set to sync once an hour for my email and I have it set to download the least amount of information . I can make one 20 - 30 minute call at most and by the end of the day the battery is almost dead . Either the battery life is crap or the phone is draining more of the battery that it needs to during the day . *** The list goes on and on . I would reccomend looking into a different phone . I am currently in search of a replacement myself .
 I had the Treo 300 , 600 and 650 , all Palm-based , and loved them all . The 700wx windows version is not ready for prime time . Crashes daily , synchs sporadically , calls people at random , cuts people off on hold , drains batteries ... . I could go on and on and on . I absolutely detest this phone and wished I 'd listened to the Sprint tech rep in the store who tried to warn me . How about that ... Sprint continues to cell an expensive , high-end phone that its own techs know is bad . The guy seemed to have a negative attitude in general , so I di n't listen . I should have . Trust me , stick with the PALM version .
 The phone has a number of `` glitches '' . I had it for 2 years with Sprint and needed to reset it -LRB- take off the back cover and push the reset button -RRB- weekly . It would constantly freeze . Synching became such a problem that I stopped doing it . My computer would randomly stop recognizing the phone and I would have to reinstall and often this created duplicate entries -LRB- contacts , calendar , etc -RRB- . I used the phone as a modem , but that feature evently went awry as my computer stopped recognizing that too -LRB- Think it was a security software upgrade -RRB- . I was happy to finally get rid of the phone and get hte new HTC Hero.ProsGood size for large handsColor touchscreenIt 's a few years old now so the prices are down significantlyConsIts really behind the times relative to what android google os and other phones can do nowIt is a high maintanence phone
 Bought it for Real Estate purposes . Not functional . Not practical . Just not good . Crashes constantly and email does not work well .
 Treo can do anything . Anything , period . There 's nothing that I ca n't get , as long as I 'm willing to pay through the nose to get it.Live TV , -LRB- Daily Show , et al. -RRB- Sirius Music , email , youtube , whatever you can imagine.BUT SPRINT IS TERRIBLETrue , they offer the Live TV and Sirius which I could n't live without now that I 'm spoiled.But do not call Sprint and expect to be sane afterwards . I can understand busy times and what not , but for the last couple months it seems as though they have cut their workforce in half and doing business with them is intolerable.INTOLERABLE
 Bought this as an upgrade from the 650 . It is actually a downgrade though , the software from Microsoft is horrible compared to the Palm , so the 700 with Palm might be better . When on the phone the software will ` go places ' , i.e. it will open up programs , when the messages or phone rings it will open the volume control , and will not close it .
 This phone caused me problems from the first day I had it . Synching with my computer took eleven calls to tech support . Hooking up email support took three days and two visits to my office from the Altell account manager . Even though I have a nation-wide corporate plan , the phone would turn itself off when I traveled more than 50 miles from my office , and all emails would stop completely . The Bluetooth connection turns itself off randomly and sometimes required a soft re-boot -LRB- remove and reinstall the battery -RRB- just to allow me to reconnect . In just one month I had to do seven hard re-boots -LRB- remove the battery , hold down the power key while reinstalling the battery -RRB- just to unfreeze the phone.Last week I called Altell and demanded that they change me to a Blackberry at no charge . Now I have a brand new Blackberry 8703e which set up on my company 's server in less than five minutes . It has never dropped a call or failed a Bluetooth connection.Don ' t waste your time with a Palm Treo ; get a Blackberry instead .
 I have owned the 700wx for about 4 or 5 months now and it seems that it gets more and more unstable as every month passes . On bad days I will manaully rest the phone 2 or 3 times a day . 90 % of the problems start when I make/recieve a phone call and try to use the bluetooth -LRB- I have the P510 headset -RRB- . When the product works - it is great - once on a call with the bluetooth - it never has a problem - but it is always `` exciting '' when I want to make or recieve a call - never know if a `` melt down '' is about to happen . I do not always have to reset - but many times I will have to hang up and work through getting the bluetooth to play nice . I work in a high tech environment and currently work with 6 people that have either a 700p or 700w/wx - mine seems to be the worse but they all have their share of horror stories at some level . I have tried to work with Palm but they say that everything is up-to-date and since the problems are not consistently reproducable there is nothing they can do to troubleshoot.My recommendation is stay away from the windows version - the palm version is not perfect but a much more stable product .
 Outstanding idea , but I could not keep dust from getting under the protector . When I tried to wash the dust off , it was unsuccessful .
 I must admit , if nothing else , this is a pretty phone , but not much else . When I first got this phone , I was pretty excited to see if it would live up to all the rave reviews , and it did , for all of 5 months . It was downhill from that point on . Before I divulge why it was so bad , I have to qualify this review by saying that this phone was babied , it was never dropped , it never suffered any severe impact of any kind , and it never came into contact with any harmful substance -LRB- i.e. water , other liquids , etc. -RRB- First , the speakerphone stopped working ; it 's last few uses being comprised of a series of garbled noises to some confused caller on the other end . Secondly , the phone would occasionally reboot on its own without any help . If these has been the only problems , it would n't have been so bad , and up till then , I 'd been able to get by with using the phone as is . However , the last and final problem was due to the phone 's sliding action . For some reason , all the soft keys on the sliding-half of the phone stopped working - those being the end/power , send buttons and the navigational keys . It got to the point where I could n't send , or accept calls , look at text messages , go to the main menu , or even turn my phone off/on ! I 've had the phone for a little over a year , and it 's been treated very well , so I do n't understand the breakdown . Obviously , this is n't universal , but I 've noticed that `` slider '' phones generally break down much faster than flip or candybar phones .
 well i usually love samsungs but im not thoroughly impressed with this one ... nothing too special about this phoneand im afraid its not a very high quality product.i do believe i spent too much on this phone and now im just waiting for my next upgrade .
 This item is n't anything special . It 's just a Nokia Micro-USB charger . The same one that ships with the N97 . Better off getting it from eBay .
 This phone is a cute pink color , but that 's about all it has going for it . It has poor connectivity . The internet speeds are incredibly slow . My fiance had the silver version , but his had raised buttons , whereas the pink 's are flat . It 's much harder to blindly press , since you ca n't feel individual buttons . You basically have to dial with your fingernails . My screen frequently goes blank , but always eventually comes back . The volume at the highest level is poor . You ca n't hear or be heard if there is ANY wind outside.Buy a better phone than this one .
 I attached this to a Treo 650 on the Cingular Network . No additional signal in my home . Save your money .
 This signal enhancer did not seem to to much for us and so I was diappointed . I had hoped it would give just a bit of a boost so we would have a better signal here in rural Missouri .
 The delivery was prompt and without problems . The product just does n't help at all . My office is partially below ground which makes it harder to recieve a signal . There are 20 people who work in this office and everyone else has a phone that works . My UT Starcom Cyclops only gets 1 bar . I put the enhancer in the phone and the signal did not improve at all . Also I wish there were much more detailed instructions on where exactly it should be placed , or a web site that offered better instructions for each phone .
 I bought 5 of these things and had to pay the full shipping for each of them ... the seller could have easily put them in an envelope put two stamps on them and sent them . They dont work at all and the seller didnt send the item as pictured . The seller sent them really fast but im very upset that they dont work at all and that I had to pay shipping on all of them . After about 2 mins of use it became obvious that I waisted my money ... BUT its not sellers fault that his product sucks .
 It is what they advertised . Can say it enhanced my cell signal any . Slow delivery time .
 I ordered this face plate for a 2035a . The text for it clearly says that a keypad is included . Without the key pad , it will not fit the 2035a . With the keypad it would . Even though is says it comes with a key pad , it does n't . I will return it . `` Each faceplate contains a keypad , a power button , a clear plastic lens , and installation instructions . '' This came neither with a keypad nor instructions.This is the first time I 've been disappointed with an item from Amazon . The real blame is on Kyocera . This same item is on their website . It also says that a keypad is included . That one probably also does not come with a keypad .
 When I first got it I could make ringtones and back up my phone fine . As it went through various upgrades its functionality started dropping off . It got to the point it was worthless and I uninstalled it for better software . I 'm glad I removed it and will NEVER use it again .
 The on/off button on the mike rattles audibly . Since that is where the mike is ... it picks it up loudly . It bothered me . Then I had a listener say it was hurting their ears . I obtained a brand new Jabra Earbud and it had the identical problem . I returned it again and have not come back . Jabra 's appear to be nice , but not the earbud with the button near the mike .
 Worked beautifully the first phone call and after that , kaput ! It started shorting out and then would n't work at all -- and I promise I did n't bang it around or do anything out of the ordinary to it .
 I have had the opportunity to try the Jabra unit and several others that were considerably cheaper . The one thing I can not get over with the Jabra is how lousy the sound is compared to that of the JVC TF-HF20 . The Jabra unit sound borders on almost unusable !!! I do like the `` jelly '' insert and the ability to use the earpiece without having to clip on the wire but the speaker is of such a poor quality that it ruins overall sound beyond anything else I have heard . Would definitely not recommend -LRB- unless you like a `` muddy '' sound -RRB- .
 I bought a Jabra for my Nokia 6160 , and found it to be unusable . I could n't hear anything , and my callers could barely hear me . I replaced the Jabra with a Plantronics headset and that worked much better . For my recently purchased Ericsson , I bought the factory earpiece and that works better than the Jabra , as well.In my experience , headsets that have a separate mike and speaker work much better than a one-piece unit such as the Jabra .
 I have a V260 so I got one of these cases and when i put it on my phone it would n't even shut thats how small it was . When i did gett it on I had to pull so hard that the cover for the screen was completely bent and started getting ripped off the leather . The only reason why it got a two star rating was because it helped prevent a few scratches . If you want a good leather cases go to verizonwireless.com and buy one from there .
 I got this phone mainly because it was free . It is completely barebones , which is fine with me since all I really want it for is talking and sending the occasional text message . HOWEVER , the battery is HORRIBLE . I thought it was just my unit , so I exchanged it , but unit # 2 is equally as bad ... I 'm going to have to suck it up and pay for a better phone .
 I really wanted to like this phone . I just wanted a phone that has good call quality and reception . For these reasons , I chose this model as it features trimode . Good speakerphone , slim design ... a basic phone for making calls.The battery , however , is horrible . I charged it overnight , and took it with me to work at 9AM . When I left work at 6PM , despite only making one or two calls , the battery was down to one bar . This is well under the 9.2 days on standby that it is supposedly rated at . I could get the extended battery , but this defeats the purpose of getting a slim , sleek phone.Everything else is great ... design , loud speakerphone , ok camera , solid feel ... but I do n't want a phone that I have to charge everyday .
 It 's a pretty decent little phone , but there have been a few qualities that have bugged me to the point that I 'm now searching for a new phone.-Though it does have an instant messaging service that goes with MSN , AIM , and Yahoo , it only ever allowed me to receive messages ; my friends would never get my responses . -LRB- I only used AIM , though , so maybe it works with the others -RRB- - Battery life is pretty lame , as many have said . It also starts beeping every few minutes once you 're down to about an hour of battery left . The beeping can not be turned off unless the phone is ; even if your phone is silenced . Which means that if you 're in school or a business meeting , there might be some issues , and if you 're a secret agent of any sort do n't even think about it . Plus it 's just annoying.-Other than the instant messaging , it has no access to the internet . I tend to mess with my phone when I 'm bored and there 's just nothing to do with this one . On a similar it 's - too-bad-this-is-missing vein , it does n't shoot video.-My biggest problem was the text messaging . The phone has no memory - it wo n't remember anything you type into it , so if you have a friend with a weird name or just curse on occasion , you 'll have to type it in every time , which while not an issue at first , gets pretty bothersome . I 'm at the point where I 'm avoiding Samsung altogether for fear of it having the same sort of system.-Also , it does n't record when the message was actually sent , just when the phone received it . For instance , if someone sent you one at midnight saying `` Get over here right now ! '' and your phone is off , when you turn it on the message will say it was sent at the time you turned on your phone , which can cause some issues.So I really would n't recommend at all unless you just want something cheap and would only occasionally use it .
 I just wanted a simple cell phone without all the fancy things . This Samsung phone would have been perfect . Small size , cute , sturdy , etc. . But , the battery charge was unpredictable . It would stay charged for only 12-36 hrs , even though I talked on it for about 15-20 mins total . My previous Samsung phone did not have this problem . Verizon replaced the battery , but there was no improvement . Since quite a number of people have made this complaint , I wonder if there is a bad batch of Samsung U340 phones . After a month , I eventually switched over to a different brand .
 As some of the other reviewers pointed out , it is a bare-bones phone ! The one I have now is the second U340 I 've owned -- I returned the other one because it would only hold a charge if I did n't use it ! This second one also will not hold a charge for long if you actually make or receive calls . I 've seriously considered switching back to my previous phone , which at this point is about four years old but was MUCH more reliable plus it has features that this one does n't , namely Get It Now . Overall , I think if you 're contemplating purchasing this phone , I would suggest you do n't !
 My old Samsung finally bit the dust . Since I liked that phone and had no problems with it , I thought I 'd order the new model and would be good to go . The one thing that is frustrating is that just when you get used to how your phone works , and are comfortable and familiar with all the options , it seems the phone breaks and you have to start all over . I received my new U340 and charged it fully that same afternoon . By the next morning , I noticed the battery had already started to lose it 's charge . By that afternoon , it was halfway drained - keep in mind , I had not even used the phone yet at this point . That evening I charged it overnight and set out for the day . Halfway through the day , again I notice the battery indicator is halfway drained . I visited the Verizon store and they replaced the phone . That night , I charged it fully . By the next afternoon the new phone with the new battery was already halfway drained . I travel for work and the last thing I need is to be stuck in some airport with a dead phone . It is unreliable and unpredictable . The battery is awful - if you never make or receive calls , or text , then maybe this phone would work for you . But be prepared for lots of babysitting as you will constantly be looking for an outlet to give yourself an extra charge throughout the day . I ended up getting the LG VX5400 and have zero complaints . The battery is strong -LRB- 41/2 hours talk time -RRB- and the standby is excellent at 16 days . The LG phone is very similar to the Samsung in it 's features so you wo n't spend too much time learning how to use your new phone . Plus it 's also blue tooth compatible -LRB- which the Samsung is n't -RRB- . Go with the LG , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This is not altogether such a bad phone , however , it has its drawbacksAs I have read other people complain , The speaker phone is nearly unusable unless it is deathly quiet around.The battery life didnt bother me , I charged it all night every other night , and I have not once had it die on me or start beeping at me.The keypad wears out easily . My past phones and any phones that my friends have had for quite some time seem to have no problem , but this one refuses to accept my input unless I press deliberately , and forcefully . This is a huge problem when you are attempting to text especially when you consider that you ca n't add words to the memory . You end up typing nonsensical words to your friends which costs you more money , or takes up another text.The picture quality is fair.I have found no way to delete the old crappy wallpapers that come with the phone , which annoyed me , though the stock ring tones are n't as bad as some I have heard.Over-all not a bad phone , you just get what you paid for , so I suggest you pay for the upgrade .
 This phone is fine for a basic phone . I like the size and appearance of the phone . The issue is that I can not make the settings stay set . I have been back to Verizon , and they said it was a software problem , so I left it with them for a couple of hours , while they loaded the latest software , but it still does n't work . I emailed Samsung two days ago , but they have not responded.It 's annoying to set a ringtone and have it reset to another one as soon as I receive a text message.Bad service from both Verizon and Samsung . I much preferred my LG phone .
 While the phone does n't have a bad look for the price they fail to inform you that it has no get it now options which means you can not download ring tones or any applications , not even your phone book if you have it backed up on the computer . All in all my old clunker of a phone has twice as many options as this newer model .
 Sure , it 's free , but there are other free phones with better features and , I 'm confident , better build-quality . I was given this phone by my employer about a year ago.Immediately , I was annoyed that it lacks bluetooth support and it does n't have good reception . It would n't pick up signal even when friends with other Verizon phones did have signal.I started having more serious problems with it a few months later , mainly with the charging connection at the bottom only working intermittently . Finally , a few months ago -LRB- less than a year after getting it brand new -RRB- , the `` OK '' button and the arrows surrounding it stopped working , meaning that you ca n't get to any of the menus.I hated this phone so much that I made sure my new phone was not made by Samsung .
 I have this cell for 3 month and is already broken , the charger connection is weak , even considering that the guy of the store who sold me the phone warned me about that and that I was ver very carefull ... . nothing to do about it , It 's a poor design
 Battery life is weak.Phone is not user friendly , nor is it easily navigable.Ring tones available on phone are few and poor.Battery life is non existent after the phone is a year old . I have had friends who have warned me that the phone simply dies suddenly . I am noticing that the phone can fully charged and does not last more than a day with the following `` activity ''
 I 've returned with it twice to the Verizon store because it does n't hold a charge more than a day or two -- even when turned off . And I only make an average of one or two short calls a day . I own it mainly for emergency use . Both times , they replaced the battery . The second time , a surly manager at Verizon in East Cobb , Ga. , only growled something about a bad batch of batteries . I will go back to the old phone it replaced before I 'll give Verizon the $ 20 they want to replace this piece of junk before my 2-year contract is up .
 everything else is fine . but the battery is just terrible . I fully charged it and it only lasts about 24 hours .
 I have already had it replaced once , and it still does not receive calls . I will be sitting there and then I get a notification that 4 people have called me and left voicemails , but my phone never rang once , or even acknowledged that I had a call . THat means no missed call notifications and no ring . All i get is voicemails . Occasionally it will ring . My last cell phone never had this problem and i live in a decent sized city right around the corner from a verizon store . This is the worst phone i have ever experienced . DO NOT BUY IT .
 The leather case is just too small for the palm . It fits too tight and the bottom slightly covers up bottom of the screen .
 Bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective . This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . Consider yourself warned .
 I put this on my phone after my other phone cover -LRB- silicone -RRB- got a small tear after 3 months of service protecting my phone . The crystal hard case broke within the first day of putting it on . The pins that hold the cover onto the top of the phone have all broken and it is hanging on by a thread -LRB- which will break very soon -RRB- . I would not ever purchase this product again as it has no ability to protect my phone ...
 Do n't buy this product ! The front case does not even fit on my razr ! It is too small !
 did n't work when it arrived . exchanged it with the company and 2nd one did n't work either . was then issued a refund . very frustrating that it didnt ' work - twice , but on the other hand the company was very responsive and good about getting me an exchange / refund .
 Bad quality
 Battery arrived in a thin plastic bag as a mailer . The battery had no bubble wrap . The package did have a `` fragile '' sticker on it . My hope is that an elephant did n't sit on it through the mail process . I thought maybe these guys buy the batteries in bulk and sell them one at a time , but without some kind of impact cushion ? Ok , it 's Christmas . They 're busy . I charged the battery for over a day . Still dead . Are they selling dead batteries ?
 Not durable , broke off clip in a short time . I have had other cases that lasted for over a year , this one only several weeks .
 It worked for two weeks and than sto working . I think they sent me a bad one , do n't think it was Motorola because I love the product . Now I 'm on the search for another white Motorola Bluetooth h500
 Performs so badly , no one could `` hear me now !! '' Uncomfortable too , but I could live with that . ended up ripping the rubber out of the little hole at the bottom hoping folks could hear me but all that did was make the background noise worse . Do n't waste your money .
 Functions well but the ear piece can irritate the inside of your ear . I am a small person and the speaker part keeps drooping down , your ear needs grip , uncomfortable , I figure anything that has to sit on the inside your ear for long periods of time will hurt . Also the charge conductors sits right next to you face , I have oily skin , this causes the conductors to get very greasy and dirty . Operation system is out dated 1.0 , to much power consumtion and no noise canceling . The other person has a hard time understanding you if your outside . The price it defintly not worth it . I bought it at the time when it was considered the smallest bluetooth ear piece on the market . I have the Motorola HS810 , and H350 , very very comfortable and it keeps clean .
 Was happy about the price so I ordered this battery . I believe that when I read the product description that this battery would fit my Motorolla T-720 cell phone . The battery arrived quickly but when I put it into my battery charger , the battery would n't seat . So I tried to put it into my cell phone so that the battery could be charged in the cell phone . To my disappointment and dismay , the battery is just a little too wide to seat in the T-720 . Effort to return item too great for cost of item so will hold onto battery and hope that one day I have a cell phone that uses the battery or a relative that has a cell phone that uses this size battery . Wound up getting a replacement battery from Radio Shack which is probably what I should have done from the start , the price was competitive .
 The only good thing about this headset is that it has a 2.5 connector without needing an adapter . It comes with 3 sizes of strangely shaped rubbery ear piece covers - all of them are way too big to fit in my ear without popping out constantly . The directions say to twist them in to your ear , but they wo n't go into my ear far enough to even twist . It also comes with 2 thin foam covers that you can use instead of the weird rubbery ear piece covers . But the foam covers are so loose that they keep falling off the ear piece . When I try to use the ear piece without any cover , it is scratchy against the skin . The worst part is that the ear piece continually makes a loud click-click-click in my ear as I carry on a conversation . This headset , unfortunately , will be going back .
 Bought this to replace the one I had from verizon . It lasted litterally less than 2 weeks . Get the one from Verizon lasts a lot longer . The one I had lasted 1 year before it broke .
 Would n't waste any money - it broke and I do n't even remember dropping or doing anything out of the ordinary w / this product
 THIS ITEM IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY . THEY BREAK VERY EASY , I WOULD KNOW AFTER GOING THROUGH 2 A MONTH .
 Within the first two days the phone popped out of the clip.The top clip that keeps the phone in place requres very little pressure to release the phone . And the swivel is all over the place . Better buy phone insurance if you rely on this clip because you will either lose the phone or damage the thing from all the sidewalk bounce testing . I was actually impressed by how far the clip was able to launch the phone as I squeezed into the car . Thankfully there was no car in the adjacent parking spot or I would have had to crawl underneath to retrieve it . My LG VX4500 had the most secure clip of all the phones I have ever owned . It is pretty sad when you have to evaluate the holster as one of the features .
 Regardless of the latest trend in dealing with customers , if a company who accepts your money in trade for goods or services does n't have contact # on their site and does n't receive calls or return messages , suspicion is aroused in me . Finding a contact # for EFORCITY was difficult . EVERY `` extension '' was a dead end with an outgoing message stating the obvious . I made the error of purchasing 3 cell phone covers at 99 cents each . Though I knew they 'd not be equal in quality to a $ 20 cover , I thought I might be able to use it on a cell phone . However , the area of plastic covering the phone 's keypad was lumpy and bumpy and would have never fit to lie flat so you could push any buttons . I paid $ 12 in shipping for $ 3 worth of product . I just wanted to return them , but I felt I needed to confirm that I would n't be stuck with the bulk of the bill for shipping ; since I never reached a person , there was no way of trusting that I 'd get a full refund for an unusable product . It was impossible to reach anyone and I did n't get a response until I went through Amazon to make noise .
 When you see the Silicone skin case or even the description of it , you tend to think hard molded plastic . On the contrary , it is actually made of a loose , rubber-like substance . I did not like the way that it fit the device , it slides on and off to easily , also the material that it is made of sticks to the lining of your pocket , so it sometimes makes it difficult to get in and out of your pocket . I wish the product had a smoother tighter construction . In its defense it does match up exactly to all the components of the device it allows you to access the camera the speaker , USB port , all of that .
 Fits like a glove but is that what you really want from this product ? When you 're ready to use your -LRB- very expensive -RRB- smartphone it 's very problematic to slide the screen out - not to mention the cheap feel of the plastic used -LRB- supposed to be silicone ?! Excuse me - it looks like really cheap plastic .
 This hard plastic cover is very easy to install and gives a bit of protection to the phone without being too thick and heavy . Though I agree with the other reviewers here that the pinwheel design and clip is very poor , I feel the fact that the color chips away over a very short period of time is more of a reason to look else wear . The black color on the shell comes off and scratches very easily , and over a period of just a couple of months looks cheap and ugly . Underneath the black coating is a silver metallic cover that makes the scratches very obvious . And it does n't take a while for the scratches to appear . No matter how careful you are this cover will look like hell in just a couple of months . Pass these up ...
 The clip gears for the swivel break easy , make of plastic probably in China ! Why not use some metal people ! And there is no where to find just the replacement clip parts so you 'll need to order an whole new case !
 This was not at all what I expected . The picture is , in my opinion , deceiving . Please be aware that the case is not metallic , that in certain lighting , it appears to gleam .
 I ordered this case for the iPhone 5 in teal , and it 's very pretty . I love the look of it , and it protected my phone but not as much I would 've liked it too . I tried to take it off , and it is EXTREMELY hard to take off , and broke 2 of my REAL nails . I would n't complain if it protected my phone well , but it did not and it 's stuck on my phone . Save the $ 9.15 -LRB- shipping and handling -RRB- and just buy a better case.UPDATE
 Misleading retail price very cheap product . It is worth may be a buck . If you want any level of protection for your iPhone 5 look else where .
 Oh , what a pretty , sparkly iphone case . It 's too bad the quality is so poor . Yes , it is cheap in price , but still , it says it is a protective case . The thin brittle clear plastic sides do not offer any protection for the front of the phone . Maybe I have been spoiled though ... coming from an Otterbox Reflex . Now that is a nice iphone case !
 Ordered this for my white iPhone . While it is very pretty on the phone and looks great , there is NO PROTECTION . The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever . In addition , after a few weeks , the back pebbles began to wear away to nothing leaving a hole of worn down white space in the back of my phone . Not cute .
 It 's totally bulls *** hard plastic case that worthy only $ 0.01 You can never take it off once the phone wearsTried lots of ways carefully to move away and failed , finally it 's broken after I take out the phoneWill NEVER NEVER NEVER spend even 1c to the stuff
 This is a pretty case . That being said , it is to small for the iPhone 4s . Thecase is shorter than the width of the phone . should have returned it .
 I am very displeased with this purchase . I had bought this case for a friend as a gift and it came in the mail today . The case in the picture is not what i received exactly . When my friend tried putting his phone inside you could hear the case stretching and cracking as if it was going to break . It was very light like the others said , will not be purchasing again from this company .
 Terrible quality , product fits nice and looks good , ads a bit of bulk to your phone . I had it on for two days and my phone fell from about 3 feet once and the case broke , one of the narrow sides cracked off and once cracked it can not fit on the phone anymore , will not buy again .
 I like the way the case feels and looks but this is my second one buying now and both of them have split ! Will not be buying another one !!!
 Not only did the case look different when it came , it DOES NOT COME OFF . My sister is currently breaking it off of my phone because there was no other choice - after trying for a good 20 minutes to get it off I handed it over . It breaks SUPER easily . Is n't the point of a case to protect ? Do not invest your money in this case . It might look cute for 1 day until it breaks and then you 'll get even more pissed when it wo n't come off . Not worth it at all .
 Not only did I wait three weeks for this case , but within 2 minutes of attempting to put the case on my iPhone 5 , it broke . I am truly upset . Box wave needs to create a case of quality . THIS WAS A WASTE OF MONEY
 This 3rd party accessory is in expensive so you should probally get it . However after a while , the plastic pins are going to bend and it 's painful to charge . I do n't the problem is with this product but with the plug design . So even if you get the original accessory , it 's problly going to do the same thing again . The fact that you 're shopping for one proves that your original is probally out of whack . So should you get it ? Yes . All i know is that when my phone dies , i 'm switching to another brand because of this ... . but that 's just me .
 The SkinTight cover is cool . Works pretty well with the unit , but the belt clip SUCKS ! It 's big and bulky and locks in over the mute switch on the Treo and it sometimes slides the mute switch over to mute or vise versa .
 I was looking forward to the Speck rubberized cover with some excitement , however I was disappointed . While the cover fits very well it and may work in an industrial environment , after the first day it looks like it 's two years old . If you have an SD card in your Treo forget it -- the belt clip will pop your card daily . And the belt clip itself is an afterthought easily sliding off your belt . Do n't even think about putting the Treo in your pocket as the non-slip cover wo n't begin to slide into your pocket . Finally , the price at $ 32.95 is outrageous for a $ 5 cover . If you 're in an industrial enviroment this may be your cover , but for the rest of us ... keep shopping or buy insurance .
 The skin is a great idea , but it is not practical . It is too thick to work with the Seidio Cradle I have , so I must pull off the skin to sync my Treo . The skin buttons do not always line up with the TREO buttons , so I misfire applications . The holster is a joke as it snaps over top the expansion card slot constantly ejecting the card every time I pull the phone off the holster . Do not place the phone in your pocket with the skin on unless you need to see the inside of your pocket liner as it will not come out cleanly !
 I have owned this item for 2 months and the belt clip came out of the case and I almost lost my phone , now I have to put my belt thru the loops on the case . I wo n't buy another .
 Even though the item was really cheap , it does not fit my phone as advertised . It is too big -LRB- too long -RRB- and my phone slops around in it . If the top get pushed open , the phone can fall out , like when you sit for hours on an airplane . Go to the store any buy one so you know it fits . One size fits all means that it does not fit any very well .
 Great concept
 -LRB- 3 in 1 -RRB- Blueshield protector case for Blackberry 8700 8700c + Car Charger + Travel Charger for Blackberry 8700 8700c 8700g 8703eI bought this for my new 8703e , it does not work with this model . The case does not fit -LRB- too small , wo n't clip together over the phone -RRB- and the chargers do not work with tis model -LRB- cell phone will not charge with either charger , the charge icon blinks on and off continuously without taking a charge -RRB- . I was disappointed with this purchase and was not going to pay more in shipping charges than what I paid for it . I will purchase my equipment directly from RIM now .
 Although I looked for a cable and cd driver for the Pantech C300 , and this item was listed as working for that phone , it turns out that the cd driver is not for this phone , so my son needs to research online and try to find the correct driver in order to use this cable . So far he ca n't download his pictures from his phone and the cable is useless . This is very misleading advertising .
 While this data cable is well-made , it is useless for the Pantech C3B cell phone -LRB- as of this review date -RRB- . The reason ? There is no usable software that comes on the included CD for this cable , and there is NO real software that has yet been created for this particular model of phone . The only software that is available , and that is recommended by some people to use with the Pantech C3B and the above PC USB data cable , is for another Pantech phone entirely , and the software will not work properly -- if at all -- with your C3B .
 yeah it doesnt work for the Pantech C300 . Very misleading because it says `` CD DRIVER for Pantech C300 '' above . Oh well my fault , i shoulve read the other people 's comments > . < Nice fast delivery though
 After finding a new driver -LRB- supplied driver caused `` blue screen error '' and royally screwed up my machine running XP -RRB- and finding software from Pantech for the wrong phone -LRB- because no software EXISTS for the C300 , which kinda makes you wonder how somebody can sell a data cable in good conscience -RRB- I was able to get access to the phone through the `` browser '' feature in the software . None of the other features work . Sync and contacts do not work . The result is that I can manually extract pictures or load sounds via the browser after browsing the heirarchy of directories in the phone.Also , the cable does NOT CHARGE the phone . You will be using up your phone 's battery as you try to get your pictures out , so you 'd better charge up your battery first or be quick about it since you have no way to `` plug in '' the phone when the only jack is being used by the data cable.I would give this product a D + . Requires a lot of extra effort , extra -LRB- incorrect -RRB- software , and has marginal functionality , plus no charging . If you have data in your plan , it 's a lot easier to email yourself your pictures than hassle with this setup . Maybe that 's why this setup is so poor , to force you to keep spending a dime to get your own pictures out of your phone .
 I tried using the headset with a PC -LRB- via a Bluetooth USB adapter -RRB- for Skype . There was a constant background noise -LRB- sounded like high voltage electric wires -RRB- and the other party complained that I sounded as if I was ` talking into a barrel ' . I do not recommend this headset for Skype users .
 Head set not very comfortable . Static most of the times . Very dissappointed .
 this earpiece has very low volume level , and in fact is pretty near worthless unless your in a mortuary . I also bought the H500 and it too is a piece of crap
 I got it for free with a cell phone deal , so I should n't complain . However , for those of you intending to buy it - I would n't if I were you . The sound quality deteriorates as soon as you put even a small obstruction in the way -LRB- like , when you put inside a pocket -RRB- . And in general it feels as if it 's made of cheap materials and unprofessionally . I do n't have any experience with other BlueTooth sets , but I was definitely disappointed with this one .
 This headset is constantly disconnecting and actually crashing -LRB- stops working until it is powered off and back on again -RRB- , and now it refuses to connect to any device at all , merely halting partway through the handshake and locking up the bluetooth stack on whatever device I try to bond it with . I know it 's cheap , but having only worked two months , I got even less than I paid for .
 Recently I was moved to a project where camera phones are not allowed in the work area . I thought I was doing a smart thing when I purchased this bluetooth handsfree . The package mentions 100 meter coverage but it is not more than 20 odd feet I guess . You can use it only if you carry your mobile on you .
 I got the H350 for my wife thinking that the two H505s I 've had were so great that I could n't go wrong , even though it was cheaper . I was wrong . She was telling me that she would answer the phone and there would be no sound and there was nothing you could do to talk to the other person . She kept having this problem periodically and I thought it was just her , so i traded her my 505 for it . I had the same problem . It would work for several calls , then I 'd answer the phone and there would be no sound . It would n't let me transfer the sound to the phone , and if I turned it off , it would still beep when a call came in . The only cure was to turn the headset off , then shut the phone off , and on again . It was somehow taking over control of the phone to the point where i could n't disconnect it . I sent it back to Motorola for a replacement , -LRB- their customer service is excellent by the way -RRB- but the replacement does exactly the same thing . Two different types of phones also , she has a Nokia and I have a Sony Ericsson . It 's just not worth buying for the frustration you 'll get from it . I 've had two 505s and an 850 , and the 505 was the best . There are issues with background noise interference , and I had trouble getting the voice dialing to work except when in a quiet environment , but the 500 series is an excellent and extreemely comfortable piece .
 The first time I talked to a friend , he complained abt echo . And then it happened quite frequently . There were also complaints that most people can not hear my voice . Not just that , I could n't hear what my friends are saying most of the times . This headset is pretty bad and I would n't recommend to anyone .
 Ordered a 350 , got a 500 . Battery life terrible . Pairing and connecting to phone very difficult . Just not happy . Wrote company and never heard back . I have been using this for a couple of weeks and it has not gotten any better . Piece of crap . And still no response from the seller .
 I RECIEVED THIS BLUETOOTH LESS THAN A WEEK AGO . TODAY IT STOP WORKING . IT IS STILL PAIRED WITH MY CELL PHONE BUT IT DOESNT ANSWER NOR DOES IT RING IN MY EAR AND IT IS FULLY CHARGED.I EVEN TRIED RECONNECTING IT . . TO NO AVAIL . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BLUTHTOOTH FROM THIS COMPANY , MORE N LESS WIRELESS . I AM TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED .
 The product is cheap , and you definitely get what you pay for . The volume on my unit was just fine for me . I did receive complaints from the people I was calling saying that they could n't hear me which was a pain . My biggest complaint however is the way it `` wobbles '' on my ear . Since there is no ` inner-ear ' speaker , it 's free to move around if you suddenly turn your head when changing lanes on the freeway or any other quick jerk . This was the biggest problem for me because I used it 80 % of the time on the road , and when I need to change lanes I do n't want to feel like my headset could fall off .
 As far as the performance of this as a Bluetooth device , it is fine . But if you are a full-grown man , or if you just have medium to large-sized ears , this device will flop around on your ear , forcing you to have to hold it in place , thus defeating the hands-free purpose.I read a review a while ago that said something like , `` This headset was so loose , that while driving I went around a curve and just the gravity from that pulled it away from my ear . '' I though this was an exaggeration and bought it anyway because it was on sale locally.It was no exaggeration , it was the truth and I do n't use this device anymore .
 We 've bought two Motorola H350 bluetooth headsets for our Motorola V551 phones . The earclip on the headset did not fit well to the ear . It was very loose . The voice quality from the headset was not very clear . After 10 feet separation from the phone , static noise occurred . Sometimes the headset would not link to the phone . For approximately $ 30.00 this headset is just average in quality .
 I got this unit with my phone and though it looks cool , it just does n't fit right . It constantly `` flops '' off the ear , making it hard to hear , and the loop behind the ear does n't hold it tightly . I have to constantly put my hand up to press it to my ear to hear while driving . I 've since gotten the Samsung WEP 200 , which is TINY , fits in the ear , is very comfortable and has great sound quality .
 I bought this for a Samsung A870.Pros
 I purchased this at the recommendation of the Radio Shack sales clerk who was wearing it and loved it . I brought it home charged it overnight so I could use it in the morning . Now my shift starts at 5:30 am and so there was really no time to test it . Needless to say after 5 hours it quit . I tried recharging it and nothing happened . So I took it back and got another one and plugged it in to charge it and it charged 10 minutes and cut out . Needless to say I will not recommended this product to anyone .
 No matter where I put the headset , the extremely obvious and protruding call answer/disconnect button gets pressed for longer than a few seconds intitiating a redial to the last number called.I 'm returning this headset asap before I accidentally call the wrong person and let some information leak !
 From the first day I received this product I regretted purchasing it because it does not have an ear bud that goes into your ear like most bluetooths . It does not fit right , is not securely in place , if I move my head to the side the whole ear piece moves and dangles there and feels as if it is going to fall off . And the most annoying thing about it is that it keeps on making some sort of beeping musical tone in my ear for no reason . The best part is when I am on a call and for no reason this tone wants to interrupt and cut the other persons conversation off . I was anxious to get this when I ordered it since I am one of those people that talk on the phone and drive alot , but instead I find myself holding my hand from flinging the damn thing out the window . This purchase has definatley been more frustrating then rewarding , I give it one star only because it actually connects to my samsung a900 and even that takes long !
 I bought this thinking I might save some money but when I got it and paired it with my iPhone I could hear the people just fine , the problem was they could n't hear me . I tried everything I read to get this thing to work and finally called Motorola . I guess this is an issue they have with this model , sometimes the voice microphone does n't work . Anyway they are sending me a H300 to replace it . I guess I got what I paid for .
 I do n't like it - I had other motorola bluetooth models in past that were much better . This one takes several steps to link to the phone each time I want to use it -LRB- instead of just being able to press one button on the headset -RRB- . Also there is background noise sometimes . Also , voice activated commands often do n't work .
 The volume on the headset is to quiet , the person on the other line hears more of their own echo than anything , they hear a lot of background noise and you need to yell for anyone to hear you , this headset is trash
 I bought one of these for my wife a few years ago as a Christmas present . When I recently needed a bluetooth headset -LRB- my first -RRB- I asked my wife how she liked it , she said it was OK , and I bought one on sale for very cheap . It paired easily to my new phone and the callers on the other side were clear to me , but the headset created a loud humming noise only audible to the people I was talking to . It made it nearly impossible for them to hear me . Here is what I disliked about it : - the speaker sits on top of your ear and even at the loudest volume , I found it very hard to hear callers on the other end when I was driving-the part that wraps around your ear was very , very uncomfortable on the back side of my ear . I found myself taking it off when I was n't on the phone-the humming that callers could hear made it useless . My wife 's does n't have this problem so I could have gotten a dud , but the comfort would have been enough for me to return it anyway , which I just did .
 This product works pretty well but definitely is n't the most practical in terms of ease of use . I think it is a limitation of BlueTooth in general but it is really a pain to have to hold the button down just the right amount of time to get it to turn on/off , redial , etc. . The earpiece is comfortable but does n't take into account that some of us wear glasses . When I have them on I find it does n't fit behind them and if I turn my head it 's possible the thing will go flying . Also the volume up/down are on opposite sides which is awkward - when trying to use one hand it is hard to not push both up and down at the same time which seems to mute or somehow turn the unit off so I have to drop off calls suddenly . Charge lasts a decent amount of time and the sound and voice dialing are great . It 's decent , and better than holding the phone when driving , but I 'd like to see if newer headsets have improved on any of the features . -LRB- Is there a blue tooth headset that just has an on/off button ?? -RRB-
 This bluetooth is awful . I hear my caller okay , but all my callers hear is loud feedback , and humming in the background . What a waste of money .
 THE HEADSET WILL NOT STAY ATTACHED TO MY HEAD ... LOOKS LIKE I WASTED MY MONEY
 this bluetooth head set is inconsistent . I 'd say a third of the time , people ask me to repeat myself or say I sound like I 'm in a wind tunnel . I never had this problem with the Jabra headset I had -LRB- and sadly lost -RRB- . It can be quite frustrating , but I 'll probably muddle through with it for a year until the technology improves some .
 I bought this item as a gift for my wife to use with her Razor cell phone . It would not stay in place when she tried to wear it . Actually when I tried it on it did n't fit me either . Not adjustable as far as the ear loop goes . So I shipped it back for a refund . Maybe if you have a very large circumference earbase it might stay , but otherwise every time she turned her head it fell off .
 this product is very easy to use but not very clear . You get alot of feedback , it does n't pair with all phones .
 A huge disappointment . Extremely poor sound quality from what I thought was a trusted brand name . Avoid .
 I ended returning the Motorola H350 because of three reasons . 1 -RRB- The fit around the ear was too tight and it hurt . 2 -RRB- I could not hear people or visa versa without shouting - even when the volume was set at the maximum . 3 -RRB- I had to yell at the voice activation feature to have it work.I do not recommend this device . PS I ended with the Plantronics Voyager 510 . I rate that headset as a 5-star . An excellent device .
 At initial use , I quickly noticed that there was a buzzing and static noise when the headset was on and connected to the phone . And the people on the other end could n't hear what I was saying because of static and my speech is distorted and disrupted by static -LRB- similar to a bad reception -RRB- . I then used the recording feature on my phone and spoke into my headset and counted 1 to 10 . Certain numbers could get cut out and you can barely hear my voice.I contacted Motorola and worked with their tech support to reset the headset -LRB- turn it on , charge it for 3 sec with the power adapter , unplug it and its been reset -RRB- . I ended up sending it back to Motorola for a product exchange since there was a 1yr warranty . I 'm still waiting for the replacement ... will edit upon receipt of new headset to see if it was just that one headset or the entire model is like this .
 I bought 2 of these actually . One for my wife which works ok . And one for me , which I got to work initially , but 20 minutes later it disconnected itself and I haven 's been able to get it to work since . Unfortunately , I threw away the box so i do n't think I can return it . I bought the Plantronics 510 which is a little bulkier , but I find it works much better . I guess I 'm out the 30 bucks for the Motorola .
 It 's a bit hard to evaluate because much of it depends on the type of phone and service you have . I have a 1st generation Motorola slvr phone . The H350 connects fine but I sometimes have trouble getting clear reception . Sometimes I have to reset it because the other party ca n't hear me but i can hear them . Also it sometimes just turns off on me , I 'm not sure how or why it does this . In general it 's not the best choice .
 I have a LG CU500 this headset sucks with this phone . I have to answer my phone the same way before I connect the headset . Every time I try to answer with the headset it rejects the call .
 this thing sucks . when i use this thing , the person i 'm calling says my voice is muffled . you can hardly be heard on the other end . you have to pretty much be in a quiet room talking loudly in order to be heard okay . compared to the H700 , this thing makes your voice seem very low . i have compared this model to other motorola headsets . i am currently using the H700 because i can be heard .
 Shipping was fast , I am satisfied with the seller . The product was Junk . After one day the sound was terrible . After one week It was in the garbage because it no longer worked at all . I will never buy another Motorola product .
 Feels like it is falling off the entire time it is worn . Works in a pinch , but not my favorite .
 Falls off way too easy . people have a hard time hearing me . I only use it in the car and only stays on if I never move my head at all . Worth $ 20 ??? Could be $ 5 and a more fair price .
 A basic headset , probably overpriced as originally listed . I received mine as a `` free '' incentive with a phone purchase some time back . Was worth that price!But beware - this headset has inadequate volume with Samsung phones . While it pairs fairly easily , the sound volume is such that it is unusable .
 Although the ear piece was very comfortable the sound quality and noise distortion was less than acceptable . It would be better to spend a little more money and get a better quality head set , one with noise cancelling .
 This Bluetooth device has HORRIBLE sound quality . Everyone that I talk to on it ask me if I am getting in or out of my car because it makes a dinging sound that is audible only from the other party 's phone . I am not happy with this and got it to replace the H500 that I dropped in my driveway . The H500 worked great and people told me that it sounded better than my actual phone . My phone , by-the-way , is a Blackberry 7105T . Maybe it is just the compatibility with my phone , I do n't know .
 Ok , so the bluetooth headset works and is relatively comfortable , easy to use , very good battery life -LRB- for occasional car use -RRB- . Cons
 It seemed to work well for about a week , and then everyone on the other end said they could barely hear me -LRB- although I could hear them just fine -RRB- .
 It fits nicely , but if you move the connector it crackles . Cheap price , cheap product .
 This product is not good quality . When it works , the sound is satisfactory . However , when connected to my LG 150 phone I have trouble positioning the connector so that it will not produce static noise . I do not recommend this product .
 It did n't work from the start . I have an Android and it did n't even fit . Plus if you have a case do n't even bother .
 I bought 3 pairs of these for my wife , mother and I and even though it says they will fit the motorola driod it does n't . I sent them back and sent a email to the seller about getting my money back and have not gotten any response .
 I ca n't even use this product - the sound is way too muffled ! Every single person I 've spoken with has n't been able to hear me . I have had to repeat myself over and over again . Waste of money -LRB- even though it only cost a cent + shipping -RRB- .
 Do not buy this product . Voice volume of the headset was so low and muffled that nobody can hear me . And the seller will not reimburse shipping , which means refund will be only A CENT ! Only after I received it I realized that is the way they prevent return and refund of their poor products . They make money on the 5 bucks so-called shipping fee !
 This headset failed to work after 8 weeks from the date of my purchase . I can not hear a thing , while the person on the line can hear me . Am very disappointed .
 The first one of the two I ordered was OK but a few people said that my voice came through very soft . The mic on the second one came apart on the second use and is not usable .
 voices sound muffled . i use a different hands free headset with the same cell phone and the voices do not sound muffled . i purchased 3 pairs of these and all 3 sound muffled .
 Unfortunately I read a few of the reviews warning not to buy this piece of crap but bought anyway thinking it was an original equipment manufacturer 's version which worked fine but it was n't . Be very aware that this is truly a waste of money no matter how cheap it is . I am constantly told my voice can not be heard but the background noise comes through like ` gangbusters ' . You can hear who you are talking too but they can barely hear you .
 I bought this to use with my Droid Pro and it does n't fit . The ear bud falls right out of the phone . It 's too inexpensive to return , so it will go into the endless pile of useless electronics accessories .
 If you buy this from this seller please note that the item I received was not Motorola but another brand which upon emailing an inquiry to the seller was assured it was identical.The function is OK and equal to one I purchased at the 99 Cent Store the next week for 99 cents to compare.In my opinion , since not Motorola and not any better than a cheap one , buy the cheap one and save the money .
 I purchased this product so that I could get away from constantly holding the cellphone right up to my ear . I have heard alot about radiation from cell phones so I ordered this product to somewhat lessen the amount of radiation . The day I received it , it had so much static . You would only be able to hear the other party on the phone in bits and pieces . This product was quite inexpensive but It definitely was n't worth any amount of money . You get what you pay for . Lesson learned .
 Like others have commented , this is not a Motorola product ... its a Nextel . I bought this product multiple times in the past and received a very good performing Motorola headset . When this one arrived I was disappointed to see they changed the product and failed to update the title or description . The Nextel is an o.k headset , but not nearly as good as my old Motorola 's .
 The headsets were not expensive but they did not work.The earphones were not clear and the mic had static to the extent that the other party heard loud distortion and echo.I purchased 3 and the same defects were in each device .
 When using this headset your voice sounds low and muffled on the other side . Seems to be like a poor microphone quality .
 While the headset works , the earpiece does not stay in well . I bought a similar headseat with longer rubber earpiece for the same price . Perhaps it 's just my ear shape , but I 'd say go with another model ...
 This was bought from BTO . It 's not Motorola as described . There is a lot of static noise which pretty much renders it unusable . It 's a waste of money .
 This wire did n't work out for me . It did n't stay connected to my phone well and people had a hard time hearing me when I used it . I 'm buy another wire for a higher price , but hopefully it will work better .
 After having this phone for the past year or so , I will never buy a Nextel phone again . The phone does n't hold a charge , and will hardly charge up even after buying ~ 5 different chargers and several batteries . The phone barely works in my apartment -LRB- and only right next to the window with the window open -RRB- , and not at all where I work or attend classes . I have heard countless complaints from people who have tried to call me and they receive a message the phone is not in service and/or the service has been discontinued . When it does work , it will occasionally turn itself on and off repeatedly and changes from ring to vibrate mode by itself .
 I have a business acount with 8 lines.Three of my phones are the i530s . I have had nothing but problems with these phones . I have had one repaired three times . Each time I went to repair it I had to be on a waiting list because of the high level of repairs needed for this model . I would get it repaired only to have to do it again a few weeks later . Now I am having problems with another two of my phones with no reception and battery not charging . I keep spending the $ 35 charge for swapping them . And nextel customer service is a joke . They will not admit these phones are pieces of crap . When I call I wait for an eternity througha million automated systems before finaly reaching a person only to be transferred to someone else only to be disconnected before I reach them .
 I have had three of these during my two year contract , I am trying to baby the last one enough until the end of the two years . Each has had the problem of powering down and re-booting without warning . The are billed as `` Mil-spec '' this or that , but unless you keep it inside a purse , get ready for many trips to the Sprint store . Motorola used to be THE name in communications , but after this and my friend 's problems with the Razr 's , I 'm headed to Nokia .
 Stay away from this phone . The 2 last phones stopped charging and are not able to be repaired . Picking up my last i530 . If this one goes , Im canceling my Nextel service which includes 4 total phones on company account and looking for a new carrier . I 've had it ! Nextel and Motorola ca n't figure out that this phone is JUNK !
 My problems with nextel did not stop when I canceled my service . I will get to the problems with the service . When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired , I of course wanted to keep my number . So as I went to get my Cingular phone -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- , I had the old number switched to my new number . Today , I get in the mail my nextel statement for the month with a $ 200 early termination even though I had not canceled my service , but had simply got a new phone and switched my number over . This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel . In my town , not a small town by any means , there are very few places that have any service . In the largest subdivision , you can not get service anywhere . I constantly get comments from people trying to reach me that get the classic nextel line ... Please hold while the nextel subscriber you are trying to reach is located . Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls , calls would go straight to my voice mail . Not only would I not get the calls , but often I would not even get the voice mails until days or even weeks later . When I did actually take calls -LRB- and call out -RRB- , I can not count the number of times I 've had my call dropped . I recieved so many different error messages sometimes I wonder if they just spend all their time at nextel thinking of different error messages to program into their phones . That brings me to the selling point of nextel , the famed and well-loved direct connect feature . This is an absolute joke . Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it . Even then , in the middle of the conversation I would be greeted by the loud beep of my phone telling me I wont be talking to that person anymore . Of course , I would expect nothing less from the nextel network . Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible . If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message , it took days , or maybe did n't even come at all . The internet access was fine , it the rare instance that it worked . Of course , when you do n't have service , you do n't get the internet access either . I was constantly getting the message `` network not available '' . Calling and trying to complain to nextel is futile . Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing . My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel . Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Nextel coverage area is horrible - at least in Northern Virginia / D.C. area . I get `` no service '' error messages on my cell phone several times a day even though I 'm in Fairfax County . My phone wo n't work inside the house most of the time and forget about using it inside stores or restaurants . I hear the same complaints from other Nextel users . I bought Nextel for the Push-to-Talk feature but that 's garbage too . Go with Verizon - coverage is much better and service is cheaper .
 I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day , even when the phone was turned off . The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem . After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center , they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable `` due to customer abuse . '' I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage -LRB- unless using it to make phone calls counts as `` customer abuse '' -RRB- , but got the same comment , without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation . It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty . You 'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works . After that , you 're on your own .
 My office has numerous i530 phones that came with our contract . No person in our office has ever commented on how much they like this phone or its performance . Battery life is terrible out of the box , the interface is clunky , and our personal phones with half the bulk have at least twice the overall performance . If everything else in your life is perfect then this phone is for you -- it will give you SOMETHING to complain about . For the rest of us consider other models or other manufactures to work with your Nextel/Sprint network contract .
 I purchased this and it did not work when it arrived in the mail . Subsequent contacts have been ignored . This vendor should be on e-bay , not a reputable site .
 This charger works fine , but it is a travel charger and is very flimsy . You have to be very careful when pulling it out of the outlet or it will come apart . I have n't had it very long so I can not address how long it will hold up.Ok , it is now early April and when I pulled the charger plug out of the socket -LRB- being very careful to hold the whole thing together -RRB- one of the prongs stayed in the wall socket . My husband had to use a plastic tool to get it out . Now it does n't work at all and I have to purchase another one .
 Okay , this is chinese stuff . Duh ! Low quality . Well when I put the thing inside my phone it did n't work and tried to move it left right and back in the socket . . still did n't work . Maybe the seller sent me defective item . WIll rate him bad also !
 I have the Palm Treo 700wx . The mini SD card that comes with this unit is put into an adapter , then inserted in the phone . The card sticks up above the phone 's case , so it gets bumped on occasion . More often than not this dislodges it , and of course when you reinsert it , you go through the whole recognition thing again -- GPS and The Windows Media detector -LRB- which I do n't use and ca n't uninstall -RRB- . Most problematic is Bluetooth - I want to use this thing in my car , right ? I want to use both the phone and the GPS , and yes , this may be at the same time . They -LRB- Palm -RRB- say this ca n't be done . It can , and works rather well - but then the next morning it requires a soft reset to get the phone to recognize the GPS . -LRB- So Palm is right after all : -RRB- Other than reinserting the SD card and soft resets , the unit works well . Other issues are the small screen -LRB- on the Treo 700wx -RRB- for a GPS , and the aggravating Tom Tom software which I do n't like much . For example , upon exit , it notifies you that the SD card is write protected and it will not be able to save your preferences . The guy at Palm said `` Oh , yeah , that 's no problem ... there are no preferences to be saved . '' So did it occur to you guys to clean up the software for the Palm product line ??? I knew this would n't be as good as the Garmin unit that wanted to get out of my car so badly it burst through the window one evening , but I figured that a GPS in my phone would n't get left in the car . Not worth it.I want to drive , use a GPS , and talk on a hands-free phone all at the same time , and not fumble with a bunch of buttons to do it . I ordered the Garmin Nuvi 660 , which looks like it will do all of this , with a nice bright screen and better user interface . Plus I 'll only have the one unit -LRB- and not a separate hands-free speaker device -RRB- . PCUniverse -LRB- where I bought the Palm GPS -RRB- said this morning that they will let me know in five to seven days about the status of my return request . If they do n't let me return it , look for it on Craig 's List at a deep discount . : -RRB- Garmin Nuvi 660 Pocket Vehicle GPS Navigator and Personal Travel Assistant
 Pls dont buy any thing from Amazon again . . They may sell u a Tuxedo if u r in a need of UnderWear . . They wrongly catagorize the products and fake the customers . . They have just one policy `` FAKE IT AND SELL IT `` and the worst customer service . . Not dynamic at all . . It seems u will be getting a response from Robot !
 This thing is extremely fragile . It broke down the seam a month after I purchased it .
 This product works well with my bluetooth headset , but works only intermittently with my 8525 . Most often when I plug it into my phone , the phone lights up as though it knows it 's plugged in , but it does n't charge . I think the charger is not delivering the right amount of current to the phone , but must be for the headset.I bought two of these , so I know it was n't just one that 's a fluke . And I know it 's not the phone , because every other USB-plug charger I use works like a champ . I guess for a penny I ca n't really complain . It 's just frustrating because even the one from the AT&T ; store was junk too , and that one cost $ 30 !
 My husband lost his car charger so I ordered him this one . It takes FOREVER to charge his phone . I would n't recommend it .
 There are several minor cosmetic differences between the LG CU400 belt clip holster pictured in this Amazon product listing and the one I ordered and received from Amazon marketplace seller AccessoryOne - the most significant difference being that the shape of the loop on the belt clip -LRB- the part that fastens to my belt -RRB- is `` V '' shaped on the product I received , rather than `` U '' shaped as in the product pictured.My LG CU400 snaps firmly into the holster and has not accidentally come loose from the holster during the one week I have been using it . In fact , the phone attaches so firmly to the holster , that I sometimes need to use two hands to pry it loose . Also , the holster has not accidentally come loose from my belt , notwithstanding the `` V '' shaped belt clip design.My only problem with this holster is that the phone can be flipped open while it is seated in the holster . The OEM holster I purchased from AT&T ; over two years ago -LRB- and which recently broke -RRB- did not permit the phone to open while it was seated in the holster . Some people may prefer a holster that permits the phone to flip open while in the holster , but I prefer the OEM design because the phone can not flip open if the holster is inadvertently brushed against another object . Thus far , I have not any accidental `` flip opens '' with my new belt clip.This holster seems to be a product of decent quality at a very reasonable price.UPDATE
 The battery that was sent to me was the wrong size . I returned the item on Jan 15 , 2007 and have yet to receive a replacement or a refund . I will not do business with this company again .
 File under
 Well , these are not the bargain I 'd hoped . In this price range , this is what you get : Okay , but nothing special sound ; Fairly cheap plastic and construction , which means the fibers are less sturdy ; and usually no button on the spool to rewind the cord , which means you 're pulling on poor-quality plastic repeatedly.Still , if you want to leave your good headphones at home , I suppose these are okay . It 's not like you 'll miss them .
 this product is cheap for the price but it broke after a week . i would n't recommend buying this at all .
 I was told this piece of equipment was iphone compatible which was baloney . I returned it and they sent me a fosmon desktop cradle which was supposed to have attached speakers . Not only was it not iphone compatible , it did not have speakers and the charged me $ 11.00 more . Needless to say my daughter did not get her Christmas gift . I wrote them again telling them about the problem and told them I wanted to return this and get my money back and SFplanet never responded . Since they choose to ignore me I will have to get in touch with the better business bureau since a month has passed and I 've not heard a word . I do n't recommend anyone do business with these people and I do n't think Amazon.com should either .
 Description states that this unit is powered via cigarette lighter . This is not true . The unit needs to be connected directly to the fuse box -LRB- professional installation -RRB- .
 No phone jack hole ? Also , be careful with most of these inexpensive quick to market products . These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet . Thus , the iPhone is unable to determine proper lighting conditions . I.e. , daytime , evening .
 it looked cheap - see through - transparent - and wouldnt protect a phone - after all isnt that the idea ? to protect the phone?would never have purchased this if i saw it first
 This cover is so thin , it provides little or no impact protection . It fits ok , but there is always a gap on the front at the top and bottom of the screen . The cut-outs are generally in the correct place , but there is no cut-out for the headphone jack . The iPhone will not sit on the dock when in the case.On the plus side , it 's cute and slim and will definitely keep the body of the iPhone from getting scratched up . It provides a nice , tacky rubber body for you to hold on to when you 're using the iPhone.Overall , though , it is not worth the price once you add the shipping -LRB- I paid $ 6.99 for the case and $ 6.52 for shipping -RRB- . This item should be priced at $ 4.99 with no more than $ 2 for shipping -LRB- it weighs about as much as a quarter -RRB- .
 A receptacle slash magnet for all kinds of dust , hair and debris . You will be shocked at the collection of dust particles on the inside of this case . I have no idea why it attracts so much dust . This problem could possibly be exclusive to the BLACK version of the case .
 This case actually ruined the back of my phone . As well , the screen and M logo do n't line up with the casing . The case does n't allow the phone to be opened easily , you have to use both hands to yank it open . The back part of the casing will damage the battery cover of your phone , as it damaged mine . The battery cover now curves away from the phone . If you love your phone , do NOT buy this case .
 For the money , it 's a fair buy . The case itself fits nicely and snug to the phone , making it much easier to fit into a pocket and still have protection . The clip , however , makes the phone stick out ridiculously far from your body when using it . For this reason , I wo n't use this case . Also , the clip I received was clear , not black as pictured .
 No phone jack hole ? Also , be careful with most of these inexpensive quick to market products . These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet . Thus , the iPhone is unable to determine proper lighting conditions . I.e. , daytime , evening .
 it looked cheap - see through - transparent - and wouldnt protect a phone - after all isnt that the idea ? to protect the phone?would never have purchased this if i saw it first
 This cover is so thin , it provides little or no impact protection . It fits ok , but there is always a gap on the front at the top and bottom of the screen . The cut-outs are generally in the correct place , but there is no cut-out for the headphone jack . The iPhone will not sit on the dock when in the case.On the plus side , it 's cute and slim and will definitely keep the body of the iPhone from getting scratched up . It provides a nice , tacky rubber body for you to hold on to when you 're using the iPhone.Overall , though , it is not worth the price once you add the shipping -LRB- I paid $ 6.99 for the case and $ 6.52 for shipping -RRB- . This item should be priced at $ 4.99 with no more than $ 2 for shipping -LRB- it weighs about as much as a quarter -RRB- .
 A receptacle slash magnet for all kinds of dust , hair and debris . You will be shocked at the collection of dust particles on the inside of this case . I have no idea why it attracts so much dust . This problem could possibly be exclusive to the BLACK version of the case .
 After looking around for a credit card case for my iphone 4 , i ended up purchasing this one . For the price i expected a high end product.Unfortunately what i got in the end was a cheap knockoff of the case-mate version.After 2 months use , the color is wearing off -LRB- i got the black one , and red plastic is showing -RRB- , and the cards are now loose -LRB- i only use 2 -RRB- . additionally the case is warped so that it is not snug at the top end of the case.After complaining to boxwave , they sent a new one , and it was just as bad.To be frank , this case is probably the 1 $ case from ebay , in a 20 something $ box , with boxwave 's logo on it.If it had cost me a few bucks i would be happy with it , but for the price i paid , i feel cheated.Mark
 This battery was received on time and in a good condition but it did not fit my phone properly nor did it or is it keeping charge . On a full charge I probably get 30 minutes cell phone use . I am therefore not too pleased about this .
 THIS DEVISE WAS DEFECTIVE . IT GOT VERY HOT WHEN PLUGGED IN TO LIGHTER . I was lucky to discover this problem before there was a fire . I threw it away !! I just can not take a chance on a product that fails in this manner.A three dollar item just about took out my fifty thousand dollar navigator !! I went to fry 's ! Becare with these low cost devices that may stay plugged inwhile you are not in your vehicle ... do risk a fire !
 The product was defective -LRB- cracked -RRB- and almost burned my car 's lighter.Now I understand the $ 0.01 price + $ 4.99 shipping expense.Isn ' t this seller making their money from the shipping expenses !!! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER . AMAZON SHOULD BAN THIS SELLER FROM ITS WEBPAGE !
 It 's cheap so I did not expect miracles for my money . But its cord is way to short for my car and it started to split apart so I had to tape it back together . I 'm still using it so I ca n't totally condemn it , but it sure is not the charger of your dreams . On the other hand , it 's not the charger of your nightmares either . Just an altogether mediocre cheap piece of junque .
 The charger blew uses in my car . As the cost was so low , I did n't bother to complain or return the unit .
 It did work for 3 days.Day 4 the fuse of my car went off.I changed the fuse and re-connected the charger and it blew the fuse off.I know for a fact that is the charger , because I do connect a GPs and I do not have this problem .
 I bought this for my brand new Palm Treo 700WX . It gets heated up quickly & the mobile automatically disconnects it complaining about the heat this charger generates.I could n't use it . Donno if its due to the incompatibility with 700wx or just the piece that i bought .
 after fully charging it lasted about 5 hours in the phone before going dead . Pretty poor life . I 'll be sending it back as we already have 2 poor batteries .
 this batt - do n't buy dose n't last only about 1 hr tops not worth money , dont waste the time i sent one back and got 1 more it was the same bad
 This replacement battery does not hold a charge as well as any of the original batteries that were branded . They work but hold a charge for less time
 The cable caused errors on my phone so I called customer service - they acted like I was an idiot and could n't follow their instructions to use the cable . I would avoid this like the plague .
 Not what I expected , looked cheap , plastic . But it serves its purpose
 it doesn-t fit in my phone even though this is supposedly the battery for Siemens A70 ... frustrating !
 this case was incredible for the first 2 weeks i had it . it soon started to deteriorate without droppign ocne or anything . terrible quality . starts off great but soon bombs .
 The T series ... are ok , but I returned them because they were n't much better than the included one that comes with the t415 and t615 . It did n't seem worth the price to me ... I really would n't recommend these to anyone . Try to make do with the original stylus until better ones are out
 its says its for v3m motorola but it doesnt list a v3m anywhere for you to select from the list of phones , so i cant import my own music only gives me samples , even with the updates . i dont understand why not , i guess i 'll try again for the fourth time .
 Software would not recognize my V3m . Disk that I received was different . It was black and did not have the Motorola logo on it . I contacted software company on internet and was informed that this was not a licensed copy of the software and they would not be able to help me.It may work for other phones , but it will not work on the Razr V3m.The battery and cable work fine , but I bought it for the software .
 It was difficult for me to determine what stylus to buy . This one did not fit my Clie . Nothing wrong with the product , just not what I needed .
 Tis was a good product only for the first week + . Then your clip function will start to break down because of te weakplastic cogs in the back . It is garbage and not worth the effort to buy.Do yourself a favor and get something authentic .
 When inserting this Lenmar battery into my Sony Ericsson Z500A phone and following package instructions by plugging in the AC charger , no charging occurs ; I replaced it with my original factory battery , plugged in the AC charger , and it started charging , so there 's something wrong with the Lenmar battery that I received . Although the package says it is compatible with my phone and replaces the BST-35 battery that came with my phone , I noticed that it is 3.7 v while my phone 's factory battery is 3.8 v ; I do n't know if that 's why the battery does n't work . Back it goes to Amazon for a refund .
 It does not fit very well . You have to gingerly place your phone otherwise the charger just slips out . i tried it on several phones . it works , but not well . It also charges much slower than the brand name version .
 I ordered 2 of them . I got them very quickly . The both do not light up or charge when plugged in . . complete waste of money .
 I bought this to use with my cell phone batteries , but it broke before I could use it . I now just charge a battery every night in the phone and before I take off for the day , I just switch to the next battery , so I always have 2 fully charged spares with me .
 1 . play the slice the charger first to aim at the plus or minus pole of battery good battery of cover .2 . press the `` test '' the key , `` confirm '' the bright elucidation of light is normal to refresh . If the `` confirm '' the light is not bright , press the `` the conversin '' the key convert the power supply 's pole , then normal refresh .3 . normal refresh , refresh the light flicker ; battery saturation hour . The saturated light is all and bright , and refresh the light to put out . Refresh time general for four hours , add result of an a 1 - 2 more good .4 . this charger can circumscribe link the line , direct opponent machine to refresh . Can refresh the pond with the charger cellular phone at the same time.If per chance the above directions make no sense , you might want to reconsider this purchase . Note
 I bought it a week ago . when I received it there is no instruction in English at all . ALL THE WORDS ARE CHINESE !! And IT WORKS ONLY TWO TIMES . The third time it does n't work at all . I ca n't believe it already broken in just one week !!!
 Well the only reason I give this one star is because I know it 's got to work But There 's no direction in the box . And if the directions are on the box I ca n't read them . BECAUSE THERE IN CHINESE !!!! SO IT JUST SITS HERE!Is there any English directions Or do I need to press 1 .
 I didn ' y receive an instruction book with the product , I was told it would charge a V3 battery but I ca n't get it to work . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this for my Mom for Mothers Day . She had just gotten this phone and I wanted to get some accessories for it . When she tried to put the phone on it , it would not fit . The phone does not fit in the slot . So she can not use it and I have to return it .
 i am using this phone in India - not on Verizon - but could not find anywhere else to review this , and I feel so strongly about this that i had to write a review.I was earlier using the Palm IIIC , and was very happy with it . Hence , when the Treo 600 came out , I was very keen to buy this . I believe than the Palm OS is the best Handheld OS and did a lot of research before making by decision . Reading the great reviews that the phone got convinced me and I bought it . Since then I have had major problems with the phone.Phone : One day , the ear piece just stopped working . When I make a call , the called person can hear me , but I can not hear them . When I switch to speaker phone or hands free , then I can here them.I checked with someone else who also bought the phone , and he is having the same problem.I wrote to Palm Support , who wrote back to me asking me to do a hard reset on it - which I did but it did not correct the problem.I wrote to you again , and was told to send the phone to USA , as there was no service center here.I found someone who could repair it here - so got that done . Subsequently , the phone started acting up again . When the battery goes below half , there is some disturbance that starts coming on the phone , more on the other side , but also on mine . Also , the call gets disconnected often while on a call . The phone hangs often , while answering a call , switching from one call to another , and even when disconnecting a call . The screen freezes , and there is nothing I can do , except a soft reset , which I need to do more than 10 times everyday . Sometimes , the phone goes off on its own while on a call and restarts . I have tried multiple hard resets , and everything I can think of.By this time , the phone was available in India , so I called their National Distributor , but was told that since I had not bought the phone from them , they could not repair it , even if I was willing to pay for the repair . That did not make any sense to me - after all it is their product . Anyway , they gave me the no of a firm who could repair the phone , so I contacted them.When I started explaining the problem to them , they knew exactly what I was talking about - because according to them , there was a problem in the communication card , which was across the board . They told me that they could change the card and it would cost over $ 100 . I went ahead and got it repaired - and for some time it worked fine , but after 3-4 months , it has started giving me the same problem again.Now I really do n't know what to do , as to keep spending money on a product with inherent manufacturing defects does not make sense.I think this is a great product , in terms of design , software etc - but obviously only if it works . I believe I have bought a lemon , just did not expect a company like Palm to first make a product that does n't work , and then not take responsibility and replace the defective part/parts when they are aware of the problem .
 Verizonwireless was the last carrier to release the treo 600 ... and lo and behold , it IS EXACTLY LIKE ALL THE OTHER CARRIERS TREO 600 'S !!! The biggest mystery besides NO bluetooth or Wi-fi . The issues with downloading costs . Is this , no one at verizon knows anything about this phone . Best of all , this phone has no voice dial . In a time when the government is trying to stop the use of cell phones in cars , these guys come out with a phone that is impossible to dial unless you are focusing on it . Of course they have phones for $ 9.99 that have voice dial , but not this overated Treo . I have just found a 3rd party software company that for $ 19.95 sells a voice mail download , but you need to hold the phone directly in front of your face and you still are not certain to get the right person . The company is Grover Industries , and they are trying . More than I can or will say for verizon . No Graffiti . Anyone who likes this phone either has a chauffer or uses it to play games or look like a geek . As a business person , this phone is an expensive piece of junk . Again , the worst issue is this , call verizon and ask them if they have ever used , held or seen a Treo up close , and the answer is always NO . Forget this phone . Save your money . And if you are determined to buy it , make sure that you mark the day on your calendar because you have only 15 days in which to return it . Also , pay the extra for insurance . In the first 4 weeks mine was replaced 3 times for different defects . Good Luck .
 Well , as an early adapter , I guess I should be used to taking it hard . I bought Verizon 's PalmOne Treo 600 the first day it came out - over a year after most other carriers released it . My plan is 400 anytime minutes , unlimited in-network calling , unlimited nights and weekend , and $ 5 for Internet access a month . Unless I go over , it should cost me $ 49.95 a month . I just got my first bill . $ 1,641.66 . It turns out that the connection to the Internet does n't shut off - even if you chose `` Disconnect '' from the web browser 's menu . Even if you turn off the unit . It continues to ping the Internet looking for data every six minutes . Hence my bill show some 1023-minute calls.Steve in Verizon 's data division said they 've received a lot of calls on this issue and is n't sure why they even offer the $ 5 web-only feature , when customers need to get the $ 49.95 / month unlimited data transfer or deal with $ 1,000-plus monthly bills . When I asked if there was a way to stop the pinging every six minutes , I was told no , `` it 's a data phone first and a cell phone second . `` Interesting , as my friends who have the phone with other carriers have never had this problem . Interesting , as I was never told this when I bought it . All I wanted was a freakin ' cell/PDA combo , so I do n't have to carry both with me , making me look like I 'm sporting a chubby in two pockets at once . With Verizon , the cost for doing so is $ 44.95 plus your calling plan a month , which for me will come to about $ 100 . After 58 minutes , I was told my bill should be adjusted within 24 to 48 hours.Also , on Verizon Wireless 's PalmOne Treo 600 Smartphone web page it lists a 5 MB transfer for only $ 24.95 . When I asked the technical rep about that option , he said getting it would still cause a Treo 600 owner 's bill to be over $ 1,000 a month . He said it was up there for use with other phones . He had no answer when I said there are no other phones on that page.Now , I probably could return the Treo 600 - except I already sold my old phone and Palm on eBay.Of course , if I could just get a free minute for every time I heard `` Oh , that 's the new phone . I 'm not familiar with it '' none of this would be an issue.Buy the phone from a differnt carrier and do n't deal with the problems I had with Verizon Wireless . The phone is great !
 Neither Verizon nor PalmOne provide any credible support for the features that are supposed to make this phone so useful . The audio output of the device is unstable . After performing several hard resets per Verizon 's instructions and performing the painful task of reloading my address book , the audio jack works for a short period of time and then crashes again . Verizon provided a free rebate for Normsoft 's Ptunes program and implicitly recommended this application , but ultimately , they deny any responsibility for the correct functioning of this application , and blame Normsoft . Here 's Normsoft 's reply from their technical support . `` The issue with the output jack sounds more like a hardware issue . There is nothing Pocket Tunes does that controls the output jack . '' I recommend giving this product a pass and going with Samsung or Blackberry , who have developed a reputation for high product quality .
 I recently purchased this phone and everything was working fine . The phone was then accidentally dropped from less than one foot and the screen has gone black through the middle . If you do purchase this phone , be sure to buy the extra equipment protection with it as the screen can not handle any pressure other than from the stylus or fingernail . Good luck .
 I purchased a PalmOne Treo 600 from VerizonWireless in Sept. 2004 , content that I could finally `` converge '' my PDA and cell phone into a single device . WHAT A TERRIBLE MISTAKE THAT WAS!Soon after my purchase but unfortunately after the 15-day return period , I found the Treo 600 to shut itself off randomly , often in the middle of phone calls . I brought the phone back to the store and was told that I needed to contact the Verizon tech folks about my problem . The Verizon tech support team sent me one replacement phone after another but they all had the same problem . Finally it was determined that there is a software bug in the SMS application which causes a hardware failure for the device . An Verizon network engineer informed me that there is nothing they can do until a software patch is released . I am now on my sixth replacement phone and I still ca n't use this LEMON . Save yourself some headaches and buy something else .
 Love the PDA features , but the phone is awful . If battery is not fully charged it can not make calls . With a full signal and battery it drops calls or will not force its way on to Verizon 's network . Ringer volume is fine but vibrate mode is weak . I teach and can not always answer the phone ... I 'm going back to Verizon to see if I can upgrade or change over . Maybe the 700 is better .
 I bought the phone in May and have had numerous problems ever since . -LRB- 1 -RRB- I can not synch my address book ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- I have to constantly add contacts to my address book because I keep losing them -LRB- making problem number one all the more painful -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- The phone drops calls daily , despite the fact that I am calling someone 's land line from a stationary position ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- I can not release my auto lock if I stop using the phone for 30 seconds ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- I have stripes instead of solid color and -LRB- 6 -RRB- Verizon Wireless customer service offers the worst service I have ever encountered - they are rude and barely speak English .
 The headset is sleek . However the sound clarity is not that good . I guess the impedence of the headphones is slightly high .
 I 'm not sure what reason it is but this has not worked well since day one with my phone . Maybe its because I have an LG enV and it is n't compatible or whatnot but the microphone is horrible . The clarity of the ` phones is great but the microphone just does n't work well at all . Every time I use this thing in the car people just ca n't hear me . I have to hold the mic up to my mouth just so that people can hear my voice , but even then all my friends tell me that the sound quality they hear is horrible . I would 've thought thata gold tipped WIRED headset would be good clarity on the receiving end but this just is n't the case .
 This cell phone has numerous issues . Sometimes it wo n't shut off and it takes forever for the buttons to respond . I have received warranty replacement and it still does the same thing . Also , the reception is lousy and calls get dropped .
 The product shown is NOT what you will receive . What is shown is a photoshop ` ed OEM charger . The charger you will receive is a CHEAP fake that does n't even look like the product you will receive !!! What a rip off !!!! These are not ORIGINAL nor are these OEM Motorola ! I was not told to expect something different . Even the part number on the packaging is different!Turn and run from this listing !
 the jabra 250 fits the ear very poorly . . I had to hold it to my ear just to get it to stay and that defeats the purpose of the thing . . needless to say I only used it once and then returned it . . I found out later that I was suppose to receive 3 gels pieces with the thing when I bought it and they only included one and it was the smallest in the set and that probably had a lot to do with why it did not fit ... needless to say I was still not impressed with it 's design . .
 This vendor was not cooperative . They sent this item and it appears , according to the vendor , this was the last item like this they had in stock . I believe they were trying to unload a broken item and possibly knew it 's condition when the sent it .
 When I recieved the bluetooth , it was defective . It wouldnt charge at all ! Waste of money .
 Well it did n't last very long.It got to where it could n't find my phone and would n't pair at all.The earpiece made my ear sore.It was a waste of money
 Excited to finally be able to use the RAZR again with a new battery . However , the battery only lasted a couple hours . Regret spending some extra money on this brand instead of the actual Motorola one -LRB- even though I 'm sure they have similar battery lives -RRB- .
 The Lenmar cell battery lasted two weeks then it stopped recharging . the battery just gave up . It was a waste of money
 Purchased this item even though it was more expensive than some others offered because it said it was specifically for the Motorazr v3m , which I own ... can not get it to work at all , every time I have tried I get an `` invalid battery '' message on my phone .
 This battery was great for about 2 months , then the phone gave me an ` invalid battery ' message & stopped charging . Now , my phone is dead ! I will now start the process for my money back .
 I purchased this for ` future ' use , as my original battery was starting to lose charge life . Shame on me for not checking the packaging when I received the part in the mail . I trusted amazon and simply stored the package until I needed it , waiting for my original to get bad enough that I did n't trust it any longer . That day came and I opened my package to find that the battery blister packaging was sliced cleanly with a razor around three sides . The battery I received is junk , the charge lasts a day or two at best . I ca n't return it because it has gone beyond the return date of when I purchased it by two weeks.Like I said , shame on me for trusting amazon to actually check packaging before shipping it . This could be one that was returned by another customer . Either because they received a DOA battery , or because they were scamming amazon for multiple batteries on one purchase . No way for me to find out which . Shame on amazon for NOT checking items returned by other customers for this sort of thing , OR for sending returned faulty items back out to new customers intentionally . And if it was n't previously returned , shame on amazon for not checking the items they receive from their supplier before shipping them to customers.Either way , I got a junk battery that I ca n't return .
 I was disappointed in this battery . It is more expensive than many other ones shown on the Amazon website for RZAR phones , however , it does not hold a charge very long . It lasts less than one day . I have paid $ 3.00 for a Motorola battery that lasts longer . I have depleted and recharged it several times with no improvement .
 This company says this battery is compatible with the Razr V3M . IT IS NOT !!!!! Pain in the ass company . Like Amazon not the company that supplies these batteries !
 I was expecting a bit more from Boxwave , but this case turned out to be just a very cheap piece of plastic . It cracked in about 3 weeks ; it was never dropped or absorbed any impacts . I took the phone out of the case once and put it back in ; this was the only thing I can see possibly putting any stress on the case . I wanted a case for a little bit of extra protection , and to provide better grip . This did neither of those things.I also had some other issues with Boxwave . I am in Canada , and I initially went directly to their website , but their $ 4.95 shipping to Canada applied to each item ; I wanted 3 cases , but they would n't discount the shipping , even after I contacted customer service directly . So I ended up ordering 2 of their cases via Amazon , which provided cheaper shipping , even though it stated that it was coming directly from Boxwave ! I 'm not sure how Boxwave thought it was a better idea for me to order 2 cases via Amazon -LRB- where Amazon gets a cut -RRB- and get a cheaper shipping rate , when I would have ordered 3 cases direct -LRB- not cut for Amazon -RRB- if they had just had a bundled shipping rate to Canada.Finally , when I received the two cases , the other case -LRB- the Proformance -RRB- did not fit my iPhone 4S , despite both the Boxwave and Amazon pages clearly stating that it was for the 4S -LRB- Amazon actually had two listings for the case , one for the 4 , and one for the 4S -RRB- . The invoice included with the case confirmed it was for the 4S ; when I contacted Boxwave , they wrote back and apologized and said that apparently , it DOES N'T fit the 4S -LRB- they have since updated their own website -RRB- . When I contacted them they offered a full refund and sent a prepaid shipping label ... prepaid for the USA , even though they should have known from my order that I was in Canada . Rather than pay to ship it back to them , I sold it locally to an iPhone 4 user .
 I was just wondering how this headset is being advertised as being compatible with the blackberry pearl 8100 and the curve 8300 when they both have different audio port sizes . The Blackberry Pearl carries a 2.5 mm -LRB- which upon investigation is realised is what this headset carries -RRB- , while the Blackberry Curve carries a 3.5 mm headphone jack port . Is it equipped with an adapter -LRB- such not stated -RRB- , even so , why would I buy a headset to use an adapter when 3.5 mm headsets are available ?
 it echos when i plug it in my phone and i can not use it . waste of money .
 i purchased a wrong item . I needed a Blackberry PDA smartphone Stereo headset for 8830 .
 The headphones seem to be OK , but the mic creates nasty echo . When I talk to one person , it 's bearable . When I am on a conference call , I have to mute myself or no one can hear anyone . Maybe it 's a feature : -RRB-
 I ordered it for my boyfriend -LRB- the one he had now was acting up -RRB- . lo and behold , it did n't fit . Please remove that its compatible to 8100 , it 's not true , and now I 'm stuck with an product not needed .
 I ordered three of these from SF Planet for my Blackberry 8700 , knowing from previous experience with Blackberry headsets that they tend to break down after a few months -LRB- i.e. one side stops working , starts to echo , etc. -RRB- Well I 've tested them and ALL THREE produce an unmistakable echo . While this headset is in use , the person you are talking to will hear an echo of their own voice on their end , and when it is unplugged , the echo goes away . I have tried this with a number of different people and none of them can talk to me while I use the headset because of the annoying echo.Sound quality for listening to music was fine , with no echo , but since this is a headset with a mic , being able to talk with it is pretty important.I do n't know if everyone will have this same experience , or if any of the stereo headset alternatives are any better , but this one definitely did not work for me when it came to making calls .
 I 'd read all the reviews which were , for the most part , positive . The phone arrived on time from the shipper . I loaded the SIM , but then every time I opened the slider and pressed with any pressure at all , the phone would short out and turn off . Do n't know if this problem is specific to my phone , but the slider concept appears inherently risky given the moving parts . Too bad , I wanted a quad-band phone to use internationally , but this wo n't be the one - I 've gone ahead and ordered a Samsung ` candy bar ' phone .
 I bought this phone in july 2010 for my mom . We are in March 2011 and already giving headaches . At first I was crazy over it and happy that mom liked it so much , but now I feel ashamed whenever she complains about it . It is still cute , but the back simply wo n't stay in place . No later than 2 days ago a tiny piece came out of it and she had to use nail tools to get it back in place . I am really wondering if I want to get her the same model again although she really like it .
 The best feature of this phone is the camera . The slider is the second best feature . This phone seemed a good idea at the time of purchase . I wanted it for it 's Mp3 player . The Mp3 player really sucks , poor sound quality and poor software design . The uSD card holder is very difficult . I have to push down on a tab while I use a very small screwdriver to push out the card . This piece of junk only supports up to 2GB uSD cards , no the newer uSD formats . The circular keypad fell apart less than 6 months and after warranty . The alpha numeric keypad is too small and has it 's own issues . Sometimes I press a number and it opens a web browser , which is a different keypad . The OS locks up sometimes and I need to reboot . Sometimes , I plug this onto the charger , and it reboots itself . The Alarms sometimes disappear , which has posed problems for me , since I am without alarms then . The bluetooth is OK , but I wish I could give meaningful names to the devices . It will only allow one device at a time . The OS is very slow , so be patient . Connecting to a computer USB is not as good with this phone as yuou would think . The computer has a hard time working with ot . Also , the formatted uSD card , is not fully compatible with a pc . I have no idea why they did this , but , if you plug the uSD card into a card reader attached to your computer , MOVE something off the uSD card to your hard drive and place the uSD card back into your cell , the cell will not recognize anything on it and suggests you reformat it , which is another buggy feature . I would love to work with my appointments on my pc , but , thanks to Motorola brains , you can not work anything from your pc . The battery does n't not stay charged very long . And , another software bug with the battery , it will say it needs to be recharged , but if I remove the battery and put it back in or if I briefly connect the power adapter or is I reboot the cell , it will tell me my battery is full . Is it ? I have no idea , so I keep it charging . This Motorola really sucks ! Now that I am employed again , I will be searching for a new phone . I am very sick of this phone , I 've had it for 3 years now . I will never buy a Motorola phone again . Let them go bankrupt , they certainly deserve it . There are much better phones out there for your money , just take your time to look around . Do n't buy this phone .
 I got this phone in April and for about the first month I was quite pleased with it . It 's slim , easy to use and is generally a nice phone . Then it started to randomly shut down and reboot while I read text messages , while I wrote text messages , while I looked to see what time it was , in the middle of conversations , and even while simply sliding the phone open . This happens about two times a week and it is very annoying . Other folks have posted this same defect online but T-Mobile refuses to acknowledge that there is anything wrong . I hate very few things in this world but right now I HATE THIS PHONE .
 I ordered this phone a 2 weeks ago as a back up and i have to say I will never order from the OEM SHOP again.They tout the phone as new ... well i am no newbie when it comes to cell phones ... this phone was a tmobile RIZR that had been refurbed and still had the tmobile firmware on it . Also the left soft key did not work and kept launching the the app attached the key below it.In addition the slider mechanism worked like crap . It did not slide the way it should . The phone ... even for $ 64 should work and be as advertised . Also the box it came in was a plain motorola box and not the official packaging of the RIZR.I have also seen many poor reviews in regards to the business practices and ethics of the OEM SHOP and i must say I am appalled that Amazon.com does business with them.I will never buy anything from OEM SHOP again ... ever .
 I ordered an unlocked world phione and was sent an unlocked T-mobile phone . It was loaded with T-mobile programs and I get a T-mobile text message every time I power up the phone . I am very displeased Amozon sent this phone when on their web site you could chose an unlocked world phone or the T-mobile unlocked phone ; and I chose the unlocked world phone not an T-mobile phone
 The phone seems very sturdy . It has a nice industrial design . The firmware is OK at best , and it takes more clicks to get anywhere than my kids ' nokia . That got it a star above 1 . The software that I had to buy separately was totally inadequate . First of all , it goes out to sync and downloads 30 MB 's of s/w and says its up to date , but it still wo n't sync . After reading their website , I download some more s/w to reinstall the drivers . NOTHING WORKS . I call them and they say that there 's a new version that works w / this phone.I get it , and it does well w / the calendar and contacts from MS Lookout , but is unable to work with the music . I have music in High resolution MP3s , but it ca n't read them . It ca n't read wmas , which sync really nice - I ca n't resize my MP3s to the smaller ones -LRB- see nokias great s/w -RRB- . All in all , it 's been about 12 hours and I 'm uploading some music that may or may not work , and takes entirely too much of the memory to hold it.Motorola , you 're an embarrassment .
 I 'm glad I waited awhile to write this review , because when I first got this phone , I loved it -LRB- I should note that I 'm already on my second one as the first one stopped working , and was covered under warranty -RRB- . The music player is fun , and the camera takes good pictures -LRB- the flash is a helpful feature -RRB- . But , as time goes on , this phone really wears out - and fast . The power/end call button stopped working altogether on my first one , and the select -LRB- circle -RRB- button fell off . The power button was a warranty issue , so I had to pay $ 10 -LRB- S&H -RRB- and got a new phone . Well , six months into the second one , I had the same issue w / the select button . This is a well known defect with this phone , as I learned when I went into the T-Mobile store , but it is not covered under warranty . Then , about 3 months after that , the entire larger circle that contains the up/down/left / right arrows fell off . The phone is now very difficult to use as I must use my nail and press in one exact spot to navigate anywhere on the phone .
 Myself and two co-workers had this device , back in 2007 . For all three of us , the middle button fell off through normal use . For my co-worker who used the device more than me , the ring of buttons around the centre button also fell off . The buttons being glued on is not cool.Other than that , it functioned fine . Nothing spectacular about it , but it was good for what it was .
 This was branded as a T-mobile , and although it worked with an AT&T SIM card , it created this problem where it thought I was a T-mobile customer and would send a text every two minutes . Returned . Total crap , do not buy . The phone itself sucks too . The keyboard is awkward and the screen sucks . I 'd rate it a 0 if I could .
 I loved the first one of these I had so after the dog chewed it up , I decided to get another one . This one had a faulty speaker the moment I got it and would n't ring if the setting was more than 3 . I decided to live with that since it has no warranty . Two weeks later it shut off during a call and has n't been able to restart since . I will never buy anything from Webtreo again .
 I guess I just was n't meant to have this phone ... I originally purchased it from cells -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's a neat phone , especially the video functionality that lets you pick different color filters , even a negative filter.I chose the unlocked version thinking I 'll have more versatility for travel . However , this means that you have to call T-Mobile to download t-zones so you can send and receive picture and video messaging . It also means , most annoyingly , that you wo n't get the usual icon to let you know you get voicemail - instead empty text messages _ @ lets you know someone left you a message and delta @ lets you know you 've checked your voicemail.Unlike the phone from cellswholesale , amazon did send me a new phone , with the tamper sticker on the box and the protective plastic on the phone . Whereas cellswholesale 's phone was for the Chinese market with a Chinese adaptor , amazon 's was for Hungaria and Romania , so there was no English handbook . I went online to motorola 's website and made the mistake of downloading the upgrade software for the phone hoping the voicemail notification would work . -LRB- It did n't work - it only erased a lot of the extras for the European market -RRB- . Extras also included the PhoneTools 4.0 software with USB connector , which I unknowingly purchased separately.It 's still a neat phone - but the reception is HORRIBLE . Everyone I speak to sounds like they 're congested with a really horrible flu and I miss out on over half the conversation . I 'm with T-mobile in Northern Jersey and this reception is way worse than for the Nokia phone I had for over 3 years . Also small things I preferred about my Nokia phone was how it placed an icon on the screen to let you know you set the alarm and also Nokia let you know how much time was left before the alarm time . And yes , you need tweezers to remove the SIM card from the Rizr . You can set an analog watch on the lower right , but it 's hard to read.It 's too bad I 'm returning the phone to amazon . I love the way it feels - solid and compact and its smart multimedia features . It also has an easy-to-use voicedial program . If it was n't for the terrible reception , I would keep it , but then again , what 's a phone for ?
 Well ... I have bought many items from ebay ... never had a problem ... I bought stuff through Amazon ... never had a problem . . However , this time I had a big problem . Before I ordered the product -LRB- s -RRB- I made sure the information I was crossmatching it with was 100 % correct such as the phone brand , serial number , type , etc. . I took my time , it probably took me between 45 minutes to an hour to complete my order.To my surprise when the order I was so eagerly expecting arrived it was ALL WRONG !! . . The charger did not fit my phone , , the pencils were not the right size , etc. . the only item I can use was the usb to AC connector . . If I ever need it , the only reason I ordered it was because it was the only way of getting the `` right '' charger for my phone.So , the aftermath ... I am left with 2 items I have absolutely no use for , and 1 item I might use once a year if lucky.Why did n't I say anything before this survey ? ... simple , I paid very little for the items , I probably paid more for the shipping and handling ... oh wait . . That 's right , that 's how they make their money is n't it ? . . Unfortunately If I can not claim my money back for shipping because technically the items were shipped , as far as the items go , well , I probably spend more money and time than what I initially invested . . Including this survey ... I am already investing time as it is ... there you have it . . you asked
 I was happy with the product until today . I went to put the phone back onto the clip and it snapped . So now I 'm unable to clip the phone onto my belt . Hopefully they will send out a replacement . Besides that , it looks great !
 This unit would NOT stay paired to my phone , but kept coming un-paired when on standby . This completely defeats the purpose of having a BT headset since you have to reactivate the connection every time you want to make a call or answer the phone.It was so comfortable I did n't know it was there and had great sound quality . If not for the `` Fatal Flaw '' it would get 5 stars .
 I bought one of this from -LSB- ... -RSB- half year ago for my wife and from day 1 she kept on complaining the noisy conversation through this ear peice . Sometimes she ca n't barely be heard by the other party on the call , especially when the battery is low and the battery is ridiculously weak . With full charge and normal call numbers with normal volume settings , the battery only can last for one day !! This is definately the worst bluetooth ear peice I 've ever seen.Keep away from it .
 Muffled sounding if you have low sounding voice.Ear piece will break quickly ... Junk
 Not sure what to say product was defective . Sound , fit , size , was good but like I said it was defective , would not stay paired with phone
 This headset is not worth the money . It will not stay paired up to my phone which is a razr . Maybe with another phone it would but keeps disconnecting even when it is within two feet of the phone . The volume is not as loud as the Logitech that I have and the wind tunneling and background noise makes it hard for people to hear you . I drive truck and have a lot of noise around me and people have a hard time understanding me . My Logitech has no problems at all . So let 's put it this way , anyone want to buy one of these let me know as I have one that I 'll sell you with less than 1 hour of use on it . Wayne McCann
 I rarely give bad reviews on items . But this one deserves it ! The sound was very good , I had no problems with that . The battery save mode where it disconnects itself was annoying at first , but I eventually got used to it . However , less than 2 months after I bought it , the earpiece snapped and broke . If you buy this item , you better handle the adjustments with kid gloves . And if you try to fiddle with it while its on your ear , its just a matter of time before it breaks ! I tried super glue ... does n't work . Therefore , I have a great headset that I ca n't use because the earpiece broke . The back of it says `` made in China '' ... with that information , I guess 2 months of use should be about right ! Beware !!
 I bought this headset and discovered the exact same problem as another customer notes . After a few minutes , it turns itself off , with its battery saving feature , and it takes FOREVER to turn the worthless thing on again - plenty of time to get into an accident attempting it . I am returning it to the store immediately . Do not buy this headset .
 I thought I have finally found my perfect bluetooth headset . After trying several -LRB- unfortunately I 've broken ear loop on otherwise excellent Logitech Mobile Freedom -RRB- , I had no luck at all . Static and stuttering all I had from several models from Tekken , Cardo Systems and such . Finally after doing extensive research I 've came across Anycom HS-890 . It sounds pretty good , fits well and could 've been the One , but has one very fatal flaw , which kills it completely . Here is how it goes
 Charger is the lowest quality I have ever owned . The box it came it was just as flimsy . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this product under a micro USB charger , it came and it didnt fit my phone .
 I 've been a nextel customer for 5 years . I love the service and the PTT feature . I even love my plan . . but i hate my phone.I 've had this phone for 9 months and its unbearable . The phone shuts itself off , freezes and only dials when it feels like it . I have never had more dropped phone calls and the call quality used to be alot better . The first 2-3 months were great . the phone was adorable and problem free but it was all downhill after that . I 'm tired of never having service and the scratches all over the phone screen are a pain . I 'm looking for a new phone . . I 've had enough . While the appearance of the phone is wonderful and will be missed . . I simply can not wait to finally get a phone that I will have service on .
 My problems with nextel did not stop when I canceled my service . I will get to the problems with the service . When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired , I of course wanted to keep my number . So as I went to get my Cingular phone -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- , I had the old number switched to my new number . Today , I get in the mail my nextel statement for the month with a $ 200 early termination even though I had not canceled my service , but had simply got a new phone and switched my number over . This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel . In my town , not a small town by any means , there are very few places that have any service . In the largest subdivision , you can not get service anywhere . I constantly get comments from people trying to reach me that get the classic nextel line ... Please hold while the nextel subscriber you are trying to reach is located . Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls , calls would go straight to my voice mail . Not only would I not get the calls , but often I would not even get the voice mails until days or even weeks later . When I did actually take calls -LRB- and call out -RRB- , I can not count the number of times I 've had my call dropped . I recieved so many different error messages sometimes I wonder if they just spend all their time at nextel thinking of different error messages to program into their phones . That brings me to the selling point of nextel , the famed and well-loved direct connect feature . This is an absolute joke . Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it . Even then , in the middle of the conversation I would be greeted by the loud beep of my phone telling me I wont be talking to that person anymore . Of course , I would expect nothing less from the nextel network . Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible . If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message , it took days , or maybe did n't even come at all . The internet access was fine , it the rare instance that it worked . Of course , when you do n't have service , you do n't get the internet access either . I was constantly getting the message `` network not available '' . Calling and trying to complain to nextel is futile . Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing . My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel . Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 I have had this phone for 1year and it is the worst service I have ever had with a wireless company the battery stinks loses life before the day is up I never have service when I want it and drops calls when you are talking I would not advise getting this phone
 As a nextel customer for a year I can assure you that I 've NEVER had a good experience dealing with them . Their service area is probably the worst I 've had -LRB- verizon and cingular are both much better -RRB- . Their customer service is about as useful as a punch in the face and their calling plans are extremely overpriced . Due yourself a favor and go with another carrier , it 's a shame because motorola makes a good phone however using nextel as your carrier you might as well be using tin cans with string .
 I purchased this phone around late July of this year . Although the phone is very sleek and stylish , the battery life and reception on are the worse . I have had so many problems with this phone when placing calls and using Nextel 's Direct Connect service that it is not even funny . In addition , the phone is always redialing , especially during off-peak hours . Although Nextel is most popular for their Direct Connect Service and Free Incoming price plans , they are also known for their poor reception . Truth be told , if you go Nextel , buy one of their older model cellphones such as the i95 , i90 , or i88 . A large number of my friends have those models and they never had any trouble out of them . Before this phone , I had both the i530 and i730 in less than a year , and they were a mess as well .
 I paid $ 150 extra plus tax to get a cool looking phone and it was not worth it . I went to the Nextel Support Center near my work to check if there was anything they could do -- nope -- the guy showed me a wall with the discontinued phones and this was the first one displayed . He said that was probably the worst cell phone ever released and everyone is having problems . I bought the service plan and he advised me to call and explain the problems I am having in an attempt to get a new cell phone . Common problems include
 Got the phone for its slim casing and direct connect option but within 6 months , I had to exchange the phone twice . First time , for drop calls , blown speakers , and bad reception . Second time , for blown speakers and bad reception again and a messed-up keypad . These phones are known for having bad reception and ON ALL THREE PHONES - the screen got scratched from the contact with the keypad -LRB- Stinkin ' Design Engineers ! -RRB- . Nextel 's customer service is HORRIBLE , as well . Out of 10 people , 1 person will know what 's going on . I got so fed up with the whole thing , that I decided to just downgrade to an older model and had to stay with Nextel , since the i830 originally came with a 2 year contract . Nextel is fully aware of the bad reception on these phones -LRB- we were informed by a Nextel branch employee of this -RRB- but when you call in , no one will have heard of this unusual complaint . Talking with the manager will do you no good ... you have to play the lottery with Nextel and try to find that one person that has a clue .
 My wife has had this phone for about two years . Loved it at first but soon after she began charging it more and more frequently . Right now she is charging it 2-3 times per day and she does n't use it often . Her favorite aspect of the phone is its size .
 I owned this phone for a whopping 10 days before I got fed up and traded it in for the i860 . It 's a cute phone -- I loved the bronze color and the lightweight feel -- but for God 's sake , if I wanted to take a week to get a text message through , I 'd write a letter.I really do n't know whose bright idea it was to add the unnecessary step of signing on to the ` net to send a message , but it made the whole process about 82 steps longer than it needed to be . Add to that the phone 's infamous habit of dropping calls , sticky dialing and flat-out refusal to make a call sometimes and you have a real loser.Too bad . Cute phone , poor execution on Nextel 's part .
 This phone as well as other nextel phones are the worst I have had in a long time ; and I have had quite a few phones ... Besides the fact that they are the most `` technologically challenged '' phones -LRB- no sms ! for f *** sake !!!! -RRB- , they have many stability and battery problems ; and yeah . . they look absolutely hideous
 I 'm on my 2nd model , soon to be 3rd . The phone is terrible . It freezes up , regardless of what I am doing -LRB- sending a text message , trying to view a pic , etc -RRB- . I can just imagine what would happen if I used it as a mp3 player . Stay away from this phone.Just somethings for people to know
 I am a frequent flier and use the phone and e-mail features on this phone on a very regular basis . After having used this device for about 2 months now , I think I have a fair understanding of how it works and what it 's strong and weak points are.To begin with , this device does have some nice features on it . However , the negative aspects of the device , in my opinion , outweigh the good . Simply put , this device still has too many bugs in it for it to be an effective device for a professional user on the go . For someone using it on a limited basis , it might be ok . Here is a list of issues that I have with this phone/PDA :1 . Phone size and weight is awkard , heavy and cumbersome . This thing is n't small and light by any stretch of the imagination . In fact , it is like carrying a brick around . You will definitely need to invest in a good carrying case with a strong belt clip . I do not advise the cheap plastic clips that come with most cases . It will fail on you with this phone . This phone is so heavy I quite often leave it behind simply because I do n't want to deal with the hassle of transporting it around .2 . Phone call quality is poor . With the volume maxed you can bearly hear the calls thru the ear piece . I use a Motorola bluetooth wireless headset with mine and it is still difficult to hear calls with the volume maxed . Only if you are in a quiet calm environment will you be able to easily hear what is being said on the phone .3 . NO WAY TO LOCK THE SCREEN . This is without a doubt one of the most troubling problems with this product and perhaps the biggest oversight of the designers . It is true that there is a button lock feature in the system settings , but this feature only allows you to lock the entire system when you power off the device . You can still receive phone calls and that is handy . However , there is no way to have the device on and lock the screen or the call buttons to prevent sending unintended phone calls . The phone does have a `` flight mode '' that allows you to turn off the radio device when you are travelling on a plane , thereby making it impossible to call someone . What is missing is the ability to lock the screen to prevent you from inadvertenly calling somebody when you are just walking from point A to point B or when you are using other features on the phone . I have made untold phone calls to people I had no wish to call simply because the screen was touched , bumped or otherwise breathed on . This device needs a simple way to lock out the call buttons but still able to use the other features on the phone .4 . This device has some serious memory leaks and the OS and bundled software often requires resetting the system . I use software by GOOD for synchronizing my Outlook mail box with my phone and office computer and quite often I will get the message that a phone call ca n't be made . The only solution is to reboot the device . I do n't know if this is a bug with the GOOD software or with Microsoft OS , but it is annoying .5 . The battery is very easy to pop off thus losing all of your information . Even though it has a backup battery to prevent such disasters , do n't depend on it to work correctly . One day , my device popped off of my belt clip and fell maybe 2 feet onto a soft carpeted floor . The battery popped off the back and it lost all of my data instantly . Even though the internal backup battery had a 100 % charge on it , the instant the main battery came off , I lost everything
 In 5 months this items has had to be replaced 4 times . Verizon 's support is poor beyond belief . Do n't buy this item . You 'll be sorry . I am .
 When I bought my VX 6600 , I was excited to have all the functionality of both a cell phone and a PDA in one unit . However , shortly after buying it , I had repeated problems with having to do complete hard resets for it to work . After falling from my belt to the floor while in the case and the screen was shattered and thanks to buying insurance , it was replaced . After a year and further problems , the replacement phone started to literally come apart and of course reset losing all information . I found myself rebooting it and redownloading all my information up to 3 times a day . I finally took it back to find that audiovox had finally stopped making it . HOwever under the insurance I had purchased with the phone , I had to take another one -LRB- number 3 in one year -RRB- that was in storage . I find the phone fickle , fragile , and at times entirely frustrating . OH , did I mention that you ca n't hear it when it rings due to the incredibly low volume capability . I miss calls constantly !! Sorry Audiovox , but I will probably avoid your products in the future if this is the acceptable level of quality you produce and sell .
 We purchased around 10 of these . All fail regularly . Not a durable or quality product regardless of the features - ESPECIALLY for the price .
 As a former Treo owner , I bought the xv 6600 to get an Internet Explorer browser -LRB- versus Treo 's proprietary browser which did n't work with all sites -RRB- . From a data perspective the phone is a decent device , but as a phone it is poorly designed . Problems include no easy way to turn on speakerphone , poor notification of missed calls / voicemails . The battery life is also pretty poor -LRB- expect to charge once a day if you use it at all -RRB- . Keyboard is also very poor and difficult to use since the buttons are basically flat . The battery is also prone to pop out and lose also all your data . Restoring data to phone is also very difficult and potentially dangerous -LRB- I lost all my data one time when the phone sychronized with Outlook and deleted all my data in Outlook -RRB- . Phone has a very cheap feel , unlike the Treo which had a very solid feeling . Unless you really need to have this phone I would hold out for something like Samsung i730 or Treo 650 .
 This phone it the bane of my existence . I urge anybody in the market for the xv6600 to please listen to my experiences and make your decision accordingly . I have created a list of minimum expectations of PDA 's in general which anybody , regardless of the device they are looking for , should make sure their investment meets in order for it to bring the functionality and reliability you really do need . The rest of my review is available athttp : / / johnpatota.com/xv6600.htm
 You can tell from the review from McBride that the phone is impressive out of the box . Do n't believe it . Go to the Sprint site www.sprintpcsinfo.com , Read about the `` beep of death '' . This happens ALL the time . Not just incoming calls . Battery life when you use device as a PDA and occaisional phone is pathetic . If you are traveling East coast to West Coast you better have an extra battery because it will be dead before dinner . Totally dead - no phone , no calender , nothing.The good news if any , is that I could drop down from my current 2000 minute plan to a couple hundred and not go over.Almost forgot - Sprint charges if Vision is not set up right will emjpty your 401k . Be sure and elect the right option !!!
 As a network admin , I was asked to provide 15 of the bosses and administrators with smart phones . After much investigation , we settled on the Audiovox xv6600 . We 've been using them for two months now and the results have been mixed ... The good - Wireless sync works great with Exchange server and does provide a nearly real time connection to the office and critical data from Exchange . The internet -LRB- which goes full broadband in about 4 days in my area -RRB- is also a very useful function . The ability to read Word and Excel docs has been well received . Finally , the bluetooth function is useful but buggy.The Bad - The battery on every single one of these units will not make it through the 8 hour work day - even if the unit is never removed from it 's pouch and used . In fact , about 7 of them will not make it past 2.5 hours ! The functions are great , but when the unit is unuseable due to poor battery performance , you have to question it 's value . Incidentally , Audiovox still has no enhanced battery available.Additionally , my users have to perform resets -LRB- sticking the stylus in the reset hole -RRB- at least once a day as the phone function ` hangs ' . Sometimes the unit times out while trying to dial out -LRB- even with a full signal -RRB- . The unit will then not receive or send calls at all until you reset it . This problem is probably more attributable to the phone software operating on a Microsoft based operating system or possibly due to the wireless sync function.Finally , the Bluetooth wireless headsets are great while they are working . In fact , mine works great on my regular -LRB- nonsmart -RRB- phone . But the xv6600 often needs the headset to be reinstalled or randomly chooses not to allow it to answer calls . But I attribute that to the burden of the Microsoft operating system it resides on . A challenge my nonsmart phone does not need to overcome.Finally - The xv6600 is a good idea , but it has a lot of bugs and creates a ton of support tickets for us . All in all , I 'd be satisfied with it if the battery could just last all day . The other issues are ones that Windows users get used to after a while and learn to live with -LRB- freeze ups , nonreponsive programs , etc -RRB- .
 Ok . After reading all of the enthusiastic reviews of the XV6600 and being influenced by those reviews , I thought I would ring in with my less than positive thoughts about the product.Pro 's : This is a decently integrated phone/pda/mini-computer . It does what it says it will do
 This charger does not plug into the R225 cell phone . The R225 cell phone has a micro USB connector . This charger does not have a micro USB connector .
 Very disappointed with this car charger . It has already stopped charging my cell phone after only 1 month . I would be hesitant to purchase from this merchant again .
 Worked well for a few months , but is cheaply made and died shortly thereafter . I would not recommend to buy .
 Does ` nt work well , i had the early version of this product -LSB- mobile phone tools -RSB- thah worked very well . I ca n't use any thing from my computer , what up . Sucks now .
 I finally got to try this thing out after having it for two months.Hiked four miles into a lake using my new PN-40se gps , spent the night and the next morning I plugged the gps in to charge it , everything looked to be going well so I let it charge for about 15 minutes and re-checked it only to find the screen blank -LRB- as it was on when I started -RRB- so I unplugged and tried to turn it on , and nothing . Very unhappy ! . When I got back to the truck I found the gps still worked if I put regular battery 's in it , so it ruined my brand new rechargeable batts.Be warned -LRB- check it out before you go ! -RRB-
 The product was n't what I expected or envisioned . I do n't use it . The full coverage of the buttons slows you down . The service from the vendor was fine .
 I 've just recieved this phone , and let me say upfront that appearences are n't everything . As the phone looks great -LRB- except it is a finger print/dirt magnet - and does n't not come with any sort of cover/case , you 'll have to buy your own -RRB- , the features you get with the phone compaired to similarly priced phones are awefull ! Most phones that cost this much have way more features.The phone has little or no ability for you to add your own games or additional applications to -LRB- other than purchasing them from Verizon directly off the phone and downloading them , which cost you air time -RRB- . The applications included with the phone are a joke . There is an alarm clock , calendar and notepad that comes with the phone , however , the calendar does not sync with any software you already own . So be prepaired to purchase third party software . The picture and video quality is great , however , you can not send them to anyone else via bluetooth or even download them off your phone onto your computer without first emailing them to yourself -LRB- verizon charges higher fee 's for sending pictures than they do for sending text , so in the end you actually have to pay to keep your pics on a location other than your phone -RRB- . The same holds true for the video.It comes with two trial games -LRB- that last for four plays each , then you have to buy them if you wish to ever play with them again -RRB- . The phone does not have a Java Installer -LRB- or if it does , Verizon has disabled/removed it -RRB- so that severely limits the types of games you can have on your phone anyway . Just so you know , there are literally 1000 's of Java capable phone games out there , and Verizon , by eliminating this feature , just took them all away from you ! Now you 're limited to just a few games specifically designed for your phone that you can get . Get out the wallets , they ai n't cheap ! Verizon even tries to `` sucker '' you into perchasing `` play it for 24 hours '' deals . What a rip off!Ringtones . The only way to get ring tones onto your phone is to purchase them off your phone , or online and have them emailed to your phone ! So if you do n't like your default ringtones ... get ready to spend cash!Music . This is the only thing you can add to the phone yourself ! HOWEVER , you mush first purchase additional software -LRB- Verizon Music Essentials Kit $ 30 -RRB- to add music to your phone . And NO , you can not use your music on your phone as ring tones ! You have to hack or mod your phone for that , which is highly against Verizon 's policies!VCAST - that 's a verizon only subscription service that you first will pay to even use , then pay again for each application you d/l to your phone and use , and then again , for many of those applications , pay again to access - all the while chewing up those precious minutes!The cover for the USB port -LRB- which is the only means of charging your battery in your phone -RRB- is has a small cover that you must pull away -LRB- that is attached to the phone via a small piece of flabby plastic -RRB- in order to attach the charger . This little fella will be lost or broken within a month , I virtually guarantee you . Be careful as well what you choose to use as a charger for your phone , as at first when I plugged the phone into my laptop , the phone displayed on the screen `` Illegal Charging Device Detected '' and just ignored it . With some tinkering , I finally got it so that the phone would charge off my laptop wich actually is a bonus , as it meant if I had my laptop , I did n't need to bring the phone charger with me on trips.So , if you just want a phone and have to pay for anything else , get this baby -LRB- actually be smart and just get a FREE PHONE deal , as it 'll probably even have more features than this does out of the box -RRB- . But , if you 're looking for a great piece of affordable , expandable and easy to use electronics , keep shopping ! There are tons more out there to choose from ! And most likely cheaper and more customer friendly too !
 I am now going to be on my 4th phone today because the first defective ones touchpad didnt work and the next two phones wont hold a charge more than 8-10 hours . the up side is the camera works nice . my e-815 was over two years old and working fine until verizon kept calling me every day bouuing me to upgrade -LRB- what a mistake -RRB- . make sure if you decide to go this route that there arent long lines at your local store because you will be going back many times .
 pictures and videos are not clear , all muddly.verizon locked several options to share pictures songs and ringtones thru bluetoodwith mono bluetood you can not heard your music .
 IF THIS PHONE TAKES GREAT PICTURES HOW COME ONES NOT POSTED FROM IT ? CHECK OUT THE SONY ERRICSON W810 PICS EVERWHERE BUT CINGULAR SUCKS WOULD SOME ONE POST A PIC
 Battery wo n't stay charged more than 24 hours - no better than the old one I had
 Purchased four of these -LRB- when a previous order from another company I ordered from -- 3 batteries ; none would hold a charge ! -- did n't impress me -RRB- paid $ 18/bat . so , so far two of THESE batteries will not hold a charge . One does , another I 've yet to try in my phone . At least I did n't pay $ 18 a piece for them as I did the other order . Waiting to see if I get my money back on that order , again from another company not affiliated with Amazon . Just be cognizant of what you are purchasing and for how much ...
 The battery arrived today and it is dead . The phone incl . the charger is brand new , it has been on the shelf in my office for 2-3 years and the original battery was dead , so I had to buy a new one . I am not thrilled to write a bad review , but you should do some testing before you ship the product , esp . since it came open . Though , shipping was fast - no complaints there . Of course , I will not return the item , not worth the effort - was that the catch ?
 Sony Ericsson BST36 Standard Battery -LRB- Purchased on 03/16/2009 -RRB- I can not review this product since it has still not arrived.I gave this product 1 star , only because your system would not allow me to exit without selecting at least one .
 Clip fabric rips extremely easily and once it does , the metal clip scratches your belt . If you 're wearing nice clothing , it 's not the best phone holster .
 I bought two of the so called `` new black battery '' on December 2006 . They have to be recharged as often as my other 1-year old batteries . I believe that `` new '' may mean `` 1 - or 2-year new '' .
 On Amazon you expect a substantial price reduction from what a brick and mortar retail outfit would charge , but 90 % off is a bit too good to be true . Like others I received my BR50 wrapped in a plain plastic bag without the written safety advisory all such products are shipped with . I did an overnight charge and then started using it , but the charge only lasted a couple of days on standby and less when I had been talking on it . In other words it was worse than the three year old battery it was replacing.I checked it against the Motorola counterfeit guide and it seems genuine . The date is November 2007 . Then I went to the Motorola site to check their batteries and their prices . The BR50 sells for $ 40 - $ 45 , so obviously the $ 4 BR50 's for sale on Amazon are either counterfeit or used -- my guess is used which would explain why some customers got batteries that were still good , and some got duds . And this is likely why Amazon would n't sell them direct . The batteries they sell start at $ 25 . So my advice is to not buy ANYTHING from this vendor or any of the others peddling the BR50 for unrealistically low prices . You get what you pay for .
 Please do n't buy this battery . It is aweful . It is not new . . and charge wo n't hold for more than one call for 5 mts.I did n't expect such a expereince from Amazon ... Why do amazon let eforcecity to cheat customers.Now I could not send it back , as I have to pay more than the product price itself.This is simply cheating .
 I ordered 2 of these since the price was great . Neither one of the batteries works . The battery I was trying to replace holds a charge longer than these 2 ` new ' ones . When I tried to contact the seller -LRB- eForcity -RRB- about replacing the batteries , I did not receive a response .
 Seller does not care if your order is lost by USPS . This is shameful and unethical !
 There 's no such thing as `` The New Black Battery '' ... counterfeiters are semi-smart enough to not make their products look exactly like the OEM because they know that no matter how hard they try ... they 'll mess up somewhere - so they just create their own.It would be like trying to fake someone 's signature ... it 's near impossible . . it 's easier to just sign their name however you 'd normally write and just pretend that it 's their actual signature - and hope nobody compares the two !
 Ehn ... bad product . Got hot the first time I plugged it into a converter for my trip to Europe . Lasted one day and then blew up . I got one full charge out of it . Thankfully it was only $ 5 + S/H , so I cant really complain . Still ... it may work in the States as it is intended but if you are buying this for an unlocked phone to use across the pond ... try finding the proper Euro version of it to the place you are going or dont expect much out of it . All of my other electronics worked fine in the converter .
 Very loose on the phone . I have to remove the case before taking pictures . The phone actually slipped out of the case and hit the pavement . I am not even using the case at this time . Did not plan on writing a review until Amazon requested that I do so . I just ordered a clip without a case . This will be better than using this case at all . The clip sells here on Amazon also .
 this product is not really for the katana , it 's a little to big , but with a couple of velcro strips it fits a lot better
 This is a poor fit for the Katana . It falls of the phone and does n't protect the screen or buttons . guess I should n't expect more for $ 8.00 .
 I GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR , I COULD NOT GET MY KATANA CELL PHONE TO FIT NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRIED.I WOULD NOT BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM THIS COMPANY .
 Well , it worked very well while it lasted . I used it only at my work PC , so I barely retract it . Works well tho . After about 8 months , the connector can no longer keep a stable connection . One wiggle and it 'll disconnect , and if you 're unlucky , like me , it will corrupt your music/video and everything will disappear . To fix this , you 'll need to SSH in and delete the iTunes_Control -LRB- which had all my unrecognizable music -RRB- and re-sync .
 Cable , Retractable Ipod USB SyncnchgStopped working the second time I used it . The 2008 Mercury Sable does n't recognize it and my desktop computer does n't recognize it . I plan to buy a straight cable and try it before I go to my Ford Dealership .
 I bought this cable for travel because it is so compact . After about a dozen individual uses at home over the past few months , it has stopped working . I am used to much higher quality with the Cables Unlimited brand , but they have really disappointed me with this poor quality product . Perhaps they have become so successful that they no longer do quality testing on their products . It 's a shame .
 Cord does n't coil back , does NOT charge my 3rd gen iPod . I would not buy this again .
 This is a horrible product . The concept is good , but the cable frays at both ends and become unusable . Do not buy .
 Beware this is not a small cable . The housing is thicker than my iPod Classic and the whole thing dwarfs my wife 's iPod Nano . The sync cable that comes with the iPod is smaller to pack .
 Come on , 1 cent ? There 's got to be a catch somewhere ... and it 's in the shipping per item price . At $ 4.49 per item , if you were to order 10 of these things thinking you 'll pay 10 cents , you 'll wind up paying $ 50 after shipping.Just FYI .
 I like that way this holster cradles the phone without being cumbersome . The part that holds onto the phone is really slick.On my unit , the spring clip that holds it exploded the first day . Fell apart like a $ 3 watch . So I used it less than a day . Perhaps other have had better luck .
 Sent me the wrong battery which is for Tero 680 instead of for Tero 650 . I give it away to my friend .
 This is a nice little phone with a good color screen but the IR port does not work with any device other than a computer running Windows XP or 2000 . You can not pass info from another phone or from a handheld device into the E105 thru the irda port . And you can not sync your phone with Outlook or any other PIM you may use , you can only copy the information into Samsung 's EasyGPRS program for downloading into your phone . And the last problem I have with it is that each number is a seperate entry . You can not have more than one number associated with a person without creating a seperate entry for each number.Nice phone but the functionality is very old school . It would be nice if they could have a modern software package with the modern phone .
 - Could not sinc with anything using the IR port -LRB- Even if it could , it would only come in not out -RRB- I tried pocket PC 's , Palms , and a Nokia phone -LRB- My old one with all my numbers in it -RRB- - I took it back to the store due to a Huge Huge huge feed back problem with 2 different high end Headsets -LRB- Jabra and Plantronix -RRB- I also found that even the second one would cause feedback on my PC Speakers from 3 feet away as well . I plan to take it back again . - Online , T-Mobile had a great idea to allow you to input names and numbers but forgot to add a check for Mobile , work , home etc. . Theres no way on the phone to change the type of number once it 's in the phone . They all come in as Mobile . - No way to move a number from the Sim to the phone or vice versa . - Ring tones are very juvinile - Vibrate then ring not both at the same time . Seems like a must to me . - Entering phonebook entries was a pain using the phone . I wanted to use the sentence case and it kept switching back to caps only each time I created a new entry . - The phone was free after rebates and I 'm going to take it back before I get stuck with it for a year .
 I 've had this phone for about a year now . I chose it b/c it was T-Mobile 's smallest model and the sales person said that it has great reception . I do admit that the reception for this phone is very good . I 've been in basements , elevators , and the middle of nowhere and still managed to find a bar or two . Now that does n't mean you can find service everywhere . But I was impressed w / how well it found reception . Unfortunately , that 's about all the good I can say about it . On the downside talk-time does n't last as long as stated in the description . I have all the power-saving features activated according to the manual to extend batter life and yet I 'm still squeezing barely 3 hours out of it . Maybe I just have a bum battery but w / lith . ion being the lastest and greatest it is not performing very well . Texting can also be a pain w / the predictive T9 function . At least to me it 's more frustating trying to text when it keeps guessing what you want to type and is n't even close to the correct word . I do n't select the function , but it 's still a pain to work around . The screen is very bright and colorful but like most it is virtually impossible to see outside even at an angle and shaded . I 've had two glitches so far , the first is that there are times when dialing it just cycles through w / no ring tone , almost like it 's searching for a signal , even when there is one . The only way I 've found to fix it is to shut the phone off and turn it back on . The second is a recent one , as of a few days ago , I have not been able to send a text msg . I can receive them fine , but to reply or send one I contiunally get the `` error '' msg . Have n't found a way to solve it . B/c of this , I 'm headed back to T-Mobile to look for a new phone . Although it lasted a year , that 's still not long enough to be considered a quality phone .
 13 months old , now does n't work . Shutting the flip lid will cause the lcd on the cover to shut off and causes the color screen to shut off , requiring restart of the phone . probably my last samsung mobile phone .
 I bought this phone a few weeks ago , and have been frustrated ever since . Besides the bad sound , it adds a hum to the voice.The menu system is extensive and therefore ridiculous to use . Too many options to make this phone useable.Ring Tones ? great for kids , but there is no simple standard ring tone that sounds like a phone . I have contacted customer support on a few occassions , and no one has given me any direction as to where to find a simple ring . The only option available is the T-Mobile melody that you hear on their commercials . They dont seem to realize that not everyone wants to play music . I cant find , download or buy a simple ring.I 'm counting the days till my contract expires .
 okay , i had this phone for like ... 6 months and it was fine in the first month of so , but then . . the battery kept dying , like every 5 inutes . seriosuly , well . . i last it like last week so i bought a new phone , the mototrola v551 , which is bigger , but a lot nicer , with more features , and i hope the battery stays good ! AH dont buy this phone !
 I 've only had this phone a day -- my simple , reliable former phone was stolen and had to be replaced -- and doubtless other problems will arise with it . But I 've already experienced enough to be frustrated.Sound quality is extremely poor compared to my old -LRB- and much cheaper ! -RRB- phone . This phone adds a buzzing or humming sound.The display on the cover is so small that it ca n't show an entire number ; the caller 's number scrolls across , with a long space in between appearances . So it 's hard to tell what the incoming number is.There are no `` normal '' rings , only irritaing music that sounds like it was made on a ' 70 's Cassio Keyboard for a slightly quirky porn film . The closest to a standard ring is the T-Mobile advertisement jingle . -LRB- Other reviewers seem to think that this is a plus ; but why could n't there be an option for those whose sense of dignity is offended by carrying a machine that blasts the Mexican hat dance ? -RRB- The menu system is frustratingly byzantine , seemingly designed to be counter-intuitive . The casing is cheap and flimsy.Rather than create a simple , usable interface , the programmers have chosen to justify their existence by souping everything up ; perhaps they hoped that no one would notice how repellent the display graphics are as long as the display is filled with twirling images . Unfortunately , that just draws attention to the hideousness of it all .
 I ordered two phones to use in a family plan . I recieved the first phone within a week , the second phone is not even delivered yet after 4 weeks . . I know it is not the phones fault , it is amazon . . But , the phone is missing some feature that are neccesary , my old samsung phone allowed me to adjust the volume of the phone using the up/down button on the side . This phone i have to go through the sound menu , way to cumbersome and difficult to adjust the volume of the ringer . That is my biggest complaint thus far .
 No speed-dial preview on screen ... No icons on phonebook list view ... Long phone book initialization wait ... No voice dial ... Caller ID on front but no reject button outside -LRB- open to reject ... so much for open to answer -RRB- ... way too many keystrokes required to be considered user friendly as a phone . Samsung makes great phones for Sprint so it must be that the fools at T-Mobile need to stop marketing to the video game playing market and get serious about making a phone ! My suggestion would be to look elsewhere if you want a serious phone . I am sorry I switched phones and carriers .
 Save your money . Even if these rebates are true . Whoever you have as a cell carrier , even if your using an 80s style brink phone - your getting better service . Yes this phone is filled with fun colored crap . But even that becomes a problem . This phone likes to stop and think . Often it will take up to 4 seconds after you open the flip for it to ` wake up ' . On top of this you 'll start pressing buttons , and nothing will happen for 4-5 seconds and it 'll finally start doing soemthing . Its not just my phone . Other people I know have the same problem with this model . I live on the northside of Chicago , and have to go outside to use my phone to get an acceptable quality to understand anyone . I ca n't tell if this is t-mobile or the phone , all I know is that t-mobile bought voicestream , which was known as the worst carrier in the nation . It seems they have n't improved muched .
 I switched from ATTWS Nokia to T-Mobile E105.I like the overall sound quality , the color display , good battery life and the fact that it is a flip phoneI do n't like that : The software is not as easy to use as a NokiaThere is no way of switching profiles to meeting or silentThe vibrate + ring feature is very inconsistentEven if I select a ringtone , it will switch back to the T-Mobile jingle for no reasonTakes a long time to initialize the address bookTakes 2 keystrokes to dial a #Not sure whether it adjusts the time automatically if I travel to the east coast
 I have purchases a few flip phones in my life and have alway had issues with cracking at the joint . Well this was no exception . I am not a power user , nor do I drop my phone , but it cracked , in the same place as my business partners , who also owns the same phone . We took it back to T-mobile within 4 months of service and because it was n't a software glitch , they said they would replace it for $ 75.00 . Not my idea of a warranty at all . Too bad , because it does have some nice features .
 pros : - cheap-good rf-good battery lifecons : - no bluetooth -LRB- cars will have bluetooth options now where your phone call rings in thru your car 's speakers and the caller id shows up on a display in your dash and you can dial from your steering wheel , all while the phone is still in your pocket , ie , the 2004 Acura TL -RRB- - no voice dialing -LRB- if you 're not going to have bluetooth , at least have this ??! -RRB- - styling looks cheaper than its predecessor , the s105-text input is cumbersome , very non-intuitive-not a TFT display , horrible to read in sunlight-phone will * NOT * vibrate and ring at the same time ! uhh duh?Overall , this would be a great phone for teenagers and young people but not for working professionals .
 It appears after about a year to a year and a half these Samsung phones lose their screens . Replacing my Samsung S105 phone because of this issue as well , Seen someone else on here have the same problem as me with the E105 . Going with a different phone this time . If it wasnt for this problem I would rate these phones highly , but without the screens it makes it into just a regular run of the mill phone with no options . And a pain to have to power it on and off after about every other use .
 WELL , THE PHONE IS NICE , BUT T-MOBILE IS HORRIBLE . I HAD A BUZZING NOISE IN THE BACK OF THE PHONE AND I HAD TO TALK TO 3 REPS BEFORE THEY WOULD SEND ME A NEW ONE . I KNOW OTHERS WITH THE SAME PHONE AND THEY JUST COME WITH MOSQUITOES INSTALLED IN THEM . PHONES A LITTLE SLOW . NOT VERY DURABLE . BUT OTHERWISE OK . I WOULD NEVER GET IT AGAIN THOUGH .
 Over all I 'd say it 's a good phone . When I got it I wanted a camera phone but could not afford one so got this one instead . I have not had any problems with it other than it lacks some of the things I look for in a ceel phone such as * Camera * Speaker Phone * Being able to change the face plate w/o a screw driverAlthough I can change the faceplate myself it 's a hugh hassle and I have to fight w / it everytime.I love the it has the HIFI ringers and tha you can change the `` service light '' . Another thing that sucks about it , is that it is so easy to scratch . I drop my phone quite a bit . . and it looks horrible . It still works great though . I 've had it since November and will most likly keep it for around another month and than upgrade to the Motorola V300 since it has a camera and speakerphone .
 I got this phone back in November and of course I was very excited . It was working great for about 2 weeks , and that 's when the trouble started . I began noticing that when I flipped the phone open , the screen did n't come up right away . I 've waited anywhere from 5-20 seconds for the screen to light up , which may sound short , but when you are needing to use the phone , it 's a real problem . However , I wanted to give it a fair chance so I kept using it , even though the screen still was not working day after day and it was getting worse . I began noticing that the more you do on the phone , the slower it gets - and I mean sssllloooowww . But it was n't until the phone turned itself off that I stopped using it . That 's right - I just closed the phone and it turned itself off for no reason , even though I did n't touch anything . It was then that I bought my new Nokia 6010 , the best phone . It is way better and more durable and I love it . Do n't mess with this Samsung E105 though , believe me , you will regret it . Along with the annoying problems I listed , it also has crappy ringtones . Get the Nokia 6010 for T-Mobile and toss this thing .
 This phone is nice and small and has some neat features but the sound quality in general is poor and the sound fades in and out.The phone is not exactly Irish tough either .
 My husband and I purchased a Sony Ericsson T610 and a Samsung E 105 in July 2004 . We had cell phone service from Sprint PCS on a family plan and wanted to keep our existing phone numbers . We checked all the instructions on amazon.com and with T-Mobile on how to purchase individual phones , switch to a family plan , and port our numbers over . When we got the phones we were successful in porting our numbers over and were very happy with both phones . Then we got two bills - one for our phone numbers from Sprint PCS , and one from phone numbers we did n't recognize and never heard of . Apparently the phone numbers assigned to the phones from amazon.com were never cancelled when we ported the Sprint PCS phone numbers over . Repeated calls to T-Mobile customer service were not helpful - they told us stock answers like disregarding the bill , or that the billing cycle had n't caught up with the customer service computers , etc. etc. etc. . At about the 6th phone call to the company , a customer service rep was able to cancel the account and credit it so we did n't owe them any money for these phantom phone numbers . We were very excited that this was finally resolved and gave this rep 's supervisor a glowing report . Case closed ... or so we thought . We received a final bill for this account that had all sorts of adjustments but still said we owed $ 41.06 . Two more phone calls to the company came up with nothing but assurances that this would be taken care of . One rep even scheduled a follow-up call to tell me that it went through , but never actually called . Today on the answering machine was the standard recording for code 100 -LRB- which means I did n't pay the bill -RRB- . One more call this evening -LRB- October 15 , 2004 , 3 months after we purchased the phones initially -RRB- with me masquerading as SuperBitch got me assurances that this would be rectified in 2 hours . Well , I 'm not holding my breath . We like the phones and have no problem with the account that we 're supposed to be paying on . It 's the account that never should have existed that 's the issue . If you 're in a situation like we were , make absolutely sure that whatever phantom phone numbers that existed are cancelled as soon as you port your phone numbers over . Better yet , use a different phone service .
 Pros
 I had a S105 before this which was more substantial and also a tri-band -LRB- this is a dual band -RRB- . This seems to have cheaper construction overall . Tinier buttons than the S105 AND A MUCH POORER Color screen . Impossible to read in daylight.Has `` hidden '' feature not in the book . If you bump the volume while it is ringing , it will send the call to voicemail . There is no way to shut this feature off.Sound quality is decent but give me back my S105 !!!! -LRB- I had to trade it in for this thing -RRB- .
 A T-mobile station in Milpitas California charged me $ 200 for this phone , -LRB- ... -RRB- Shame on me.I used a Treo 270 before -LRB- more on that elsewhere -RRB- and this phone as a PIM is a joke . The Samsung software just does not work consistantly . It has crashed my XP system twice -LRB- blue screen of death -RRB- It is a cute phone , and is flexible in tune download for ring tones , and I like the AIM interface .
 I have this cell phone for 7 months , and i can say that it is the worst cell phone ever . I have ` nt made one call with this phone without the person on the other side of the line complaining abt poor voice quality . The phone goes in a slumber when i send or delete a sms . i had a nokia 3595 before , it is not as sleek or trendy as this phone , but it was a great cellphone .
 This cell phone is terrible . I have had it a year now and I continue to hate it , and am finally about to get another one . The ONLY two good things about it are that it is tiny and it holds its charge for a long time.Otherwise :1 . The options for text messaging or adding addresses lock in Caps only -- really annoying -- can not do lower case letters so YOU LOOK LIKE YOU ARE CONSTANLY YELLING OVER AIM OR TEXT MESSAGING .2 . Falls and instantly scratches -- the chrome looks terrible the very first time you drop it .3 . the hinges and lights have broken off . honestly , folks , i have only dropped it a half dozen times , i 'm not clumsy and have never thrown it , and it 's dinged and dented all over .4 . You can never hear the beep to tell you another caller is trying to get through .5 . The multi-toned ring tones are IMPOSSIBLE to hear if you are in ANY place where there is noise -LRB- store , airport , etc -RRB- because there is not just one particular tone to get your attention .6 . Individual keys on keypad are too smooth and close together so it is hard to feel your way to press certain ones .7 . People are always telling me they can not hear me clearly , this is not about reception but the speaker quality of the outgoing speaker piece .8 . This thing PALES in comparison to its predecessor the S105 which I loved .9 . In order to delete messages telling you you have a voice mail message you have to press 6 buttons to get to delete -- way too much effort for something done so regularly.There are other things which I can not remember at the moment , but to sum it up -- the visually attractive qualities are ruined in the first week the first time you drop it ; the sound quality is poor ; you can not hear your call waiting beep ; and your text messages are ALL CAPS -- with so many options out there , save yourself the annoyance !!!!!! Do n't commit and get trapped waiting a year to get a new -LRB- free -RRB- phone !!!!
 I left Verizon which I now painfully regret . I can not use my cell for any business out of fear of dropping and broken conversations that happen 90 % of the time . I had a business trip to New York in which it 'd drop every call after a minute . Do not sign up with T-Mobile . I later found out that it 's a `` mutt service '' that only borrows time on other towers .
 I 'm not sure if it is just the fact that this phone is on a T-Mobile GSM network , but you have to set the time by hand . If you travel , your time will be incorrect . Give me two cans and a string . Very , very ghetto ... I wish I had n't canceled my verizon phone . SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT LISTING THIS PROBLEM AMAZON !
 This phone has been a tinny , pooryly made pain-in-the-neck since I got it . The fact that so many people have rated it highly means that either Samsung has a team skewing the ratings or all the ratings are by teen-agers
 I HATE THIS PHONE ! My husband needed a replacement phone . He just had to have a flip phone . OK , he instantly fell in love cause he 's a gadget-a-holic . I ca n't believe as much as this phone was that it 's T-R-A-S-H ! The battery wo n't charge unless the telephone is OFF ! NOW what if you need to use the phone . The screen is now all BLACK so you ca n't even read it . SO now I have to purchase another cell for Hubby . He 's not even a major talker like his WIFEY so it should have lasted 4 ever!It 's a cute phone , but I need something that 's more durable for OUR cash flow ...
 I received this cell phone in Febuary , and I loved it . The colors , the sounds , everything . And then , four months later , it does n't work very well . The screen does n't turn on right away when I flip the phone open . It shuts off in the middle of conversations . The reception is awful . AWFUL . It seems like it is just put together poorly . Good luck if you buy this phone .
 I got my E-105 phone in December 2003 and within 6 months , i have to get my phone replaced twice because of the following problem.The Phone Shutsdown after i talk and close the flip . This occurs randomly . I guess its because of a short . The same thing happened in the replacement phone also . The only good part about it is the T-Mobile Service . They were patient to hear my concerns and send a replacement phone .
 besides everything written before me , the biggest negative for this phone is that the rings are horrible . If you want a song , then great , if you want a ring , you 're out of luck . The only option is the t-mobile melody , outside of that not a single simple ring.The makers seem to forget all about people who want a simple phone that rings and makes phones calls . All the other options are fun and games , but completely worthless in a phone .
 The case I received is not Tuxedo SuitUp . There are no cut-outs for the buttons and also no cut-outs at the corners of the casing.What happened ?
 The buttons are hard to use on the sides of the phone with the case . Using a utility knife to cut out holes for the buttons would greatly improve the product , but it should come this way .
 The photo fo the case is misleading . The case they sent is totally different from the one in the photo .
 This does not charge all of the items it fits . But when it does work it is nice to have .
 This is the original splitter from iGo . It works with some devices , but not with all , specifically it does not work with the newer iPhones . Their newer model , PS00272-0001 -LRB- also available on this site -RRB- , has corrected this problem and works wonderfully . Do n't buy this one .
 I have nothing good to say about this product . I received the headset , but no case . I was very disappointed that I did n't get the case , because that is the primary reason I order this one . I have had alot of trouble with the headset as well . I have the Motorola Razor , and anytime I plug them in to charge , get one away from the other , or the headset turns off . I have to re seek it . I do n't think I should have to do that . I also have complaints from friends / family they here alot of background / static when I talk to them with it . The voice dial does not recognize the name through the headset , so do n't even try that .
 I ordered the headset that included the case . I only received the headset and the vendor would n't send me the case . Fortunately Amazon stood behind me and took care of this situation . Amazone is very fair with the customer when the vendor does n't send what they advertise in their offering .
 The Motorola H500 Bluetooth -LRB- BT -RRB- turns off/on with a button . Many times when I have stored it in my purse it would accidently turn on by being pressed against something . When I tried to use my phone to make a call -LRB- not knowing the BT was on -RRB- I could n't get it to work -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . It was working but through the BT inside my purse.I much prefer a style like the Motorola HS850 that features a foldable boom microphone that turns the BT on/off . I went back to this type and put the H500 in a drawer .
 Received this item , and no wonder it was so cheap ... The plug for connecting to the Treo 650 is n't a Tro 650 connection . Waste of a purchase , and yet so cheap not worth the trouble for a refund .
 I purchased this item for the color Pixter my son received for his birthday . However , the color Pixter is a completely different shape , and therefore , made this one unusable . I hope that they come out with a color version , I like the idea of being able to hold the game and a few cartridges together -- especially for travel .
 Click on the photo of the item for two photos of how the case looks , especially how it opens like a book when fully zipped open.This is a semi-rigid molded plastic case for the Pixter -LRB- sold separately , of course -RRB- . It is not waterproof or water resistant , but its construction does not allow for the absorption of water by the outer shell . The inside has a very thin coating of fleece-like material , but is not padded . There is a single semi-rigid flap inside the case which serves as a sort of door to close over the software cartridges and hold them in place , whether the case is open or closed . The flap does not lock or stick in place -- Fisher-Price would have been very smart to apply a simple hook-and-loop closure to keep this flap closed -LRB- I glued one into the case myself -RRB- . Let 's hope they 're wise enough to provide this in future models.The primary advantage of this case is that it also carries up to 3 of the software cartridges . My daughter knows from experience that the case also is capable of holding the Pixter instruction booklet as well as the instruction booklets of the software cartridges , although there are no specific slots/pockets for this purpose.Note that contrary to the manufacturer 's write-up , this case does not have a `` carry-strap handle . '' The photo for the item is accurate in showing that there is only a large plastic clip . There is neither a handle nor a carrying strap for this item . The zipper is large and engages easily , and is not part of the clip strap.In summary , this is a smart collateral purchase when you get a Pixter , a good way to keep numerous small ancillary pieces of equipment -LRB- and instructions -RRB- organized and together so that they do not get lost or broken . If the Pixter is used during travel , this is an essential accessory .
 I bought this item in July 2012 . I gave it more than fair effort to try to make it work , but as soon as I put the headset in my ear it starts beeping ... I finally contacted the manufacturer today and they told me that this item was discontinued 4-5 years ago , so It does not surprise them that the item 's battery is not good anymore and it does not take a charge . So , do NOT buy it , you will probably have the same problem
 I 'm sure this would be a great device if I had a mobile phone that would sync to it . The product description was inadequate and did n't state that the iPhone would not sync to this device . So , if you want to purchase it from me , email me c.mauldin@live.com and I 'll sell it cheap.under informed buyer , C
 This product looks good in the package but when I put it on my phone I found that it just does not fit very well at all . It 's flimsy , and when you open the phone you have to keep adjusting it so it covers what it 's supposed to cover.Access to the lens cover is extremely difficult with this cover on . I had to remove it in order to close the lens cap.I was n't satisfied with this product .
 when i got it in the mail , it never worked when i got it ! extremely upset and pissed off !
 Wish I had seen review of the person who said that `` Not compatible with Motorola RAZR V3xx '' because he is correct it is not . The product comes up when you search for the Motorola RAZR V3 .
 Look carefully at this page and you will see that the product model number is listed as a BT-50 which is not the one pictured .
 The Motorola Li-Ion for K1M battery pictured in the item description was not the one delivered . The battery would fit in the slot but was too thick , thus the battery cover would not snap back on . I should have recognized the gamble when the company says they are not RESPONSIBLE for making sure the combatibility of the battery matches the phone . Does not fit Verizon K1M ! Search elsewhere
 I was so disappointed when I got the product that was not same as the picture shown in the site !! I feel I was cheated . Shame !
 The item pictured when I ordered , and as I write this review , is a cell phone battery clearly reading 880 mAh . The battery received is 1130 mAh and does n't fit the phone .
 I WROTE A LETTER TO ALL OF THE COMPANIES I HAVE AND I WAS VERY DISSATISFIED . I HAVE BOUGHT 3 BATTERIES FOR THE SAME CELL PHONE . THEY WERE ALL PURCHASED AT DIFFERENT TIMES AS IN YOUR RECORDS . EVERYTIME I ORDERED A BC50 BATTERY AND THEY SEND ME A BT50 BATTERY . I NOW HAVE 3 BATTERIES THAT I REALLY CANT USE . THE PICTURE OF THE BATTERY DID NOT LOOK LIKE THE ONE YOU ARE SHOWING NOW . IT WASNT EVEN CLOSE . I CALL THAT FALSE ADVERTISMENT . SINCE THIS PROBLEM COULD NOT BE FIXED AND NO ONE CONTACTED ME TILL NOW . AS I WROTE IN THE EMAIL I WILL TAKE MY BUSINESS AND ALOT OF OTHERS TO EBAY . ROSE SMYTH
 Horrible customer service and they are not helpful ! They sent me TWO defective items . It 's a waste of time and money . The box says For Sanyo 8100/4800 . It mentions nothing about the other models . The instructions are a print out that the site made ! COMPLETE waste.Totally screwed up my phone !! Horrid
 This is not compatible with Sony Ericsson.My friend used it with Razor v3 and after a week this stopped working . *** Dont buy this ***
 The headset was used with dirty earpiece . Then the head set would not sync with my Iphone . Very disappointed . I expected a new item , not a used item that was badly in need of cleaning .
 people would always tell me , they cant hear me or it 's hard to hear you . i like motorola products , but this one i 'm reselling for a dollar & i still have no takers ... i 've had this product for a while now . . : -LRB-
 Connectivity is an issue . Voice breaks . Many call drops . Batter life is an issue too . Please read other reviews too .
 This product was a huge disappointment , very uncomfortable , does not hold a charge for long and trying to turn it on and off was a huge headache .
 This headset arrived 3 days early and worked perfectly for about 2 weeks . -LSB- The supplier did their job above and beyond - the review is about the actual headset -RSB- THEN the internal charging connection fell out , and that was all she wrote - I have a $ 20.00 display piece with broken guts.Save your money and buy a better Motorola Bluetooth - this one is n't worth it .
 I have this product for a few months it worked great ... . but after that it stopped working ... had to go for a nokia and thats much better in terms of distance frm phone or clarity in reception ... I wont call this product worth a purchase .
 worst bluetooth headset I 've ever own . . very big in size and bad sound . .
 Product is an old model and has flaws with sound quality both at the headset and transmitted to the other side . Feels fairly flimsy . You can get comparably priced headsets with much better quality nowadays .
 This is the older bluetooth and will not stay connected to your phone , I purchased 2 of them and had to send back to Motorla for the new C model . These are the older A models and according to Motorola they did not pass any beta testing prior to being released . The sound quality was ok but after disconnecting the bluetooth it would not reconnect to the phone .
 I bought this to replace a 320Plantronics that had a broken earpiece -LRB- !? -RRB- I do n't mistreat by stuff , but I 'm at a loss to explain the broken earpiece.Anyway , Amazon had these on sale so I bought one.Sorry I did , too.This unit is totally uncomfortable , the sound quality is poor and the connectivity is awful.Granted , the first gen Razr that I have does have it 's own connectivity issues , but this thing is junk . It will hook up for a little while , but I never know for how long .
 this product is cheep but dose work okay in havey wind it is hard to use
 As it goes for all cheap stuff , this headset will do the work , but is not great . The battery drains out fast . If powersave mode takes over , and your phone rings , the headset never wakes up . The mic is very feeble , and I have to speak hard for the other party to listen to me .
 I found these to be horrible . Air pockets everywhere , even after applying via the instructions . -LRB- I used to apply vinyl graphics to glass in my career , so I know how to do this stuff ... -RRB- and this was just awful . It also made it very hard to see the graphics , even in the spots without air pockets . The material is just strange.Ended up not using it at all . Good luck if you decide to try it .
 TRENDNET TVP-SP1BK ClearSky Bluetooth VoIP Phone Kit -LRB- for Skype -RRB- I already have a Cordless Internet Telephone Kit from another vendor and bought this as it does not need a power adapter and I can charge it right out of my Laptop.I have a COMPAQ Presario 2700 and the Bluetooth adapter could not connect physically with the USB port.Then I tried it with my COMPAQ Evo N600c as that Laptop has a USB port on the left side so the Bluetooth adapter could connect.The printed user guide is translated in many languages but useless to all readers as it describes only how to setup and install the drivers which most of us know anyway . The features of the phone are not described in the printed user manual.I copied the driver and bluetooth adapter utility from the CD but it did not connect with the handset . After uninstalling it re-installing same problem.Then I called up the TRENDNET 24/7 customer service where a representative took my Phone number and Name and model number of the hardware and said that someone would call on Monday -LRB- I called them on saturday -RRB- . I was very certain that if I could not get this device to work in another one hour I would surely send it back first thing Monday morning.I downloaded the driver from the TRENDNET website and decided to give it another shot . This time it worked.The handset is very basic with 4 ringtones and no way to add more.Can ' t do anything with the display either.It does not have a phonebook or any other utilites which one would except from a phone . Like one touch dialling , Alarm , Timer , Stopwatch , Auto Answer etc.When using Skypeout I ca n't disconnect the phone by pressing the red disconnect button on the handset , I have to open the skype application and the disconnect it . So one needs to be near the computer to do this.On the whole a dissapointment not worth the price.Niloufer Tamboly , CISSP
 The range on the phone is less than I had expected it might be . Also , I have had a number of problems with the phone 's drivers . I have a new Windows XP setup and more often than not the phone will not respond when I have incoming skype calls . I frequently have to restart my computer to make a call . This is one of those first generation products that probably will get better . One hopes , at least , since it 's a good idea .
 Had to fight with the phone just to make calls.The phone felt like a remote control , not like a phone.The ringer was NOT loud enough at all.The USB adapter is so fat that it takes up the USB slot it goes in and the ones on either side of it.Already took it back to the store and bought another brand .
 After struggling to install the phone all day , I finally called the customer service number on the back of the installation guide . They said that even though they have a Vista driver for this device on their website , they are experiencing so many problems that they now consider this device not to be compatible with Vista . This was straight from the mouth of the tech on the help line . Now I need to send it back .
 this has some facilities . . and also has an big screen with reasonable clarity . . but it 's shape is very odd to look at and very hard to handle it . . its very difficult to catch the phone and dail the number 's with one hand . . we should use both our hand 's to use it that is the worst part of having this phone
 i bought this phone 16 months ago i had a lot of problems with that phone , i can not call -LRB- because it says call not allowed , it happens 10-15 times in a day -RRB- , it doesnt show your recent call logs -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , if u drop it on ground it takes big damages -LRB- too soft body -RRB- , etcgood sides battery life , and looks nice , and lots of system tools
 Nokia had good reputation but this phone brought it down . The battery does n't stay as mentioned in specification . The Camera is not that great .
 This may be a really cool phone , but it 's not worth it with T-Mobile . They have the worst service of any of the major companies . I really regret signing up with T-Mobile , but I 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract . If you 're looking for a new company , do n't be fooled by the service plans . T-Mobile 's minute plans are cheaper for a reason .
 My recommendation is do not buy any phone from T-mobile without asking if the phone will be discontinued soon . That 's what happened to me with this phone . After I bought this phone I had a lot of troubles . First , there was a Lock code error . Every time I tried to enter in the code , it gave me an error . The phone also was n't vibrating and it was constantly shutting down . T-mobile did n't exchange the phone because they do n't carry this phone anymore . -LRB- Probably they had a lot of problems with this model -RRB- The most frustrating part is even though this phone has a warranty for one year , they refuse to replace my phone with any other equivalent phone.I ended up sending this phone to Nokia 's repair center . They fixed the lock code error , but it stopped vibrating again . And it is still shutting down . I must say that overall it has good features . The camera quality is good and the joystick is easy to use.However , despite all of this phone 's features , I have all the problems I mentioned above . Maybe it is only my phone but it is still happening . Plus , the operation is too slow.T mobile is terrible about customer service .
 This phone is flashy and feels good in the hand , but it could not hold a connection to any of my bluetooth devices -LRB- headset , handheld , or desktop computer -RRB- . My old Siemens s56 , on the other hand , worked beautifully with all of the above.If you hunt around the web , you will find many websites with people complaining about the lack of drivers for this phone and the cavelike silence from Nokia when asked for help.If your needs are limited to making phonecalls and taking snapshots , this phone will probably satisfy you . If you need Bluetooth , stay away .
 Most of thew reviews are high for this phone ... . My explanation is that most of the reviewers are americans that live in the states ... . the difference is
 I have been using the phone for 4 months now and find the menus too slow to respond . You practically hit the call button and wait for it to display the call history . The software is too slow to respond . Most of the features in the phone arent useful at all . The keys are pretty good but other than that I really didnt like it at all .
 I have been trying various phones for the past 6 weeks to replace my 3650 on ATT and finally decided to try the 6620 . I 've tried the Palm treo , the V600 and the new blackberry on TMobile and found the Palm and blackberry to complex for what I 'm looking for . I need a good organizer and the ability to synch with Outlook . Is that to much to ask for without having to buy extra components such as the Motorola requires ? I think not ! I 've been using the 6620 for a week now and it took me 4 days to get it to synch with Outlook -LRB- USB or IR -RRB- and 90mins on the phone with Nokia support . I finally got it to synch and I thought , ok now I can sit back and relax for the next year until my contract is up again and I 'll search for the next new phone.Unfortunately my plan to chill is not to be . This phone has frozen on me twice already -LRB- the same problem with the 3650 -RRB- . I was assured by the folks in the stores that it was due to the old Symbian OS bugs and that the 6600 series had a newer improved OS only to find similiar problems on the 6620 . as mentioned on several of these reviews the OS is slow , freezes and is glitchy . I really want to keep this phone and like it because of all the cool features plus the free synching software but I 'm not sure if the trade off is worth my time and aggravation to put up with these issues . If only the V600 came with a USB cable and free software , I would go for that phone.anyway , purchase at your own risk !
 I 've had Nokia 's for years , and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.Before buying , I 'd urge you to actually use one and not just handle it in the store.On the plus side it 's packed with features , including BlueTooth that works fine - it 's really a tiny computer that is also a phone ... and that 's the negative . As a computer , or PDA its weak since the screen , while large by phone standards , is still tiny to really do anything on.And remember , this is a PHONE first and foremost which is where I have my biggest complaints ... When you dial a number , you 'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct . You 'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.I hope you have a magnifying glass , because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.It 's as though Nokia has segregated 90 % of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10 % for the day to day use.I 've have many Nokia 's and while this is the best for features , it 's the worst as a phone.Sorry , try something else or at least trying using one . You 'll see what I mean ... if you have a magnifying glass .
 Positives
 ***** DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE ***** **** READ WHY **** In October of 2003 , I bought a Nokia 3650 off of eBay . It was an OK phone with a really nice screen , great battery life , decent signal , and cool applications . It was a major step up from a Sony t68i . The 3650 -- being essentially a mini-computer -- had memory leaks and occassional crashing , but nothing that a quick power cycle could n't help . Most importantly , it allowed me to get on the Internet via Bluetooth via GPRS flawlessly . It 's a nice phone , and I 'm glad to have used it.In July of 2004 , I purchased a Nokia 6600 from T-Mobile . Since I use my Palm PDA and T-Mobile offers unlimited Internet , I asked the sales representative if I could use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for my Palm , and he said yes . So I bought the phone and went on my merry way.BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE . THE ADVERTISING IS A LIE . Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise , it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices . While the two devices will pair , the phone will immediately drop the connection if any data is transferred . With the recent `` bluejacking '' vunerability , the Bluetooth overseers have created a new security system called Combination Key . This helps prevent people from sending short `` obscene '' messages to your phone . The older security method is called Unit Key . Most Bluetooth devices only support the older security system , Unit Key . This includes ALL Palm PDAs ! Further , due to an unparalled design oversight , Nokia is the only device that supports Combination Key that is NOT BACKWARDS COMPATIBLE with the older devices that people actually own . Does all this sound technical ? That 's because it is , and the only way I learned it was by spending over an hour talking to T-Mobile 's tier-3 technicians in South Africa -LRB- to learn that the problem was n't about T-Mobile -RRB- and three hours of getting nowhere with Nokia support technicians reading endlessly from scripts , never deviating , until I started cursing and got a tier-2 tech . Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!So , after all this frustration of adding all of my newest contacts to the 6600 , I asked the technician if it were possible to transfer the data from the 6600 to the 3650 . He advised me to back up the 6600 to a newly formatted Nokia MMC card , and restore the data to the 3650 . I followed the technician 's directions to the letter while they were on the phone , and after I had done so , the phone restarted and displayed the message `` Phone startup failed . Contact the retailer . '' I spent over an hour talking to a tier-2 technician who told me that their tier-1 technician should have known that it was not possible to backup the 6600 to the 3650 safely in any condition . I could not get the 3650 working to even factory defaults , even after trying every reset code they could muster . Nokia finally determined that my phone was in need of repair , but since it was out of warranty -LRB- it was made in May '03 and they would not take an eBay purchase as proof -RRB- they refused to fix the phone for less than $ 120 ! After over two hours of being placed on hold and persuasion , a supervisor finally agreed to fix the phone for free.I did a little research and discovered that the repair could be done by any basic cell-phone for $ 30 . All that had to be done was restore the software to the phone , and all that took was a cable and some Nokia software . I still decided to send in the phone , since insured shipping was only $ 10 . Two weeks later I mailed the phone in for repair . Two days after they received the phone , I received a letter in my mailbox stating that if I did not pay $ 120 for the repair of my phone , it would be returned unrepaired . I called Nokia to try to get it sorted out , and they stated that they had no recollection of ever promising to repair the phone for free . They stated that though it was a simple repair they would not do it for less than $ 120 . I suggested that it did n't make sense for me to send in the phone for repair if I thought Nokia would charge me $ 120 to repair it since I could get it done locally for $ 30 . This simple nuance was too much for Nokia , and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free . The supervisor stated that it must have been third-party applications on the 6600 that caused the 3650 to break , and would not take the suggestion that his own tier-2 technicians stated that it was not possible to back up the 6600 to the 3650 without damaging the 3650 , regardless of what was or was not on the 6600 . In short - Nokia themselves do n't know that this phone does n't work with the Palm , and if you do n't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly . You will also hard-reset both your Palm and your Nokia to factory defaults in their lame attempts to get the script to work , though it will not . Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .
 The title pretty much says it all . The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too ; they look as though they were built out of legos .
 my number one criteria for a new phone was iSync compaibility via bluetooth . all the other features are gravy . i checked the iSync compatibility page and it was listed -- they even had a photo of the 6600 shown in the graphic.so , right out of the box i had issue . namely , it wouldnt sync . after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem . there are lengthy hacks offered requiring root access and edits via terminal . i may have been up for this 10 years ago , but i just want a phone that works at this point . i guess its my own fault for not researching more before buying the thing . but , i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment . if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync , i say stick with a sonyericsson . i 'd rather have a little more phone than the t610 offers . but , that 's the only SE t-mobile offers right now.this nokia is going back to china or wherever it came from . if there was a zero-star rating i would give it .
 This phone was DOA when I got it . Amazon sent out another one -LRB- right away , with next day UPS !!! -RRB- , The second phone I received , dead pixel found on LCD screen ... Am I bad luck or what ???? Then , I used it to take some pics , the resolutions was not as what I expected !!!! However , the sound quality is superior !!! I love the RealOne player built-in to the phone -LRB- Just only play Mp4 , will not play MP3 -RRB- . Also , it comes with the digital voice recoder , which I think is handy .
 I bought this for my husband who uses his cell phone in the car a lot . I thought that a handsfree device would be good . He gave it back to me and said it does not work . He hated it . He is not the most patient man.I got out the instructions and spent a bit of time reading them . I programmed in the voice commands and proceded to practice using it as a handsfree device.It really does not work very well . The voice commands I created for my contacts work fine when I use the voice dial feature of my Sony phone . When I try to use them with the headset I hear the sound that means `` no match , try again '' all too frequently.Sometimes they will work when I am in a very quite environment and I say the command quite LOUD , but it it frustrating.It takes a lot of patience and practice to get this thing to work at all . I would not want to have to rely on it . You have to say the voice command with the `` exact '' same intonation or it will not work.I 'm no saint . I want to stomp the damn thing to bits .
 I bought this particular bluetooth because mine was stolen . I had the expectation that this one would be the same as the prior . In short , It wasnt . The quality is n't the same . Hard to hear . At first , it would n't connect , I used the mannual from the first purchase . Initially , I payed eighty dollars and this one ... well , you get what you pay for . I was really hoping that this one would be the replacement , I was wrong . It still serves as a bluetooth but not the level I wanted .
 I bought this headset from the SonyStyle website because it was advertised as the first `` Skype Compatible '' Sony headset . Despite this , it wo n't sync with my bluetooth enabled Sony Vaio . Sony Ericsson 's tech support could n't help , claiming that Sony Ericsson is a different company from Sony , and does n't guarantee compatibility between their products . I went to a physical SonyStyle store , who could n't get it to work . Sony tech support was equally unable to get it to connect . SonyStyle originally refused to take it back because I 've had it for more than 30 days . Finally , they have called me back and accepted a return . While SonyStyle has eventually made things right , it 's been a frustrating experience , and I 'd recommend buying from Amazon , who have a friendlier return policy !
 you really have to shout into the thing for other people to hear you ... . i guess its typical of all bluetooth headsets
 I just bought this for my Samsung A900 cell . It works for a months -LRB- It will work well only for 2 to 3 feet 's if you go beyond that it wo n't give you a clear voice -RRB- or so after that I ca n't able to connect with my cell . I try to follow the manual and try to reset again and I am not able to connect.I am not at all happy with this blue tooth . Even I regret I bought this . Just I want to give a heads up to people who want to buy this blue tooth .
 I have a Motorola RAZR and an HBH-608 Sony Ericsson Bluetooth headset . After 2 months it stopped transmitting , though it continued to link and I could hear the other side saying `` Hello ? Hello ? '' Nowhere does SE say this product is guaranteed only for use with SE phones so they refused warranty service . Only after many angery words did they proceed to cover the item , but they do n't claim it will work any better . Consider yourself warned !
 WHEN THIS ITEM ARRIVED , THE MAIN PACKAGE WAS GREAT - THE BATTERY PACKAGE APPEARED TO BE REALLY OLD . ON LOOKING THRU THE BUBBLE I NOTICED THE CONTACTS WERE DISCOLORED . WHEN INSERTED IN MY PHONE I COULD NOT GET IT TO MAKE CONTACT . VERY DISAPPOINTED - FIRST ITEM I HAD TO RETURN . AMAZON DONE A VERY QUICK REFUND FOR ME NOW I AM HAPPY AGAIN THANKS AMAZON
 I tested this charger when I first received it , and it worked . A week later , when I tried to charge my iPod , the charger did n't work at all . Furthermore , the charger I received -LRB- from Bargain Cell -RRB- had no brand name on it at all , and was shipped in generic packaging . i.e. there was no `` Lux '' brand name , and the no box . I feel that this was a `` bait and switch '' tactic .
 Lasted few months , then started acting on/off , eventually died . Tried to file a warranty claim , but it is not so easy -- no such form to be found on the manufacturer 's site . Eventually received one email from support , and no follow up at all . Waste of time and money . Plenty of good products and companies out there , stay away from iGo .
 Did n't fit my phone even though it was listed -LRB- A930 -RRB- . Where the charger should have slots it has tabs . Completely useless .
 Delivery time was long - at least a two-week calendar period . When the charger arrived , it LOOKED just like my original charger . However , on the underside of the plug-in to my cell phone , the unit had two small RAISED ridges -LRB- on my original plug-in had two small ` valleyed ' ruts ... not RAISED -RRB- Obviously , the plug-in did NOT go into my cell phone receptacle . I needed a different design for this plug-in to work . Still waiting for response from the OEM shop -LRB- through AMAZON -RRB- . VERY FRUSTRATING !!
 I purchased one of these from Radio Shack a year ago . This time I bought it from Amazon . Stay away from this brand name -LRB- Lenmar -RRB- . They do not hold a charge well , not for more than 5 days . I ordered a no-name off-shore battery from a cell phone supply website , and it out performs the Lenmar . Look for this
 I wore this around my arm for the first time , and it split open . Used it on the tread mill with a light to moderate run ... looked down at my iphone to change song , my iphone split the cheap glue that was used to hold this armband together . I am very lucky that my iphone did not fall to the floor . I threw this armband in the trash !!
 I 've just boght the armband , it 's kinda big , the iphone is loose in it ... hard to access the touch screen because it 's big ...
 I would not recommend this product although it is the only product on the market of its kind so you really have no choice . This is probably the reason that belkin does n't rectify the fact that the joint between the clear plastic front and neoprene separates to the point of super gluing them together . I 'm not the only person that has had this problem and it will happen to you . Also , belkin 's website does n't even show that they make an armband specifically for the iPhone . Wierd .
 This product is very bad , e in the first time that was used , unglued whole number , therefore I declare that it is of a quality very low , and request another one in substitution
 Okay , so I 've been using the Armband for about 6 months , putting it on tonight to go for a run and the thing just starts to separate . Needless to say , I wo n't be taking it with me on the run and now I am in search for a suitable replacement since this just plain sucked . Move on and find something better .
 The Belkin armband for the iPhone seemed pretty decent at first . I found it easy to slip the phone in and reasonably easy to get it back out at the end of a run or workout . However , the armband was always insecure on my arm , slipping down unless I kept it tight . There is a metal `` buckle '' through which the velcro strap runs to fold back on itself and hold the armband in place . This metal buckle bent immediately , and within 5 uses of this armband it broke completely . I was n't over tightening - if I did it would be too tight.This is an overpriced piece of garbage .
 Poor design . The slit at the top of the carrier is too small for the iphone which causes the elastic to stretch to the point were it tears away from the plastic.Don ' t waste your money .
 seemed very good at first but it collapsed after a few weeks of use ... unfortunately a waste of money and time
 Length :
 This product was not designed well . The plastic covering is merely glued to the armband . It makes for a nice and pretty ` flush ' finish , however glue + jarring + sweat + sunlight + $ 400 electronic device = angry customer when the glue released and dropped iPhone on concrete . Belkin normally provides great products , but they clearly were n't thinking through this one too well .
 Came apart on it 's FIRST outing . The plastic is glued -LRB- not stitched -RRB- to the face of the neoprene . The adhesive started coming loose about 20 minutes into a run . Had I not noticed it , the entire face would have become loose enough and my iPhone would have toppled to the street.I 've had armbands for gen 1 iPod , iPod mini , and gen 1 iPod shuffle . Hands down the worst designed and manufactured armband I 've purchased . Writing both Belkin and Amazon a letter and will update if things go south or north . For anyone considering this , please do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Listen , this armband is lame . The clear plastic in the front is glued on . The glue on my armband gave out the first day I wore it . I know the Apple one is `` bulky '' but it is way more sturdy . I guess if I have one good thing to say about this armband , it looks cool , and u can use your iphone screen through the clear plastic .
 Item looks great in the box but the clear plastic ripped apart the 1ST time I used it . I 'm sure I did not wear it for more than 20 minutes and I was just working out normally -LRB- lifting weights -RRB- . Very very disappointed at this product .
 I bought the item , got it on a Friday , used it Saturday and it came apart . The main problem is the armband is way too small . I am not a big armed person by any stretch of the imagination and I had a hard time getting it to fit so it would not slide off during a workout.Because the strap is too small for me , I have to pull it a bit so the velcro catches . That looked ok at first , but by the end of my very first time using it , the plastic facing had started to detach from the backing -LRB- its merely glued on and the glue separated -RRB- . Once the facing is loose , I was concerned about dropping my iPhone and bearing the expense of a new one.Belkin could do better if they added a couple inches to the strap . But , the plastic facing glued to the backing still leaves a bit of concern.If you have very small arms -LRB- child-like arms -RRB- then perhaps this will work for you .
 Item looks great and worked fine for a few months . Then one day out of the blue the clear plastic part ripped apart from the rest of the arm band .
 I frankly ca n't believe they even attempted to sell this . It is clearly defective . Firstly , it wo n't even fit around an average size arm comfortably . Secondly , even when it does , it rips in short order . In my case , it fell apart after two workouts . Not sure why Amazon has n't acted on this - it is clear based on all of the reviews .
 I had one and it is such a piece of junk . The glue holding the plastic face onto the armband gave out after only a month . Now , it is completely useless .
 Used this case sparingly over a year . The first issue I had was that the velcro is just glued onto the armband . When trying to feed the armband through the metal loop , the velcro would often get caught , which was a pain to deal with . Eventually , the velcro came completely unglued -- and not from the front where it was catching on the metal loop . In addition , I was trying to tighten it after slipping it on today and the metal loop broke , leaving me with a useless arm band that is falling apart.If they stitched the velcro down and used a sturdier metal loop ... I would be extremely happy with this product .
 I would use this product when I road my bike . There was a lot of sweat but that is what sports armband is supposed to endure . After a couple of months it ripped . I was highly dissappointed in this product .
 Like many of the other users of this product , I had it for 2 weeks and just like the gentleman in the video review you see , it split along the same side . This product is poorly made and designed .
 Well ... was a very bad idea to bought this armband because the first time when I used the armband broke . . and I never used with my Iphone ... well bad chance ... but I never to recommended for any body ... . its a very bad quality product .
 Wish I could give it 0 stars . The cover started coming off after about a week of use . I tried to superglue it but it did n't take.Other problems
 First of all the product I received is a little differnt then the image when I purchased it . No big deal though , but the thing does n't even come close to fitting around my arm . The armband strap measures 11.80 '' long , so if you have big arms , it 's not going to fit . It does n't stretch much either .
 The plastic panel on this armband became detached on it 's first use . After three sessions with super glue I am able to use it . It does however , carry well on my arm , and the band part is very good.Upon contacting the seller , I was unable to discern the correct way to return the item so I am using it in it 's current state .
 My first Belkin armband lasted about 7 months before the metal clasp snapped in half . I used Belkin 's lifetime warranty and they sent me a new one . However , there seems to be a huge design flaw in the newest batch of these armbands.On my second day of use , the screen protector separated from the armband and my iPhone fell out onto the floor . The first Belkin armband I had must have used a stronger adhesive because I had exercised the same way hundreds of times with the old one without the screen ever peeling off.Buyer beware that any amount of stress , no matter how minimal , will render this armband useless . However , Belkin does make getting a replacement pretty easy . Just check out their site for info on making a warranty claim . If they can fix the adhesive issue , it 's really a pretty good armband .
 Its a sports arm band , but its not elastic , gets wet , the screen gets cloudy . Not the right fabric to put in an electronic device .
 I bought the Belkin armband for my iPhone after searching for a sleek , functional carrier while I workout . I used it on a daily basis at the gym and was exceptionally happy until it quickly -LRB- less than 2 weeks ! -RRB- started to decompose and the adhesive strip -LRB- the reflective section -RRB- began to lose its adhesion . That strip is what binds the plastic surface protector to the rest of the armband and holds the iPhone in place ; making my phone fall out of the armband.I am really disappointed in the quality of this product .
 The item does not fit around a large bicep . On first use , had to stretch it , and it ripped apart.Hopefully Amazon excepts it as a return .
 everytime i slide my iphone out of the sleeve of the armband , I get a sticky glue residue all over the edges of my phone . could 've done a better job with quality control .
 This is garbage . Just like other reviewers said , the plastic front fell off after about a half-dozen uses . At least it was n't the first day like some . The product would have been great otherwise . I called Belkin for a replacement as the package says it has a lifetime guarantee . Problem is , they do n't make it anymore . They offered a credit , but for what ? Amazon made it all good by accepting the return and crediting my Amazon.com account . Avoid this . I bought another armband at a local store . So far , so good .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . The first time he put his iphone in , it split open . It looks like it was heat-sealed , and poorly at that . Do n't bother with this . Look for one that 's been sewn .
 The metal band where you insert the strap broke off during my run on the treadmill . Luckily my headphones kept it from flying onto the ground , but it was so unexpected and awkward I about fell off the treadmill when it happened . I do not work out that much , and this thing only lasted about 4 months . It is just poorly made .
 After my first use the glue that holds the plastic screen broke free almost causing my iPhone to fall out . I would go for one with a stitch front screen . the arm band is comfortable and easy to use .
 After using the armband for an hour on the treadmill , it came apart . Total waste of money . Thats all I have to say .
 This is an absolute waste of money , the first one ripped on the first run . Then I had an exchange , and the second one ripped after a few weeks . The plastic screen is brittle and glued in . I do not Reccommend this product . Sort your act out Belkin .
 I purchased this phone last year sometime and have been using it since . I am not very pleased with the phone for numerous reasons . Let me break it down in list form.PROS :1 -RRB- Small , compact , light2 -RRB- Good LCD screen , bright , good colors3 -RRB- Pretty decent camera4 -RRB- Good layout of the buttons that are inside the phone -LRB- not the exterior side ones -RRB- ; easy to pressCONS :1 -RRB- Side buttons get mashed inadvertently when stuck in your purse or pocket . This causes it to make a sound as it changes your settings . Very annoying to have to reset it back to what you had it to before2 -RRB- Intermittent freezing of phone . I 'm not sure if it is the phone 's operating system or if it is just a defective unit . Either way , it is annoying for me to have to open and close then try to power off and power on the phone to get it to respond again .3 -RRB- Slow response to buttons being pressedI am looking at other phones to buy to replace this one . If I were you , I 'd look into other phones with similar options and features .
 The buttons on the side frequently sounds when some object touchs them in pocket . It is hard to open the flipper and loose many calls by not being able to open it on time . Too heavy !!!
 I got this phone in June 2004 ... after about 6 monhts , I noticed that the volume level was bad ... it 's so bad now that when people want to use my phone , they ca n't hear who they 're calling because they do n't know that you have to hold the phone TIGHT to the ear to hear anything ! I love the phone , otherwise , I do n't want to replace it , but looks like i 'm going to have to ...
 I am so disappointed with this phone . I fought hard to convince my wife I needed this more expensive model so that I could get the speaker version for work calls , while she got a plain vanilla model -LRB- Nokia I think -RRB- . Well , the speaker phone works ok , but little did I realize until the warranty wore off is the volume of the regular press-to-ear mode fades terribly . If you are not in the quietest environments , do n't expect to hear anyone . It 's very embarrassing to call someone while driving and have to tell them you can not talk because you ca n't hear them over your car -LRB- I have an '02 Subaru , so it 's not exactly a monster truck show SUNDAY-SUNDAY-SUNDAY level of volume -RRB- . Cingular would n't do anything for me . I had even bought the insurance for it and asked if I could get the much cheaper , plain vanilla model my wife has . Absolutely not , have to get the same model phone -LRB- a refurbished one -RRB- . But Ms. Cingular representative , this other phone is much cheaper and you can actually hear = SORRY , HAS TO BE EXACT SAME PHONE . Argh !
 This phone would fool anyone , with it 's great look and sleek design , but have it for just one week and you 'll see the true side of it . Along with the buttons getting pressed mistakenly in my pocket , and POOR battery life , the phone drops calls . . ALOT!The phone drops calls worst that any phone I 've ever had . Then I came to realize that Motorola knew about this problem so they decided to recall it . I called my phone carrier and they said thay could n't do anything about it . . and they said I should give motorola a call . OK so I did , and yes you guessed it . They said that they might be able to fix the problem , but I 'd have to send it to them for about two to three weeks without a loaner . What great customer service eh?I 've since switched to the V360 and it 's 110 % better .
 I 've owned this phone for more than a year . It is bulky , slow-to-charge , prone to inadvertant changes in settings and finally , the keys are not easy to dial -LRB- number keys require very firm pressure , making one-hand dialing difficult -RRB- . The sticky-key problem became so severe -LRB- no , it was n't dropped in liquid -RRB- that I called Cingular while the phone was still in warranty . They sent another V400 , which they claim was reconditioned . The replacement phone had no battery -LRB- you 're supposed to keep the old one -RRB- and the face of the replacement was scratched and had clearly been abused . I kept the old phone and am switching service providers . Bad phone . bad service .
 This phone was my first jump into the flip phone category . I had been using the standard Nokia phones and was looking forward to something new . The phone is a good basic phone with all the standard features , but it comes with plenty of problems in the long run . My speaker stopped working and the phone does n't always charge well . Ironically , this happened right after my 1 year warranty expired . I 'm considering switching to a Nokia 6102 which is the first flip phone for Nokia . It has received great reviews since appearing on the market .
 I 've had this phone for almost a year now . Previous to that , I had the same Nokia phone -LRB- with Cingular -RRB- for 3 years . No dropped calls problems , no call failed problems , nothing . Occasionally , after making a phonecall , my bars would drop down to 1 or 0 , and it would take 15 seconds or so to get my signal again . Cingular suggested that I upgrade our phone . So , we did . In fact , we added an additional line to our monthly plan . So we have 2 of these Motorola V400s.After using 2 of these for almost a year , I can tell you this.PROS : - Flashy looks - Decent camera - Nice display colors - Battery life is goodCONS : - Whenever the phone is in my bag or my pocket , the side buttons get pressed , which means my phone makes loud beeps . The settings also get changed , which means my phone can be on silent and I have to reset it . - Extended dialing . When I dial up my voicemail and enter my 4 digit code , each number that is pressed on the cell beeps for several seconds . This is VERY annoying . - CONSTANT dropped calls . Most calls are dropped after 12 minutes . The person I 'm talking to can hear me for about 10 seconds , but I can not hear them . Then , the call is dropped . - Call Failed - this happens ALL the time . Frustrating when you need to contact someone and you can not place a call . - Phone never rings - this is a common occurence . My phone will be sitting on my desk and it never rings . Suddenly it beeps - I have a voicemail ... yet I never got a call.For the same price , there are plenty of other phone choices out there . I am exchanging this with Cingular ASAP , since we have n't quite had it a year . I hope my new phone is better . -
 I tried to order the phone as well and getting declines from Amazon , even though I have excellent credit history and I 'm an existing customer with Cingular.Does anybody know the number at Cingular where I can call and get an approval for Amazon 's order?Thanks !
 I have owned two of these and had the same problem on both
 I bought this phone last April . It worked fine until August.-volume did not work-dropped calls-people hear me , I can not hear them - the phone says connected , but it is not -LRB- I just hear myself saying `` hello '' -RRB- I sent it back to Cingular , they exchanged it . The new one had the same problems except : - the screen went black and the keypad stayed lit.I sent it back to cingular after 2 days of having the phone . Cingular sent me a new phone . this one also sucks : - the side volume buttons do not work,-dropped calls-all the same problems -LRB- dropped calls , bad volume , people hear me I ca n't hear them , blah , blah , blah ... -RRB- The phone worked for me for the most part so I ignored the other stuff . Now it is annoying and I am 25 days out of warrenty and cingular will not change my phone . I will have to buy a new one -LRB- $ 250.00 -RRB- or pay the $ 50.00 fee for the SAME MODEL phone . I HATE THIS PHONE ! As a result , I hate Cingular too ! As soon as my contract is up NEITHER Motorola or Cingular will get my money ever again.Reading the previous post I found the phone has been discontinued . A little to late for me.Motorola V400 sucks Do Not Buy !
 I have had this phone for about ~ 1 year . Recently I have only barely been able to hear the person I am talking to on the phone . At first I attributed this to maybe a bad connection , but then I found out a friend was having similar problems . I looked on the internet and found people were having similar problems . This phone is WORTHLESS , it can have all the features in the world but if you cant hear the person you are talking to what is the point.I recommend not buying this phone . If you are looking to buy another motorola I would check to make sure that it doesnt have similar earpiece problems .
 I have had this phone for about 5 months now and I 'm getting rid of it as soon as possible.It drops calls when I have full service.It randomly just wo n't ring when I have service , just beeps when someone leaves me a voicemail.On a clear day , if I stand in the exact same spot the service will go from 5 bars to 0 bars and then back up to 5 . I have the media text messaging and that randomly wo n't work.After I 've fully charged the battery I 'll receive a 10 min . phone call and all of the sudden the battery will go dead.My husband is on the same plan as I am and has a Nokia phone . He has never had any problems , so we know that it 's not the service.My advice to you is not the buy this phone ... my husband has had 2 different Nokia phones in the past few years and has never had a problem with any of them . I have had 2 Motorola phones and have had continuous problems with them .
 I share the concerns of others with this phone . I was very impressed with the picture screen . It has vivid color and clarity , although it is worthless in bright light conditions . It is also an attracive phone on the surface . But , that 's where it ends . The phone starts up very slowly when going through its initial diagnostics . The response time for the function buttons is also quite slow , even when dialing a phone number . The side buttons are an absolute embarrasment when they go off in your pants or jacket . They are also very useless . The ringer is not loud enough . The outside plastic lense covering the clock easily scratches if you get the phone near change or keys in your pocket . Even blue jean material will scratch it easily . The picture screen also scratches easy and always holds your facial oils . Finally , the function buttons are poorly lit to be useful in dark conditions.Unfortunately , I ignored the naysayers on this phone when deciding to go ahead and purchase it . They were right and I was wrong . My friends and family made much better choices and I ca n't wait to replace this disaster . Motorola
 This phone was working okay until about 2 months after the warranty was off . Just like a lot of reviewers on this list I too had problems with the buttons on the side changing my ring volume which caused me to miss some calls . But that 's not a really big deal . All the bells and whistles work just fine . I just ca n't HEAR ANYBODY TALKING !!!!!!!! I keep telling my mom that she needs to speak up . Forget about hearing anything if you 're outside or in a public place . I swear I 've pressed this phone to the side of my head so much trying to hear I think I 've got a cell phone shaped ear . Of course Cingular will not give me a new phone . The constant dropped calls did n't help either . But most of that stopped when I started my off-peak hours at 7 pm instead of 9 pm . Cingular seems to work on their towers after 9pm and on weekends which makes for dropped calls . So I have 4 months left on my contract and I 'm seriously contemplating changing carriers after 11 years with the same company and they do n't seem care that they 're loosing my business . The free phones worked great , the modestly prices phones worked great , but the one I paid good money for turns out to be a piece of caca !
 I am a person who has gone through a lot of different cell phones through different servers . I have never had a phone that sucked as much as the motorola v400 . I had this phone for 4 months before it started acting up . My ear piece stopped working and I would constantly have to put people on speaker phone and expose my conversation to those around . I called Cingular and they sent me the same phone . Two months after having the phone guess what ? Yeah the ear piece stopped working again . And then my speaker phone started to have a volume control problem . Sometimes it was loud and others it was n't . The buttons stopped working , and the screen would go blank . I am guessing that this phone is a real piece of crap because I called Cingular and they are sending me a different motorola because this one has been discontinued . I swear , I will never buy a motorola cell phone again !
 Yeah the phone itself is ok , but the real problem with this whole offer is ordering through Amazon.com , as noted by another review already . I had a similar experience in which Amazon contacted me via email and explained that more info was needed to process the application ... so when you try to `` Revise the order '' the operation times out when attempting to contact Amazon servers . In short , you ca n't update the order with whatever credit info that they claim is needed . I contacted Cingular directly and was approved in about 2 minutes , and after placing another order with Amazon I actually got the phone . But the other funny thing is , you ca n't cancel the original order because the operation keeps timing out when contacting Amazon 's servers again . So I emailed them and have gotten no response as of yet . We 'll see what happens on that , so caveat emptor for all ya 'll .
 I 've had two ... both have broken very quickly -LRB- one was a replacement -RRB- . Stay away .
 The phone is great , but order the service through Amazon is terrible . I had a similar experience in which Amazon contacted me via email and explained that more info was needed to process the application ... , just like the other two reviewers , although the email from Amazon indicated that they had automatically canceled the order due to insufficient information . They DID NOT refund my money to my credit card . I have contacted Amazon but gotten no response yet ... Be aware to order the service through Amazon , you might end up giving ALL your information through internet for a credit check but get hassle in return .
 I have now had my V-400 for a year . I still do n't know how to use most features because they use a icon system that is not intuitive.I have dropped calls all the time and most calls are garbled.I would not buy this phone again .
 my husband had not one , but two of these phones in less than a year and they were both lemons ! The first one he had , the person on the other end could not hear you talking at all - it was like no one was there ! The phone was brand new ! He had it replaced with the same phone and this one you could not hear anything on it ! He finally sent it back and just got a totally different brand of phone entirely . I do n't know if we just got two bad phones or if this phone is just not a good phone . Either way , we 'll never have another one !!!
 I wanted to switch my provider from ATT and still keep my number so here 's what i did :1 . I called up cingular and asked them if my number can be ported . the customer service rep was very eager to get my order and said he could have the phone -LRB- he also said he could match any price online -RRB- shipped with the number within 3 days , however , my plan would n't expire for a week , so i said i 'll call them back .2 . the day after my service was to expire i called Cingular again and asked for a new plan but this time the representative said that they do not match online prices , so i 'd have to pay couple of hundred for the phone i could get for $ 25 here . So I asked her how i could get a phone online and still keep my number and she redirected me to another phone number .3 . I called up the Tech service number that handles number portability and the guy adviced me to go ahead and order the phone on amazon and change the number when i receive the phone.he also asked me not to cancel my old provider till the porting process was done .4 . I received the phone 5 days later and i activated it . I called the customer service number rightaway and asked them to have my number ported . the person warned me that there is a $ 35 service charge for changing numbers -LRB- which i was never informed about -RRB- and directed me to a different number .5 . I made up my mind to pay the $ 35 and get the number changed but when the tech support guy answered the phone , he had a whole different story . He said that i can not change the number cause my phone has already been assigned a phone number . When i informed him about my conversation with a person from the same department he asked me for the number i called from and said that the computer does n't show any information regarding the conversation.After couple of arguments , he started implying that i was lying which pissed me off and i told him to cancel the phone.He said that I would be charged $ 170 for cancelling the contract 2 hours after i activated it under the false impression that i can have my old phone number.After an arguing for 30 more minutes , he finally agreed to cancel my contract without any charges.I moved to T-mobile since and i have a better phone and the same coverage as cingular .
 My review is on Cingular . I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used . THEY LIE . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY . THEY ARE CHARGING ME FOR ACTIVATION even though it never worked in my area . If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service , DO N'T BUY from Cingular . Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse .
 I have owned this phone for about 6 months now and am ditching it . Before this phone I was a strong believer in Samsung phones , and now , I am even more . By far , the worst part about this phone is not the physical quality of it , which is fairly good , but rather the digital part , which is total crap . The software is buggy and unreliable . It is slow and clunky . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've had to remove the battery just to end a call . Sometimes it refuses to dial out , and other times it just wo n't do anything at all . It is not reliable and truthfully , it is not trust worthy . There are several nice things about it though . The screen is very nice , big , bright , and sharp . It also has a speakerphone that works well and a built in e-mail client -LRB- which I will miss -RRB- . In the end , after 6 months , today I ordered the Samsung SGH-E317 and though it lacks the high resolution screen , email client , and speakerphone , it should be a phone I can trust . What 's the point of having a phone if you ca n't trust that it will be there when you really need it ?
 I 'm tired of reading revues from people who just got a brand new cell phone and have absolutely no depth of history with the product.I purchased my V400 july 2004 and at first -LRB- for about 2 month -RRB- had no big problems the phone did n't strike me or the people i was talking with to have any great audio quality but it was usable.Then I was constantly trying to max out my volume since i could n't hear what people where saying to me , most of the time i was rushing to a land line and called them back -LRB- great way to do business -RRB- . Then the phone started to become unusable . People calling me could n't hear me or i could n't hear them . Sound distorted.The games worked ok and so did the camera . But lets be honest here give a phone that works first then ad the gimicks.I received consecutivelly 2 new phones in exchange of my original one . All of them did the same thing fine for 3-4 weeks and then hell broke loose.After 1 year of Hell and dropping from using 700min/month on my account to 150 . I finally got another model.I hope my new Motorola V600 works or this will be the last Motorola phone I ever own .
 I was looking for a quad-band GSM phone that I could use anywhere in the world -LRB- OK , most places -RRB- . Though I was not particularly interested in the camera functionality , I chose this phone as it was the one which seemed to have the specs I needed.But within a short time , my perception of this phone degenerated into the realization that the actual usability and performance of this phone leaves a lot to be desired -LRB- and gives you repeated opportunities to improve your inner self by curbing your irritation at things that do n't deliver as promised :--RRB- I have had this phone for about 6 months now and I will change it at the next opportunity.Ok , kidding aside , some of the many things about this phone that do n't work properly -LRB- design flaws -RRB- are - * Traversing the menu for even simple things is a pain . Slow response . Many levels - for even frequently used items . * Lack of basic call history information -LRB- if the same caller calls twice , their earlier call info . is overwritten ! -RRB- * NO TOTALLY SILENT MODE - Can not silence the low battery alarm -LRB- though it can function fine for another 24 hours without charging -RRB- * Can not use the phone if the battery is discharged even when it is hooked to the charger . Must wait several minutes before you can even switch it on and ~ 15 minutes to make a short call . * Side buttons constantly get pressed while inside trouser pcckets -LRB- and your hands - or anyone else 's are no where near -RRB- . * Side button functionality -LRB- such as changing Ring tone level -RRB- do not work as you would expect . * Speakerphone function seems great but you can not switch on the Speakerphone until AFTER the call is connected - resulting in an awkward pause.I could go on . Bottom line , this is a poorly designed phone -LRB- unreliable/bad personality -RRB- that is hoping to impress you by it 's good looks and it 's camera `` feature '' . I think you get the picture - at least the smart ones reading this ! Even the 4 and 5 star reviewers have mentioned numerous problems - they should really be at most 3 star reviews.AVOID - there are many other better options from other manufacturers.P.S . Also , be WARNED about Cingular resellers - they will LIE outright to get your business . And Cingular seems to not care very much.The trend you support today becomes the norm tomorrow . Hope you choose wisely .
 1 - The worst manual -LRB- documentation -RRB- i have ever seen for a cell phone2 - Side-mounted buttons that make it difficult to so much as pick up the phone without inadvertently activating something3 - Gave it to my kids as a toy since this is absolutley garbage . No wonder you make money by choosing this phone -LRB- Rebate -RRB- ! 4 - I can not believe Motorola makes junk these days !
 I hate this phone ! If you 're in the USA and thinking about getting this phone then keep looking because all you can do with it is talk and text . NO companies support the features that you pay for . . not even Nokia can help with sending updates . It 's a cute phone and unique . . not as pink as the pic makes it out to be though ... I really hate mine but that 's just me !
 I purchased this battery for my iPAQ thinking that I could get a few more years out of it . The new battery works a little better then the original battery that is 7 years old . It went back ! I am in hopes that the replacement that they send will hold a charge better then the first one they sent . Thank goodness I purchased it from Amazon and not a third party vendor !
 This phone was fine for about month , when both screens began blanking out . I took it back to the store and was advised to simply remove the battery for two minutes , then the screen would come back . I did this and it seemed to work . After another month , the screen began blanking out more and more . Finally , after about 5 months of use , the screen would blank out continuously - maybe 15-20 times a day.Several people I know have the same issue with this phone - it is clearly a defective model . The people in the Verizon store all know this too , since any one of them will tell you the battery trick to get the screen working again . Do n't bother with this phone .
 This phone , and Verizon as a whole , drops calls at a pace that totally surprises me . I got the phone about 6 months ago and it was pretty good ... then the calls started dropping.These days i use the phone as an answering machine to prompt me to call on a land line . Unfortunately , I signed a hefty contract so I am stuck with Verizon and this crappy phone for the next two years.Look for a phone that is more reliable , and maybe even sytlish - something this phone and verizon as a whole fails at .
 I 've had my this phone swapped 3 times . 2 of which were in the last 2 weeks . Verizon did n't want to replace the load of crap . The calls drop , the phone comes on and off at will , the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently . This is just awful . Save your self a headache get a motorolla .
 Maybe 75 % of my calls drop , to the point that I am considering paying full price for a new phone . I know it is not the coverage area as other phones for the same service provider do not drop in the same areas . I will never get another LG phone !
 Basically , I have had it replaced 4 times in less than a year now because the screen just stops working . Verizon always tells me I must drop my phone or something , which has never happened . Also , my friend has the same problem with this model and keeps switching them out . Oh and everytime you switch them out , you can keep your contact list - but not your data or ring tones . I can not wait to get a new model , but unless you have a new service plan they are so $ $ $ $ and I am in a contract for another year : -LRB-
 this cell phone is a hunk of junk the color on the screen si anything but lucios and the screen is tinya huge flaw is the fact that if you call someone ocassionaly it will just ecko what you say and you cant hear the other person.GET SAMSUNG THEY ARE WAY BETTER THAN THIS HNK OF TRASH !!!!!!!!!
 This is the worst phone you can possibly imagine . You should only buy it if you do n't plan on using it . I mean , it fits in your pocket pretty well , its comfortable when you hold it up to your face . It looks good but its not too excessive with features you do n't need . However it is quite a different story for features you do need . Do you want service ? Well this phone has the ability to drop a your call anywhere . It goes from six bars of service to none without you moving an inch . I have never once experienced in my one and a half years of ownership a call that has gone through from beginning to end without being dropped or broken up . I have never had good coverage . The display frequently messes up , going black for long periods of time . It turns off on its own . Oh and the battery ? I have had this battery for a year and after one call it the battery life is in half . I can not go a day without it dying . I do not use the term `` hate '' lightly or very often but I HATE this phone . I am to buy a new one tomorrow and the best part will be planning an elaborate way to destroy this one . Do not buy this phone . Do not buy from LG . -LRB- I would give this zero stars , but its just not an option -RRB-
 I am on my 5th VX4500 . The signal on this phone fluctuates like crazy . You can have a full strength signal and suddenly the phone will drop the call . I have had several LG phones -LRB- TM-510 ; VX1 ; and VX6000 -RRB- and they all were superior to this phone . The last time this phone broke I temporarily activated an old Kyocera phone that was about to be donated to the goodwill and it blew this thing away.On the bright side this phone is user-friendly and has a nice interface . The speaker phone is decent as well . Too bad it ca n't hold a signal . Save your money and get something better .
 I have had Verizon for a cell provider since mid 2000 . Out of the six phones I have had , this one was the absolute worst . I purchased this phone because it WAS NOT a camera phone . I sometimes go into locations where a camera cell phone is not permited . The first thing I noticed is the voice quality was sub-par , on a level of my first Qualcom phone back in 2000 . Then I started to notice dropped calls and dead spots in coverage where there was digital coverage before . For example , with full signal in a residental area of Washington DC , I had the phone drop six calls in ten minutes , without hardly moving . This model phone could not find a cell tower while driving along I-95 / 495 near exit 11 in Maryland , a location that all my other phones had at least three bars of service at . The first phone died after just two days . Within a week with the second phone , I gave up , returned the second one and bought a LG VX8000 , which has been the best phone I have ever owned . Aparently in most reviews , people have been complaining about dropped calls and screen issues with the VX4500 . Do n't waste your money on it phone , there are better choices for about the same cost .
 Okay , I know the subject for this message is pretty negative , but it is to the point . I have had cell phones for a number of years and this is the only one that has earned that description .1 -RRB- Speakerphone problemIf you put the volume of the speakerphone to the highest setting , it will , in pretty short time , kill the speaker . Why would anyone want to put to put the speakphone so high ? I used it to hear the caller when you 're in the car instead of looking for and connecting the hands-free . Anyway , once the speaker goes , it takes the ringer along with it so you 're stuck with either a vibrating or a silent phone .2 -RRB- Connecting ProblemNo , this is n't a Verizon issue . I 've had a few other Verizon phones and they all connect within 5-10 seconds . This phone seems to take 15 seconds minimum and sometimes does n't connect at all .3 -RRB- Automatic RebootThere are times when this phone will just reboot on its own . I have no explanation for this . I 've seen it happen on my phone , and my wife 's phone -LRB- whose speaker still does work -RRB- occasionally will wake me up when it reboots .4 -RRB- Easily DamagedI 'm not talking about the occasional scratch you might get when you drop the phone . I 'm taking about the display screen cracking when a screen door taps it . -LRB- You know - that light door that closes slowly because of the closer device . -RRB- 5 -RRB- Reboots When DialingPick up the phone , dial my wife and the phone reboots .6 -RRB- Connection Never Goes ThroughAt times I will place a call and the call will simply fail . The signal strength is fine , but the call wo n't go through . In case you 're wondering , I 'm in the NYC metropolitan area .7 -RRB- Phone HangsYou ca n't place another call , you ca n't hang up on your current call and you ca n't turn the power off . There 's nothing left to do but to remove the battery at this point .8 -RRB- Phone Does n't Come Back UpYou power the phone on and the phone starts to come up , but never completes its boot-up cycle . Your only hope at this point is to remove the battery and try again .9 -RRB- Contact List DisappearsIn the past three months , this has happened to me three times . The first -LRB- and second -RRB- times , the contact names were still there , but the numbers were gone . It still knew that speed dial # 3 was my wife , but there was no longer a phone number to go with it . -LRB- And no - the numbers were not `` hidden '' . -RRB- The third time took the contact names with it . It still knew there was a speed dial for # 3 , but now there was n't a number or a name for this slot .10 -RRB- Get It Now BreaksThis has n't happened too often , but more than once , my Get It Now has Got Up and Went . Missing selections and failure to connect . A reboot usually fixes this problem , though .11 -RRB- Fails to Run ProgramI 've downloaded one game on this phone - Tetris . I 've seen my phone start to run the program and then crap out . It tells me it fails to run . Once again , the reboot took care of this .12 -RRB- Phone Charging a ChoreThis problem was on my wife 's and my phone chargers . The phone wo n't charge unless you tap the charger around . If you put the phone into the charger , the phone connectors will either not make contact or the contact will not be secure . Either the charging light will go on or will blink to let you know there 's a problem.So why have n't I switched to a new phone ? If I utilize insurance , I 'll have to pay $ 50 to just get another VX4500 . Based on what I 've seen , this is not the way I want to go.And one last thing - this was already the third VX4500 phone I 've had under this contract .
 I got in on the `` Get 3 phones for the price of 1 '' deal with Verizon . With this deal , I got -LRB- 3 -RRB- of the VX4500 phones . Shortly after I received the phones , the display on one of the phones died . Everything else on the phone worked , but the display was dark -LRB- almost like an EnergySaver mode -RRB- . Needless to say , a cell phone without a readable display is not worth a whole lot . Fortunately , I was within the 30-days , so I got a replacement from Verizon . Now , I 've been with the plan for almost a year and another one of the phones is now doing the same thing . This tells me that I did n't get a `` bad apple '' at the beginning , but yet the LG VX4500 is just not a good phone . Unfortunately , I do n't have any warranty to fall back on this time . The next time around , I wo n't be buying anything that has an LG on it .
 This phone has some wonderful hands free features ... IF THEY WORK . The speaker started going out 6 months after I got it . I cut out a lot when using the headset . My second phone died after 2 months ! Same issues . I 'm on the third now and if it croaks I will never get another LG phone again . I have better things to do with my time than visit the Verizon store because my phone does n't work . Save yourself the aggravation - get a Motorola or Kyocera . I 've had both and they are much more reliable than LG .
 These are the worst phones ever ! The first two went dead at random times and would n't come back on till they felt like it . The latest one just keeps going on and off and playing its cheerful little welcome chimes over and over and OVER . I now have to 1 -RRB- take the battery out to sleep and 2 -RRB- go get yet another one tomorrow -LRB- do n't qualify for a good phone till 2006 -RRB-
 The first one had the screen problem at 4 months - Verizon replaced it . The second one just lost its speakerphone just over a year later so I have to have it on Manner Mode to feel it ring . Unfortunately , I 've purchased all of the accessories for it so I do n't want to have to buy all of that again so I 'm stuck with it through the end of my contract . I just have to pay the $ 50 field replacement fee for another refurbed . The Verizon tech suggested I check out the Motorola E815 when my contract ends.I brought the 3rd one home , took it out of my purse and looked at the screen and it said `` Battery Charging '' but it was n't plugged into anything ! I did the off/on battery out , back in thing to reset it and it worked for a while then the `` Battery Charging '' indicator came back on . I called Verizon in the morning and we did the off/on battery out , back in thing again and it did n't go away . It went back that day and was replaced AGAIN.LG stuff is just junk . AVOID !!
 I do n't like this phone . It 's too small to use , even with the programmable buttons I ca n't get it to work the way I want . And the voice dialing feature is terrible . Either it wo n't save the name when you try to set it up or it ca n't find it when you try and use it . Also very slow to actually dial the number when it does work . I 've returned the phone to Cingular thinking it was just a faulty phone , the next one worked for a few days and then started screwing up too . Ca n't return any more to Cingular , so went to Motorola . Their solution was to reset the phone , which removed all the programming , but did make the voice dialing work for 5 minutes . The I found you just had to turn the phone on and off to get it to work , but that 's not really a solution now , is it?And it 's not just my phone that does this , my kid 's phone , my husband 's phone and at least one other teen we know with this phone have the same problem !!! Phone also comes with practically no ringtones , no games , On the plus side , the camera and speakerphone are good . I was impressed with how good the pictures turn out after you send them to a PC .
 I did n't like the UI on the phone too much . The pictures from the camera are n't very much to look at . The worst part however is that the LCD screen is very easily broken . Mine lasted 3 months before I broke mine , and it costs 135 to replace -- almost the same cost as a new phone . Not Recommended .
 The camera quality is bad , and after a few months the ear piece of the phone became unsturdy and flimsy -LRB- it would squeek while talking -RRB- and people constantly complained that I never came through clearly . I really reccomend passing over this phone - though the interface is easy to use and the screen is visible in the front , it is still the worst phone ever .
 Ready to buy a new phone but did manage to keep this for the year contract without having to return it . The camera , though , is awful and the picture quality is rubbish . The phone scratches easily and sometimes I do not receive calls and am told I have missed calls days later . I also sometimes have problems hearing the ringer and the vibration is not strong .
 I have not had this phone for a year and I am already on my fourth phone . The speaker goes out often and you can not hear anyone unless you play with it . The screen shuts off all the time and I randomly get missed phone calls a day after they happened . The camera is poor quality and usually goes blank anyone so it is totally pointless . It always changes volume . I do not recommend this phone to anyone , very poor quality
 I 've had my phone for 4 months now and have had nothing but trouble with it . The reception is terrible ... where I used to receive calls with my AT&T ; plan and my cheap little NOKIA , I can not get with this phone and the company that is `` raising the bar ! '' I am constantly losing calls and get bad or distorted reception -LRB- if any at all -RRB- under electrical lines , around appliances , etc. . If I could go back , I would , but my whole family switched at the same time.When my contract is up , I 'm dumping the phone and the company and not looking back !
 So far the phone works , but there are two major dissapointments : * The battery life is only about two days . Yes , I followed the instruction and went through a couple of full charge cycles . * There is a camera in the phone and the USB port . But Motorola decided to squeeze more money from their customers , so they do not provide the drivers that allow you to download the pictures from phone to your computer . What is the purpose for having the camera if you can not use it ?! You have to pay separately to purchase the drivers from Motorola .
 This thing , I am seriously fed up with it . I do n't know what the deal is but every few days I go to turn this phone on and it wo n't ! It will flash and then go off . I seriously spent about SEVEN minutes this morning contstantly pressing the power button again and again and again until FINALLY it turned on . I do not recommend this phone , whatever deal you 're getting it 's not worth it to spend minutes a few times a week getting the thing to turn on . The phone I had several phones ago might be a dinosaur now but at least it was reliable .
 I have had this phone one year and two months , with a one year warranty . It was great until the warranty expired . I have excellent service with Cingular , but the phone is BAD ! I 've also heard other people -LRB- 3 -RRB- say they had problems with their V220 also . First , the camera went out . Then two weeks later , I started seeing horizontal lines across my inside screen . The outside ID still works , but NOW , the inside screen is either , black or white OR multi-color with so many horizontal lines , that I can not function anymore . I ca n't access my address book and not all info is on my SIM card ... guess I 've lost some valuable information . I 've been a faithful Motorola customer for 5 years . I 'm considering going to Sony .
 We ordered these phones from Cingular . They are absolute junk . My husband had to have his replaced 3 times and I had mine replaced twice . The camera would always mess up and would stay on or freeze up and you could n't get into your phone book or even see who 's calling on the caller i.d. screen . I 've taken mine into a store to replace it and was told that the store did n't carry them because of all the issues with them . These are not worth the money . I had to replace mine again last week . This time I went with a Sony Ericsson Z520A Its much better and has way more options . The camera even has a 4x digital zoom . Do n't buy this phone , or you will surely end up in the same boat that we did .
 I had this phone for nearly a year with no problems , aside from the camera inexplicably stopping working . A few months ago the battery on the phone started draining within 8 hours of being fully charged . I sent for a replacement and within a few weeks it started doing it again , but this time it shuts off randomly.My brother got the same phone as me and within six months his battery was being constantly drained . He also sent for a replacement , which has worked until recently , when he started having problems with not being heard on the other end.All in all , this phone is n't worth the trouble . It will work great for awhile , then it wo n't , and depending on your provider , you 'll be stuck with a crap phone and another year on your contract .
 The user interface for this phone is among the worst I 've ever seen -- for any device . A herd of monkeys could do a better job than Motorola did with this phone.The biggest complaint I have is that the buttons on the outside of the phone cause it to beep at full volume even when it is closed . This terrible design has plagued Motorola 's phones for years . There is absolutely no reason the buttons on the outside of the phone should make noise when it is closed . If the phone is closed and in your pocket or on your belt and the buttons get bumped for whatever reason , your phone beeps at full volume . It 's fine for the external buttons to do something -LRB- i.e. display the time , activate the backlighting , etc -RRB- , but not to cause the phone to make noise.When you press -LRB- or accidentally bump -RRB- the outside buttons when the phone is closed , the display toggles between displaying the time and the ringer volume . On the first press , the ringer volume is displayed -LRB- i.e. `` Style
 I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day , even when the phone was turned off . The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem . After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center , they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable `` due to customer abuse . '' I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage -LRB- unless using it to make phone calls counts as `` customer abuse '' -RRB- , but got the same comment , without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation . It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty . You 'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works . After that , you 're on your own .
 This phone is absolutely horrible !!!! The screen fades out at will and comes on when it so desires as if it were a temperamental female . Half the time I can not talk to people unless it is on speakerphone because the mouthpiece goes out . It does not standby for a long time either . I hate it and would not wish this phone on my worst enemy .
 I bought three of these phones for my kids in December . It is now August and they have all broken . Two have screen damage and one has an antenna stripped . Also , the silver on the outside has rubbed off just from being taken in and out of a pocket . I was told the phone is still under warranty , but that if we return it and they find the damage is caused by the user , they will charge $ 150 for the replacement phone . Well , no phone is going to break if you put it on the shelf and leave it there . No cell phone should break from flipping a flip phone shut -LRB- as in screen damage -RRB- or from being taken in and out of a pocket . I did n't want to take even the remotest chance of having to pay even a cent for another of these awful phones , so I bought new phones . Go for Motorola V551 instead . That is a much better phone .
 I have four motorola phones , two V220 's and two V180 's -LRB- same as V220 but without camera -RRB- . After the warranty expired on these phones the troubles began . My daugher 's V220 began shutting off for no reason within a few seconds of being turned on . Replacing the battery did not help . thinking this was just an anomaly , I decided to replace it with another V220 , even though it meant extending the Cingular contract . Everything was OK for a while , then the main screen on my other daughter 's V220 began going blank for no reason . You could still make and receive calls but it was next to impossible to use any other functionality . Next my wife 's V180 would no longer ring . I had to set the audio option to ` vibrate ' in order to have a chance to detect an incoming call . Now , the main screen on my V180 phone has been periodically going blank . I recently searched the internet for reviews on these phones and found numerous complaints similar to my blank screen problem . Needless to say , this experience has destroyed my faith in Motorola products . I will NEVER purchase another Motorola cell phone again , and I plan to strongly recommend against them for any of my associates who are in the market for a phone .
 This phone is a piece of JUNK !!!!! My daughter has this phone & it has been nothing but TROUBLE from the beginning . We have had to send it back in & have a replacement sent to us 3 times in less than a year . The camera stops working , the address book deletes itself , calls are dropped for no reason , her voicemail stopped working , all reception has been lost both inside & outside ... WHAT A JOKE ... Motorola & Cingular should be ashamed of themselves !
 It worked 2 days after I purchased it and Freezed for no reason.Removing SIM made it start the first time.Next time when I switched it off in church , it never came back.Tried removing battery / sim etc and thought it must be battery charge and charged for a whole day . But nope . Got to take it back to Cingular this weekend.-Alex
 I switched from another cellular provider in December and I knew it was a mistake . I was trying to save a buck - big mistake . I 'm not a big fan of Cingular and I ca n't tell which is worse , their service or this phone . I can barely hear out of the phone and forget it if you have the windows down in the car . The ringer is easily drowned out , even at its highest setting . And when I go to my mother 's house , which is 10 min from mine , I ca n't use it all . The address book is set up weird ; for each entry there 's a separate line which is dumb . And on most phones , you can personalize the screen , not this one . I guess I was spoiled by my previous cell provider . The free phones I got from them were way better than this one , and I paid for this one . I have about 18 mos left and then it 's back to my old cell service .
 I have always had a motorola cell phone but the v220 is a big let down . It looks , feels , and operates like a cheap phone .
 We were moving to the greater Seattle area so we purchased a couple of V220 cell phones . They have proven to be little workhorses , but if I had to do it again , I would have up graded for better phones.Don ' t get me wrong , we have no complaints for the price we paid for them . But we simply underestimated how much we were going to use our phones , and being relatively new to cell phones , we did not know what to look for in a new phone.A pleasant surprise was the calendar . I was able to program in my appointments and as a result , rarely missed an appointment . On the downside , we are a little disappointed in its ability to receive signal . The picture option is great , but the quality of its pictures when compared to upgraded models is very poor . By the way , email me if you have figured out a way to download your pictures to your PC . I had no complaints about battery life -LRB- two days on a single charge -RRB- , until I had to use it for my business -LRB- resulting in using 2000 minutes a month -RRB- I have to recharge my phone midday . Other salesmen using upgraded phones go all day on a single charge.Would I buy this phone again , probably not . But it does make a good kids phone . So if you got some teens or preteens that are begging for a cell phone , this is the phone for them . As for me , I will probably upgrade very soon .
 The camera 's zoom features went out after 2 months . Now , 18 months later the camera no longer works , but I did n't use it all that much to begin with . The reception is pretty lousy and I had the typical commerical ad happen to me when during the WORST time it could happen , it went completely DEAD ! As of now , I can call manually and receive calls but heaven forbid it goes into voicemail . The battery wo n't stay charged , the screen wo n't work -LRB- I get nothing but transposed gibberish -RRB- and I ca n't retrieve any info . I thank God my contract will be up soon . This phone is a piece of JUNK . PHOOEY !
 Do NOT by this phone . One of the worst . Freezes up , the camera does not work . BAD SERVICE
 All the bad reviews here are true . I had my phone replaced in Nov because of the display problem and now 3 months later in February it is out again . This time it is out of warranty . I also have a Motorola smart phone Mpx220 that I had to get replaced 3 times during the 1 year warranty . I do n't have much hope for the second year of my contract . Funny how these cell phone contracts are so one sided . Stay away from the MOTOROLA name completely for your best guarantee of satisfaction
 I 've had this model of phone for a little over six months and I am now on my FOURTH phone . The first one lasted about a month before the external display completely quit working . On the replacement phone they sent me -LRB- phone # 2 -RRB- the keypad would n't light up at all . So , I immediately got a replacement sent to me -LRB- phone # 3 -RRB- and the keypad would only light up from time to time . It was able to make and receive calls so I decided to just put up with it . The phone worked well enough for about three months -LRB- a record for these phones I 'm sure -RRB- and then it suddenly stopped being able to make or receive calls . After I was able to convince Cingular that , yes , there was something wrong with my phone they sent me a replacement phone -LRB- phone # 4 -RRB- which I 've had for about a month now . I just noticed yesterday that the external display is starting to not work from time to time . I 'm sure that I 'll be on phone # 5 within a few weeks.If there is any possible way you can avoid getting one of these phones , please do ! They are absolute pieces of junk .
 Just like many have already stated , my screen died after six months ... Stay Away !!! Trying to get a replacement , and hopefully this one will work .
 My problems all started when the camera stopped working and then the antenna fell out and the screen went black , all right when the warranty expired .
 My roommate and I bought the same plan from cingular three months ago , but we got different phones - she chose a Samsung phone and I chose the Motorola V220 . The biggest problem I have with my phone is that it does n't like to ring when I 'm getting a call , and even when it does ring it does n't ring long enough for me to answer . I always end up having to call the person back . Also , the V220 often has a very weak signal in places where my roommate 's phone will have a full signal , and I frequently have calls dropped . This is my first motorola ... and most likely my last . Do n't bother buying the V220 .
 I recieved this phone for 50 bucks with a 2 year contract and wow this is just terrible . I 'll start with the few pros , there is a good deal of features but nothing that lg or samsung phones do n't have . Now the cons , the camera is fuzzy overall bad , there is a very low amount of memory . usb driver costs a whopping 50 dollars from cingular , so transferring the pics is a big wallet drainer.The battery meter is terrible , it indicates 4 bars out of 4 then goes 1 hour later to one bar . It completely defeats the purpose of having a meter . U ca n't record ur voice and use it as a ringtone . Coverage is terrible on Cingular 's gsm network , number of dropped calls is amazing with this phone . -LRB- I live in CT -RRB- Now for the worst part of this phone that should make u not buy this , whenever there is a ring , data exchange of any kind , the phone creates extreme disturbance with nearby electronic devices . Particularly speakers , if you like music , forfeit this phone , the crackling increases the amp volume and eventually kills your speakers . My brand new harmon kardon speakers for example , were victims of this , now the right tweeter continues to make a constant crackling sound , Not only is this phone terrible as phone , it manages to ruin the speakers of my house . I had to unplug my intercom system because of this thing . The crackling sound is a very annoying high pitch problem . Even if your volume is set low , it manages to increase the amp volume . At this point , I do n't even know if this is legal for a cell phone . If u get this phone , get a lawyer while ur at it .
 This phone is the worst . Cingular gave it to me for free . I got what I paid for . It turns off randomly . The screen is way too small . The camera is a joke . And the menus are very akward . Ca n't download pictures because they did n't supply a CD or drivers . When I asked the guy at Cingular about this - he said you had to e-mail them to your computer . But , of course , they charge for the e-mail . Forget it ... . I want my Nokia back ...
 I have had this phone for 6 months and it has been nothing but trouble . I have Cingular service and they have replaced this phone 3 times for me - with the same phone - V220 . It drops calls EVERY time I try to use it . It is really frustrating . Now they are telling me to turn it off every day for 3 minutes in order to receive upgrades ... this is n't working either . I am now looking to BUY a Nokia phone . I never had any problems with my old Nokia phone .
 If you 're looking for a good quality picture phone I would n't recommend this phone . If you want to see if you 're battery is charged or if you have a full signal I would n't recommend it . The screen is waaay tooo small and the picture quality is horrible . My husband picked up the phone for me after I told him I wanted it . I played with the phone for about an hour and then decided it had to go back . I took it back and paid the extra money for the motorola v551 which is da bomb all around !! Oh yeah , Motorola instruction booklets are the worst !
 I paid to `` upgrade '' to this cameraphone a year ago . I can say it has worked , but that is about it . The camera is so low quality that it might as well not be on the phone . Memory capacity is very low , so you wo n't get many shots either . MP3 ringtone support is a joke - they want you to buy additional software just to have that feature -LRB- though there 's now a free alternative -RRB- . Pros : MP3 RingtonesUSB PortExternal displayGood battery lifeCons : Ringer not loud enoughFinish easily scratchedCamera quality poorReception poorScreen contrast poorPhone sometimes disconnects and screen goes blank.Sometimes calls do n't ` ring through ' even when you have 5 bars .
 We have three Motorola V220 phones and two of the three have been replaced due to defects . Not a good record since we 've only had them 6 months . The problems did start when the phones were about 4 months old so they were still under warranty . I 'm anxiously awaiting the anniversary of my contract with Cingular so I can get new phones and am hoping the new models on the market are more reliable than the V220.The color screen is small -LRB- 1 '' x 1 '' -RRB- but is clear and has decent color . The smallness is not a factor unless you play the JAVA games on this phone . Many of those games will have the bottoms cut off and can make for frustrating game play . You can choose a variety of downloadable games that will fit this small screen , however , so it 's just a matter of finding what works . The screen is also hard to read in bright sunlight conditions , which could be a factor with most phones.Setup is not as simple as on previous cell phones I 've had . Reading the owner 's manual is a must and the instructions are not straightforward at times ! I found I had to call technical support to get a few of my questions answered -LRB- Cingular tech support was very nice and accommodating -RRB- . The Motorola V220 comes with a built-in VGA camera with 4x zoom and has 640 x 480 pixels . There is no flash , so adequate lighting is necessary and often times the picture comes out grainy . The phone holds quite a few of these pictures in memory . An additional accessory that you might want to consider purchasing is the USB cable that will enable you to download your pictures onto your computer . If you have a problem with the phone , you 'll lose your pictures - they are not saved to the SIM card but saved to the phone 's memory . We 've lost quite a few pictures due to the problems we 've encountered.The V220 also has Multimedia Messaging Service , which allows sending and receiving of pictures , animations , wallpaper , icons and ring tones . But there are additional charges on this feature . Even with the extra charges , these are nice features.This phone also comes with the basics - like the ability to text message , date book and phonebook synchronization to help organize your life , and a browser that allows for surfing the web . Phone book capacity is 500 . The design of the V220 is excellent even though quality is lacking . It 's a lightweight , clamshell type of phone , so you can easily carry it in your pocket without problems . The number pad and navigation keys are a bit on the small size so those with large hands may have difficulty using it . The fixed antenna is sturdy and I have n't heard of anyone encountering a problem with it breaking like some with more flimsy antenna.Now the bad part - this phone has a bad reputation for screen problems . We 've had two of the phones replaced and one replacement phone exchanged . All of them had screen issues . Either the screen would go completely blank or it would act like a disco ball and blink . During the time when the phone would be acting up , it would be next to impossible to place or receive a call . When I tried calling the number I would get a `` Network Failure '' error . When I tried making a call from the phone , it would give a `` Network Busy '' error . Very frustrating.Cingular has replaced the defective phones at no charge because they are under warranty . I 'm just worried about what happens when they are no longer covered . So how many more phones do they need to replace before they figure out it would be cheaper to get me a different model?Bottom line
 After owning 2 Nokia phones for over 4 years and never having a problem with either of them , when my plan was up this time the Cingular rep recommended I go with the Motorola V220 due to the value and features . I have been nothing but disappointed . The first phone I got did not hold a charge , so I took it back within a few days and had it replaced . The second one had a distorted screen , so I replaced that one also . The third one had horrible reception and a crackling noise in the background , so I had that replaced . Finally the fourth one they gave me seemed to be fine ... for about 2 months . Then the screen started fading in and out , and finally went black altogether . I never dropped it and always carried it in a padded case . Cingular replaced it with another V220 -LRB- now the 5th one in 2 months -RRB- and this one was also not working properly as it would not flip completely shut so phone calls would still be connected when it was shut and the battery was being worn down rapidly . FINALLY , they decided I had been through enough and they are sending me an upgraded V551 . I am still not happy about this , though , because I do n't have any faith in Motorola phones at this point . I 'll have to see how the V551 is before I make a judgement , but I can tell you that the V220 is awful . It is very difficult to use and the users manual is worthless . I ca n't wait until my service contract is up so I can go with another provider and another phone .
 I just received my second replacement for this phone in 6 months.I got this phone because I wanted a cheap phone that had the speakerphone feature . This one fit the bill.The camera really does n't work very well , but that does n't bother me too much . The problem with this phone is that every three months something goes wrong with it and I have to get a replacement . My friend has the same problem with a different model of Motorola phone.I just hope that this replacement lasts longer than the last one .
 I ordered this phone and was pretty unhappy with it . The address book does n't let you add multiple numbers to one contact , it simply makes two entries for that contact . The menus were difficult to navigate . I returned the phone within one day.What followed was even worse . I was an AT&T ; customer -LRB- now Cingular -RRB- . For a month after my return I attempted to upgrade to another phone , only be transferred , told to go online , told to go to the store , told to call , etc. . In one month of trying to work with Cingular , not ONE single solitary person helped me in any way . I was finally told I needed to just keep my current phone because they could n't figure out how to upgrade me.Today I left Cingular and I 've never been happier . By far the worst customer service I have encountered in any industry .
 I recently bought the v220 when when I renewed my contract because I thought I wanted a cute little flip-phone , but I am sorely missing my old , standard Nokia . The reception is n't too bad but I 've found the v220 's usability and functionality to be horrible and its user manual to be worse . It does n't do a lot of basic things my old Nokia did and what it does do takes too many steps to get to . I pretty much hated it from minute one , but decided to give it some more time to see if I got used to it . But now , to the point : Pros : - multiple alarms-mp3 ringtones-multimedia messaging-customizable shortcuts and home keys-standard data portCons : - VERY confusing for a first-time user ; original setup is not logical-awful manual ; missing some instructions and many it has are just plain wrong-menus upon menus upon menus-causes MAJOR interference with speakers -LRB- mine does so with any speakers I 'm around , and not just before and during calls , but on almost an hourly basis -RRB- - outside buttons are too easy to push , causing problems like changed ring type and erasure of missed calls notice -LRB- keyslock does not help , as it just displays `` enter unlock code '' and you do n't get a missed calls display at all -RRB- - occasionally changes assigned ringtones to `` none '' -LRB- funny joke , Motorola -RRB- , and so calls from that person are missed-small screen/hard to read -LRB- visibility goes to almost zero in sunlight -RRB- - vibrate option is not very powerful-speakerphone is awful-volume in general is low -LRB- rings , speaker , everything -RRB- - comes with no good rings-very low amount of memory-I 'm sure there are more , as I find something new to complain about every day , but everything else escapes me for nowEdit
 I would not recomend this piece of garbage to anyone . I originally bought this phone through cingular , and it was a giant step forward from my older nokia . About 3 months into the contract , the battery stop charging , would not charge with a wall charger or car charger . Cingular sent me a new one at no cost to me as it was still under warrantee . second one came in , and had horrible reception everywhere but the cingular store -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- Returned that one , got a third one . once again , horrible reception . Long story short , the phone is in many pieces now and i purchased a nokia and love it . I definitley would not recomend this phone to anyone with anger mangement issues , all kidding aside , this phone is horrible .
 I would give this company a `` zero '' if possible . I have a family plan with four lines . I am repeatedly billed for calls I never made . The first time I called them , they told me they could n't do anything about it ! Two of the four phones we use are absolute crap . They have already charged my $ 150.00 to replace the v220 that I had recieved for `` free . '' No wonder Consumer Reports ranks them at the bottom of service and quality . I regret having chosen this company but am unfortunately stuck with them for another 18 months . I will never come back to this company again . Pick another phone and another company .
 All the bad things said about this phone , believe them . My Cingluar service is great because I live in a city so I have wonderful reception . My first phone with Cingular ever was a Motorola V180 . I had to call in warrantee on it at least 5 times before I went on ebay and bought a Motorola V220 cheap . After the screen went , the camera was n't working properly , my phone went directly to voicemail , text messages were n't coming in , and I could n't make out going calls a warrantee was called in to replace the phone.I 've had this phone replaced FOUR TIMES . Cingular is now giving me another crappy phone -LRB- this time LG -RRB- because they realize how many issues I 've had with the V220 . All I want is an upgrade on a phone that WORKS.All the good looking things of this Motorola V220 might tempt you to buy this phone and the bad things would be countered with the good things . But this is deceiving !!! Every single one of the 5 V220 's I 've gotten have had the same issues : - drop calls about 90 % of the time-calls went directly to voicemail even after it was set up to ring-didn ' t receive text messages even after the boxes were emptied-camera stops working after taking 4 or so pictures-took forever to get ringtones uploaded from online onto the phone , then the phone would n't play ringtones-caller ID NEVER WORKED-speed dialing was iffy-about 90 % of out going calls could NOT BE MADEFind another phone , please !
 Horrible phone - drops at least 15 % of all calls , does n't ring all the time , software glitchy and crashes . I have had two separate v220s with the same problems . Do n't get motorola . I miss my old grayscale denon candybar from sprint ...
 It has a washed out screen and has absolutly no camera features . Even in broad daylight , The pictures were dark and hard to see . The one games that is on there is extremely confusing and pointless to play.When it first arrived at my house it had to charge for 3 days before we cold do anything to it . I dropped it on the table on accident and the cover came of as the battery did too . It is NOT reliable in any way shape or form . It is a piece of junk and $ $ $ $ $ A BIG WAIST OF MONEY$ $ $ $ YOu could get a better phone for free !
 I have two of these phones . We recieved them for free with our calling plan . One does not hold a charge and we were unable to get it replaced . I brought it to the store and was told to mail it back . I called to get the address and was told to bring it to a store nearby . I brought it back to the store and was told they could not replace it . I was told that this is a known problem with this phone .
 I 've had this phone for almost a year , and while I was disappointed with the phone when it arrived -LRB- it was super cheap when we extended our contract -- something else that we 're not going to do again -RRB- , it served my purpose for the most part . However , I have found that reception is absolutely HORRIBLE . I live in east Tennessee , hello ! we have mountains ! I never had a problem with reception on my old phone and it was with the same carrier . Now , I do n't get reception along a MAJOR highway which I drive frequently . God forbid that my car break down and I need to make a phone call ! Recently -LRB- like , within the past week -RRB- , the screen has gone out for no reason . I have n't dropped the phone -- I do n't even use it that often because 90 % of the time when I finally have time to make a phone call on it , I do n't have reception . Case in point , I have over 1,000 rollover minutes and have used a grand total of 1 minute on my cell phone plan this month . I could deal with the crappy ringtones , the pathetic pictures , the menus upon menus upon menus , the quietness of the cell phone ring -LRB- if it 's in a purse or something , forget about hearing it ring -- even on its loudest setting -RRB- , but I ca n't handle crappy quality and an essential waste of my money when I ca n't use my phone . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE ! Parents , I know that it 's Cingular 's GoPhone , but pick another company and get a different cell phone -- do n't waste your hard-earned money on this piece of crap .
 This phone was a huge dissapointment . The screen is small and you can barely hear any of the ring tones . Even though you can set up the quick keys to your liking nothing seems accessible because the phone is really cramped.Perhaps a person with dainty hands and lot of time to navigate through the sub-standard menu navigtion would love this phone . I do not.The camera does take decent shots with adequate lighting.I was a faithful Motorola customer ...
 When I first bought my cell phone , the battery life was great . I could go for many days without charging . When my phone started acting up , I bought this new battery . Now I can only go one or two days without charging . I do n't talk much , so most of the battery power is used for the phone to be on . I have n't figured out if the cell phone companies are making their phones so they only last about a year so you have to renew your contract to get a new phone , or if the new battery I got was junk . You make the call . I guess I bought the cheapest cell phone battery I could find , maybe you get what you pay for.Who knows ! I am just trying to make it to the end of my cell phone contract to switch service providers without a fee . Maybe I will go back to my old battery .
 Battery performance is very bad ... I dont think battery is original.Every day I have to charge it .
 I purchased this headset for a family member on my calling plan . I wish there had been more pictures of the product available because afer I bought it I was terrible dissapointed with the quality of materials . It is made of very hard plastic with a rigid ear piece that is extremely difficult to put on quicky and is very uncomfortable . Call quality is mixed at best . I was embarrassed when they took it out of the box for a first look . My advice - buy your bluetooth headsets someplace you can actually see and touch them and be able to return them more easily .
 The piece that goes around your ear is hard , uncomfortable , and difficult to get on and off , the ear piece its self is not loud enough , and I found that the sound fades in and out . I would not waste my money on this , I am taking mine back .
 WELL WHEN I GOT THE ITEM IT WAS N'T WORKING AND I HAD TO SEND IT BACK AND I HAVE YET TO GET A NEW ITEM TO REPLACE THE ONE I PAID FOR OR A REFUND TO PAY ME BACK FOR THE ITEM THAT I GOT THAT DID NOT WORK .
 This is the first and only Bluetooth I purchased . The reception and microphone is good indoors and out . I could never get it to feel comfortable on my ear . The answer , on/off button is in a very awkward position . The ear piece kept loosing connection with my phone -LRB- Samsung A900 -RRB- and it was depleting the phone battery very fast , so by the end of the day I had no battery left , even if I used the ear piece for only two hours a day . I stopped using it after two months .
 I Have owned one about 2 months , have had the use of it for about 1 month . After 30 days , the rubber ear cone fell of . A .25 cent item , but it required sending in the entire headset . After about three weeks , I recieved a replacement , but it was dead on arrival , no amount of charging would make it work . Of course I found this out on a friday after Samsung had closed for the weekend . Thier online repair request site does not work . It cost $ 8.00 to mail the first headset in , I 'm sure they will insist I pay to mail back thier defective replacement , although I am going to put forth my best argument . I have read similar stories on other review sites . You best bet is to avoid this headset , avoid Samsung altogether . Spend a few extra dollars and get a Motorola . Just another note , Samsungs shipping policy requires that you sign for the item inperson , not your family , wife , or room mate , and since you 'll have no idea when the package will arrive , you will certainly miss the first delivery , and have to probably miss work waiting for the second . That policy alone justifies the cost of a more reliable and customer service friendlier company 's headset .
 After using this device for a few months , I gave up on it because it went bad - barely audible at the highest volume setting and intermittent connections - not just with my cell phone , but also my PC . Also , the rubber earpiece ripped and I could not find a replacement , rendering it unusable . I am disappointed and have lowered my initial rating of 4 stars . Went with a Panasonic wired over-the-head headset - for my work use , it proved more comfortable , had better sound quality , was cheaper and convenient to use ! ` nuff said.ORIGINAL REVIEW
 I got this piece a while ago and it was a decent buy . I could have gotten a universal headpiece and paid close to the same price , I 'd advise anyone to do the same.After a while , the wear caused the headpiece for the ear to stretch out of place and it constantly fell off my ear in the middle of a conversation . Very annoying . The sound also went in and out sometimes .
 This is a terrible terrible terrible charger for the iphone.I ordered two because it was so cheap -LRB- shipping actually costs more -RRB- . After a day of usage both the chargers developed the exact same problem . When connected to the iphone , the iphone started making beeping sounds as if it was continuously being connected and then disconnected from the charger . The charging and not charging icons kept showing up in quick repetition on the iPhone screen . It would have probably ruined the phone itself if I kept trying to connect it for too long.Yeah well - you 've been warned . Save your couple of bucks , more importantly save yourself the wait and the eventual disappoint that you will inevitably face if you order this junk .
 My wife had one of these for two years and it came apart at one of the swivel joints in the handle . I purchased a replacement ... which came apart at a swivel joint after only one day . The vendor kindly sent another , which also has a swivel joint that looks pretty suspicious ... time will tell .
 I ordered a replacement extended life battery but it did not work at all . Despite charging it overnight , it retained no power whatsoever and was completely useless to me . I tried charging it again but to no use so I returned it .
 I normally do n't do reviews , but this is one product I feel the need to write about . I have always bought cheap earpieces because they seem to last at least 6 months before I have to replace them which is fine . This particular one worked for 3 days before it broke . I could n't hear anyone and they could n't hear me , it wound up in the trash . Even though its inexpensive , do n't waste your money . .
 Not a bad little phone but , the headphones it came with were useless -LRB- the input jack is where one of the earpieces should be and vice versa -RRB- , this does n't matter because the phone has no place to plug in earphones !!!! Also the slot for the memory card is too big for the card . . I would send it back but after waiting a month while it came from Hong Kong , I 'll just deal with it and eventually buy something else
 please note
 This product was cute , but did not fit the phone well . The snaps were very hard to get clicked together . We got it on the phone , but one side refused to click . It lasted about 2 months until it broke .
 This is the worst PDA ever made ! The upper left button which is the most used button will not work . There is no way to turn off the lock feature either , so if your lock button does n't work , no way to use your phone unless someone calls you . When my first one did this , I exchanged for another one and this one ended up doing the same thing . The missed calls are in no particular order , so you can not tell who just called you . The normal features that you take for granted on any cell phone do n't work that way on this phone .
 This phone would be excellent only if you could actually talk using the phone . The features of windows 5.0 are excellent but the phone has very poor reception . Its not the carrier , its the phone because other phones with the same carrier worked fine . Cingular does not know how to make good phones . They should stick to wireless services .
 I will keep this review brief because every other review points out all of the very good , and very valid features of the 2125 . In fact , I agree with just about every positive comment ever made - this is the best phone I have ever owned . EXCEPT FOR ONE VERY MAJOR DESIGN FLAW
 I have to agree with JRCAPO wholeheartedly and add that the navigation key most of the time does something else especially when you press it down and mine has frozen a couple of times . Since it was my first PDA phone I thought I needed to get used to it . Do n't make my mistake it sucks . Do n't get it . It still calls people while on lock in its case and goes on the internet wasting my free minutes . I could go on and on .
 I bought this phone almost 2 years ago now . I like the screen and the size of the phone . It even comes with a nice carry case that clips onto your belt . But the problems are just too aggravating .1 . I added a memory card since I was getting e-mails and constantly getting `` your device is low on memory '' . Then I found out that the e-mails wo n't go to the memory card and there is no way to change this setting .2 . The clock never updates . So when you travel across time zones you will have the incorrect time . Also if the time changes due to daylight savings time you will have the wrong time as well . You are forced to manually change the time . No patch for this or anything .3 . The joystick button takes a VERY long time to get used to . Even then it often is flaky in recognizing which way you intended to point the joystick . This especially sucks since you have to use the joystick a whole lot .4 . No auto button lock . When you manually lock the buttons the answer and ignore buttons do not lock . So if you have the phone in the carry case and someone calls you ... . good luck getting it out of the case before you bump the buttons and either answer or `` ignore '' the call .5 . Occasionally it will slow down when you try to switch from one feature to another -LRB- like e-mail or whatever -RRB- like it 's `` thinking '' . Sometimes for only a few seconds , other times for as much as 20 or more seconds rendering the phone useless until it `` catches up '' with whatever it is doing.So once again I am looking for a better phone . However reading reviews on the new crop of phones does not look too promising .
 My title says it all . I think that the design of the phone is great . Like other reviewers have mentioned , I did not want a full-blown PDA . I want a small phone that also has `` smart '' features . However , the reception is horrible . I ca n't use the phone from work or from several other places in my small town . The free phone I received when signing up with Cingular gets full reception everywhere . The other problem is that the joystick barely works . I have to try several times every time I try to access any function . Thus the smart features are also a BIG pain to use because of the frustration of the joystick .
 Got an error message when I tried to use the battery
 First they sent me the wrong battery , which was annoying ... But , when I emailed them , they sent me the right one almost immediately , which was nice ... But the new battery appears to have no capacity either . It seems to be worse than the one I replaced . I do n't know if they sent me a dud , or if the problem is really with my phone itself.I 'll probably have to take it to the store now and let them check it with a verifiably new battery . This is the problem with mail order from Amazon Marketplace vendors .
 Great idea but the yellow/green light on the unit kept flashing alternating colors and the Nano screen flashed on and off -LRB- not what it does when connected to a computer USB port -RRB- Nothing in the instructions and no web support .
 This item sucks . I bought this hoping I would be able to charge my Zen Microphoto . While it lights up and looks like it is charging , in fact my Zen Microphoto will not charge with this item . I do not know what products it will work with ; but I know for a fact it will not work with the Zen Microphoto . What a waste of money . Great design , poor performance . = -LRB-
 The AC portion of my Zip Linq Power Adapter never worked . I only used it -LRB- read
 I like the design and function of the device . But it does not work for charging Ipods . So I returned it .
 I bought two of these plastic shell casings - one for myself and my one for my son . They appeared sturdy and I liked the idea that they were clear so that you could still see the color of the phone . Within one week , my son 's clip broke . Since I did not use the clip on mine , he traded with me and took mine . That one did not last a week either . Although the casing has worked fine , the clip is made cheaply and does not last . If you do not need a clip , I still do not recommend it because you will have a protruding piece on the back of the casing where you would insert the clip .
 The product was ok . It did a nice job of covering the phone but the clip on the back broke off after a couple of months of normal use . You can still use the shield but becomes much less useful .
 Okay ... I have had this phone for over a year and these are my perrels with this good-features crappy-designed phone.-Atenna
 Pros : Lots of directory capacity -LRB- 300 entries -RRB- Voice dialing works well with most normally spelled names , but names that are not usual English words , abbreviations , etc. are not understood by the phone , and are unrecognizable when the phone tries to read back these directory entries.The `` Back '' function works well for getting out of any menu drill-down . Color display looks good indoors and in the dark -LRB- but not in sunlight - see below -RRB- . Allows some user customizable functions.Cons : The phone seems to experience frequent reception difficulty including excessive audio clicking . The signal strength seems to read lower -LRB- less than two bars out of five -RRB- in areas of the city that were four out of five bars or better on my last phone -LRB- Qualcomm Q-phone -RRB- . The phone has very choppy reception if the signal strength is less than two bars out of five.The display can not be read in the sunlight - the display just goes dark . Shading the display with your hand does not help . The battery drains very fast -LRB- in approximately three hours -RRB- when the phone is open and the display is set to `` Always Illuminated '' . The phone is VERY SLOW to do things
 This phone is crap , I 'm sorry . I had the VGA 1000 which I was very satisfied with . I lost the phone and got the A600 as a replacement.The 1st thing that disappointed me was it has no external screen . If u want to know who 's calling , u have to have a specific ringtone assigned or flip it open to see.The screen thingy swivels at a 180 degree angle but it wound up detaching itself to the point where the screen would not work . Another thing that pissed me off was that the charger would n't stick in . I had to prop the phone upright so that it could charge . How ghetto is that ?! I replaced that phone and wanted to get a VGA1000 again but under the equiptment replacement program , i could only get what was in stock . How convenient . Another A600 was sent to me and the same thing happened again ! I did n't even swivel it but it detached on its own . I started noticing how the screen would start to die on me . I would press a button and nothing would happen on the screen . Sometimes I would unintentionally call a person . The flip thingy was so loose , u could shake it and it would rattle . Sooo ghetto.Horrible battery life , takes forever to charge . Quite cumbersome due to the large internal screen but it should at least have an external screen to make up for it . Also , if u let the phone drop , even a small bang , the battery goes flying . The button to release the battery is too easy to push.Dont ' get this phone . It is flimsy and will only give you headaches . Get a VGA100 which shares the same easy menu but has an external screen .
 Yes , the camera function is nice . But not worth theprice they 're getting for this phone , considering theother drawbacks.One , as another customer said , the reception onthis phone is terrible . The worst I 've had on anycell phone I 've ever had , bar none.The revolving face-plate makes the phone somewhatcumbersome and the faceplate scratches too easilyin my opinion ; especially when you actually USE yourphone and carry it with you at all times . Despite mybest efforts , my faceplate was scratched withinabout two weeks and no amount of polishing hashelped.It 's hard to hear from this phone , something aboutthe design of the earpiece I feel like I 've alwaysgot the phone somehow in the wrong position onmy ear , but however I change it , I still ca n'thear from the phone well.Again as another customer stated , the phone takesforever to do things . Definitely an exercise in patience.An `` okay '' phone , but in my opinion not at allworth the amount of money I had to pay for it.I like Samsung products in general , but this onecould surely use some improvement !
 I bought this as a replacement for a fading battery . It fits into a different phone , apparently . The orientation is exactly opposite of that of my phone . Very disappointed , but the hassle and cost of the return is not worth it to me .
 This headset is pretty bad - the speaker is way too weak and is muffled -LRB- like the free headsets you get on airplanes -RRB- .
 Buyers beware this will NOT work on the iPhone , I even called them to double check and they said `` If it is in the description it will work . '' This is the 3rd one of these I have bought that did n't work . I wish these retailers would know their products better .
 this product stinks -- first , it has a rubber cover that does n't even fit the phonesecond-the plastic hard cover falls off when you pick upthe phone -- utterly useless product
 Dont like this product ! It doesnt fit my phone like it should so it doesnt protect it !! On the up side ... this thing got to my house the very next day !!! So 5 stars for delivery 2 stars for the product .
 Very bad quality , not even look like the photo , The cover barely fits the phone . Material is very poor.Regret that I purchased it
 I bought this case cause I just needed one so I didnt care . I wish I had n't because even though its big and protective the hard plastic outer is always falling off and slipping and it presses the buttons . It just is n't a good quality case .
 Rather than spend 6 bucks on one of the real inexpensive , silicon cases , I figured I would spend a few extra dollars for better protection for the Galaxy Note.This case consists of 2 layers , silocon/rubber inside w / a polycarbonate-outer shell . The outside shell was defective -LRB- which indicates poor quality control -RRB- The outer shell had a `` twist '' in the plastic to the point of it would not even stay attached to the phone.Don ' t waste your money ... If your going to buy good protection for your Galaxy Note , spend the extra money and get the Otterbox Defender . You wo n't regret .
 Case do n't fit properly in my international galaxy note n7000 ... : - -LRB- Do n't buying if you are owner of Galaxy Note N7000
 This useless item was bought on the assumption that it was a replacement of my original battery.This useless battery is less than half the power of the original.Buyer beware ! Amazon should try harder to ensure that when they are fronting organisations like Batteries.com that their customers are not shipped a piece of rubbish like this .
 This item DID NOT FIT my HTC Cingular 3125 phone . It ALMOST fit , which make it about as useful as ... well a charger you can ALMOST plug into your phone . Unfortunately I did not discover the defect until past the return policy date . Thankfully it was cheap enough it is mainly just an annoyance , but I 'd hate for others to waste the money on shipping like I did .
 the case is quite poor quality , delivery is poor ... everything is poor . they even tried to persuade me not to put negative review for these item in return for 50 % of my shipping fee ... POOR !
 Product was n't holding on well to the phone and made the phone even more cumbersome ... Sorry , I would n't recommend this to anyone ...
 Really dont thik anyone should buy this , was very happy to see that when my case arrived there were no broken parts n everything came as stated . Upon trying to fit it on it became apparent that it wud not fit , the case comes with 5 clips for fitting -LRB- 3 on one side , 2 on the other -RRB- only 1 clip fits perfectly , and the others fit okay , 1 doesnt fit at all and can not clasp , this 1 clip throws off the rest of the case makin it quite uncomfortable to work with . Do yourself a favor n do not by this , ur better off with a silicone case , like wat i am reverting to .
 Do n't like this Bluetooth . The piece that goes in your ear is not a good fit at all . I 've owned a different bluetooth -LRB- that broke -RRB- which fit snuggly in the ear even while moving around . The sound quality on the other end is also not very good .
 Noise canceling makes a huge difference in sound quality , this does not have it so the sound quality is marginal . The fit kinda sucks too .
 I really did n't like this product , i could never hear anything . And if you wanted to do anything while wearing this you had to be careful ! It would just flop around on my ear .
 The H500 was recommended to me by the Verizon salesman who I now think was just trying to get me in and out as quickly as possible . I must be one of those people who 's ear this thing just doens ' t fit right because I ca n't get it to stay put . It wobbles around like its going to fall off and drives me crazy . The volume is fine when I hold it against my ear but I prefer not to have to walk around looking like a Secret Service agent . Definitely try it on before you buy .
 I had this product for a very short amount of time , in the interest of fairness I will say the sound quality was great and loved the comfort of the set . This was a purchase for a new home office . Loved the features listed to pick up calls remotely , adjust volume and great distance from the base . My only complaint and reason for returning it , is that the unit by itself is not completely wireless . After I received it I learned I had to have a headset lifter device to get it to answer using the headset , when I heard `` simply purchase the add on and tape it to the phone '' I decided this product was not the one for me . If you have a commercial land line this would be a great product . If looking to add on to a standard personal phone -LRB- home office -RRB- , be prepared to tape the lifter to your phone .
 Wireless is wireless - the product review state good receiption I beleive up to 300 ft. This headset when in a range that it likes works well , but as soon as you are about 100 ft away the receiption gets poor continuously cutting out so you miss half the conversation . If you plans are to use this product in the same room as the base set - it 's good , but not recommended for someone wanting to travel around the house or offices .
 Tried to set up with Cisco SPA525G2 phone , but it did not work at all -LRB- the phone did work with another model of Plantronics headset . -RRB- After 12 days of confirmed returning of the device , still have not received any indication for refund .
 The first set I ordered was defective -LRB- you could n't hear any sound coming through the mouthpiece -RRB- . So , I returned and requested a replacement - same problem . When I decided to just get my money back and try a different option I had to pay a `` restocking fee '' . Lesson learned ; buy your sensitive electronics locally where you have some recourse to test the item before taking it home -LRB- and racking up a restocking fee -RRB- .
 I bought this to replace aPanasonic DECT 6.0-Series Dual-Handset Cordless Phone System with Answering System -LRB- KX-TG1032S -RRB- that I use with a wired dual headphone headset attached to the phone . I wanted to get something I could walk around with without having a cord snagging on things.A little background for my use : I work at home , in a basement office located on the back side of my house . The home has aluminum siding -LRB- not the great for radio signals to get in or out of -RRB- and is about 2,000 square feet . I often need to talk on the phone outside in the back yard in a storage shed -LRB- mini warehouse -RRB- that 's about 10 feet away from the basement window where the home office is located . I also will occasionally go out front to the mailbox while I 'm on the phone as well -LRB- mailbox is about 30 feet from the front of the house -RRB- and sometimes I 'll also need to go in the garage while talking on the phone.I 'm on the phone pretty much all day or have it attached to me all day so I can take calls from customers . Typically , cordless phone is on my hip , headset around my neck , cord between . You get the picture . I was really excited to try this thing out.The Good : - Sound quality is good - Comfort is adequate -LRB- after 6-7 hours I had to re-adjust it -RRB- - It is cordless and with an included lifter works great ! - The ringer on it was pleasant - Customers indicated they could hear me clearly - Battery life seems adequate for a full day 's work -LRB- 6-7 straight hours on the phone -RRB- - Easy to installThe Bad : - Range was HORRIBLE !! -LRB- see below -RRB- - The `` getting close to out of range '' warning is n't soon enough - It crackled & popped and struggled to find a signal - It would lose signal walking outside the house or even down the hallMore on above : Range in the house : I let it fully charge up -LRB- overnight plus about 5 hours the day before -RRB- before I tried it . While in my office within about 5 feet of the device , it worked great ! If I walked down the hall -LRB- about 30-40 feet -RRB- , it 'd start to beep the `` warning
 this is a one year product , i bought over 8 of them , after one year , they just stop working for many reasons , contacted plantronic , they asked to ship it back for low price replacement , after i sent it back , they asked me to pay $ 180 for a new one , really ! so i end up not buying it they kept my broken one , sounds like a deal -LRB- for them -RRB-
 `` We have been involved with this product and the manufacturer , Southwest Windpower , from the mid 90 's . Initially the manufacturer -LRB- Southwest Windpower -RRB- had pottedregulators inside the nifty cast aluminum housing on their 303 wind-machines . After installation the machine ran great -LRB- except for the unbelievable noisefrom the blades -RRB- for about 2 weeks until the uncooled regulator overheated andself destructed . We were living off the grid in a very remote part of Samoa at the time and literally depended on the output from our wind turbines and solarpanels . We had a lot of experience with older types of permanent magnet windgenerators and spruce -LRB- wood -RRB- blades . Our older Redwing generators never gave usany trouble except for the necessity to periodically replace the brushes . Southwest Windpower was contacted after our early debacle and this was the beginning of many overseas phone calls and 99 email correspondence over 4 years , fightingwith them to stand behind their product and do some actual real world testingof their product . These people had a great idea but the bugs were not workedout and we were their unwitting test subjects . Jay Yaeger , Dave Snowberg , SeanHickey , Andy Cruz
 Please do n't waste your money on this leather phone case if you have the Nokia 3200 . It does n't fit . it 's too big .
 When used with a Sanyo Katana all you can do is manage your contacts . No interface for ringtones or wallpaper .
 This product does not work with the iPod Classic Generation 6 . These newer iPods are component video not composite . So , none of the older video out products will work . I am sure this product is fine for older iPods , but check before you buy .
 The title of the item is misleading , the label on the box states that it supports 1100 , 1261 , etc. , but no 1200 . When I plug it into my 1200 , the screen shows `` enhancemant not supported '' .
 The item shipped from AccessoryOne does not match the picture and does not work with the T-Mobile SDA phone.Beware of their policy : `` WE MAKE ABSOLUTELY NO CLAIMS OR GUARANTEES OF COMPATIBILITY BETWEEN DEVICES FOR ANY PRODUCTS WE SELL . The customer is solely responsible for ensuring product compatibility of any product they purchase . If a product is not compatible it is not our fault and we are not responsible . `` The original and return shipping and handling charge will NOT be refunded or reimbursed under all circumstances .
 If you want to download ringtones or send text messages , then this phone is not for you . If you need assessories or want to transfer your old contact information into the new G1000 phone , you want be able to do that either . However , if you are a business person and dont care about those features , excellent phone/pda .
 As good as this PDA phone could be , it is not worth having to deal with the idiots at Sprint ! After two weeks of trying to get Sprint to provide a working G1000 , they have completely failed . And this is on the top-of-the-line phone they sell!The first issue was that the phone is not carried in the walk-in stores , nor are any accessories . But the clerks are happy to make a bunch of false claims about what the phone would do before telling you that . Next was getting the first phone which would reset itself every 1-15 minutes . Despite this obvious fault that prevented Sprint from provisioning the thing , it took multiple calls to replace it . Then the replacement , remember their most expensive phone , also showed up with a fault that prevents connection to the Internet!Fed up after hours on multiple calls to Tech Support with empty promises to `` reprovision the phone over-night '' I called Customer Service for a final time . Despite clearly stating I wanted a Senior Supervisor to handle return and cancellation of all my accounts , the run-around continued . After clearly stating what was needed and that under no circumstances to transfer me to Tech Services again , they transferred me right back to the idiots who had just said they could n't figure out the problem!I 'm left looking for the number for the local Federal Attorney 's office to file a criminal fraud complaint . Then working through my credit card company to retract payment . Completely incompetent can only begin to describe Sprint !
 This ca n't be serviced by anyone ! No parts on this discontinued joke of a PC . No Batt life andno more are avail . It is a lousy phone . Difficult to access the mem card for use in any apps except backup . SprintPCS ca n't service it and they were the exclusive authorized source for it . If you know how to get batts for this less than $ 60 email me . allenbarker@hotmail.com
 I just replaced my second one of these . This second one never worked correctly but I didnt have time to take it in . It wasnt refurbished either . First off the OS needs to be upgraded but Hitachi is to cheap to authorize it . Let me tell you also that sprint is the worst cell company I 've ever dealt with . -LRB- ... -RRB- I wish I had time to go over all the problems with this phone . The only good thing about this thing if your interested is that everyone thinks your a star with this thing screw that I want something that last more than 2 months . Not to mention the camera sucks also
 I 've had this thing for 3 days so far , & spent most of today at the SPRINT PCS service center trying to get this monster working properly ! I wish I would 've read some of these reviews first ! After going through 3 Handspring Treo 600 's in 9 months , -LRB- No joke ! 2 broken ear speakers & 1 bad OS -RRB- I thought that this would be a Godsend . After spending the better part of today at the service center , I was told that they would have to send me another phone ! I immediately asked if it would be a reconditioned phone , & was told `` YES '' ... but it will still have a SIX month warrantee . My 3 day old phone came with a ONE YEAR WARRANTEE ! I said absolutely not!After much back & forth , I got them to agree to provide with a brand new unit of any manufacturer & price of MY choice when the new line of phones came out this fall . ... & yes , I got it in writting ! Dealing with them , or ANY carrier for that matter is at very best difficult . If you can keep your cool , & keep `` pressing in '' , you 'll eventually come across someone who has the ability to say `` YES '' , when all others have said no . Keep in mind that you do n't need to take `` NO '' from anyone who ca n't tell you `` YES '' . Good luck ! -LRB- & wish me luck too ! LOL ! -RRB-
 Why would you advertise a OEM Stereo Hands-Free Headset for the KRZR K1m when it does n't even work with the phone . I feel extremely ripped off when I order this product , got it , just to found it it does n't work and when you look around the web it seems like everybody else is having the same problems .
 The product came in a timely fashion , but the quality was terrible . It is hard plastic that has rough edges , so when you 're talking on the phone the rough edges scrap against your face and get 's caught on your hair . I returned the case and bought another case that was a little more money and it is a better case . They was no problem with the refund . I give the case 1 star , and the company 5 stars .
 The plastic began to crack within two days ... there is a thin strip of plastic above the usb/charger plugin that cracked in half almost immediately - and the thin piece above the camera also cracked and broke off.The seller told me -LRB- after the fact , of course -RRB- that by design clear plastic material is very weak.There are five very noticeable cracks after only a month of having the case - and I imagine it wo n't be too long until the completely crumbles.Not even worth the $ .01 I paid for it .
 I desperately needed a battery for my KRZR K1 . I ordered this only to find when it arrived that it is NOT the battery for a K1 and does not work , but rather is for the CDMA version of the KRZR , the K1m . As Wikpedia puts it
 I ordered one battery but , instead , received what was -LRB- according to the seller -RRB- the next version up ... The battery would only turn the phone on , but would not keep the phone on for more than 15 minutes -LRB- even after charging the battery day after day -RRB- . I called the seller and got the run-around about how they were doing me a favor by sending me this battery . Bottom line
 The image displayed for the product is BC50 , and if you see the details abt the product it mentions that this is for K1 - But this does not work with K1 -LRB- connector pins are on a different side -RRB- . Just want people to do more research before buying this product .
 This battery died/was DOA 5 month after I bought it as well as this company refused toSend me a replacement , would n't waste your time in getting one from them thanksReview for a : MOTOROLA NEXTEL OEM BATTERY BT50
 I was debating on whether to go straight to Motorola to purchase a new battery but thought that I would try and save some money and go this route ... seriously mistaken . The battery that I received does not even last 24 hours . I charged it when I received it , hoping that anything would be better than the original battery that I had , but had to continually charge it throughout the day in order to accept calls , etc. . . when I originally charged it , my battery reader indicated that it was fully charged at two bars -LRB- out of six -RRB- ... there is no way that it could have even been at two bars.If you are desperate for a battery , like me , go directly through Motoroloa as it will save you money in the long run.This review does not even deserve a 1 star . If there was an option for 0 stars , I would have picked it .
 I recently purchased a `` NEW '' battery for my cell phone . Got a GREAT price . It was just under $ 6.00 shipped . The battery I recieved had no more life than the battery it replaced ! You get what you pay for !
 Do not buy this crap the battery last for 2 months , Now it does not stay charged always plugging it in to charge it . Do not buy this jap crap .
 The battery does not fit T-Mobile Krazer Phones . I did not return it because the shipping cost more than the battery .
 I ordered this battery because I needed a replacement for my cell phone - the old battery only lasted about an hour . The old battery was a Motorola BT50 - just like the one shown in the picture . However , when I recieved the battery it was a BT51 instead . I 'm not sure what 's the difference . In any case , the batter was the same size and type like my old battery and it fit perfectly in my phone . I charged the battery for 24 hours so that it would get a good charge . This new battery lasts about 36 hours without needing a recharge and that 's without using the phone at all . This is disappointing . When I originally got the phone , it would last about 7 days without needing a recharge with light use -LRB- about 3 days with heavier use -RRB- . So again , I 'm not sure why this `` new '' battery only lasts about a day and a half . Is it because its not at BT50 ? Is it a used battery ? I do n't know . Hope you have more luck than I do . BTW , I have a Motorola KRZR phone - about 3 years old .
 I would love to rate this item but that would require for me to have recieved an item in the first place.Accesoryone has gave me nothing but trouble regarding my order & then threathned me by saying if I want a full refund I would have to retract my comment that I posted stating the problems that I was having with them.The bottomline is I will never order anything from this seller anymore !!!
 Bought this battery thinking I was getting a good deal . I was wrong . After paying a hefty shipping charge for an item that weighs practicly nothing , I recieve it and it wo n't hold a charge for more than a half day . Worse than the one I was replacing.Very disappointed !
 case works ok - collects a lot of dust kind of thoughbelt clip broke off after approximately 3 minutes of use
 These were good for about two weeks and then quit working . I couldnt even get it to charge my phone ! Plus , my battery was in good working condition up to the point when i used this charger and now my battery wont hold a charge as long anymore as it did even since two months ago . DO NOT BUY THESE CHEAP KNOCKOFFS !
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANYTHEY SENT THE WRONG PRODUCT AND I FEEL THEY ARE A SHADEY COMPANY TO SAY THE LEAST.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY
 It took a week and half to receive it - 3 days to get confirmation for the order only , and they ship by regular mail ; then there 's a single protective screen pre-cut in a plastic , it does n't cover well the whole screen surface -LRB- it 's about 1-2 mm narrower -RRB- and it 's very tough , hard to put it in place without drawing dust or leaving fingerprints underneath , I had to take it off immediately , then once removed from place it 's a waste .
 Annoying . Waited a while to get both a battery and charger from this company to try and use an old cell phone for my father and finally received the package - the charger was entirely wrong and I had to just use a different phone . The kicker
 I purchased this thinking Body Glove was a quality product , but after only a few months of use the interior clear plastic that covers the display screen came apart at the seams . Also , the clear plastic never seemed to stay in place while using the phone , it would always ride up and cover the receiver/speaker ; you would have to either constantly push it back down so that you could hear the other caller or take it off altogether .
 My son used this charger once for Sony W600 and when he tried to unplug it from his phone it broke . The end that plugged into his phone came apart . I feel that the $ 9 we spent was a waste and it is not worth paying for postage to get a new one .
 After a month of use , the charger connector broke . Luckily , the broken piece was easy enough to pull out of my phone.The connector appears to be `` snapped '' together using friction-tabs instead of glue or screws . I suspect all of these chargers will eventually suffer from problems .
 I bought 2 of these , and one of them stopped working after 2 months for no apparent reason . The light still comes on , but it does not charge the phone . Another annoyance is that it needs to be firmy and almost forcefully pushed into the cigarette lighter adapter . The slightest movement can loosen it , and you wo n't know until you find later that your phone is not charged . Like many other cell phone accessories , with this one you get what you pay for when you go with generic non-OEM products .
 I just got back from a week away -LRB- in the US -RRB- and this charger failed to charge my phone the entire trip . I tried several different outlets and the best it would do was power the phone on to make calls , but as soon as I unplugged it , the phone died . This is not a Samsung charger and I do n't think it is truly compatible with this phone.When I got home and used my real Samsung charger , the phone charged right up and held the charge for days .
 This phone charger did n't even charge my phone and when I took the charger out of the wall the prongs broke off into the outlet !
 Pushing a Blackberry Pearl into this case , ALL the keys are pushed and almost impossible to remove from case . Worthless for this phone . Case returned .
 Looks great but ergonomically it is a failure . Major issue is difficult to take the phone in or out , case lining came out in a month . Waste of money !!
 It 's unfortunate that this otherwise sleek and snug case is marred by one glaring flaw
 Purchased one the thing was broken when I got it . Amazon gave me another after I returned it . Broke again within a week . Manufacture and Amazon should be ashamed on providing such a cheap item .
 I bought this item and it arrived in a poorly packaged sleeve -LRB- with no label or company name -RRB- . That was my first indication that something was wrong . The item does n't turn off when the car is parked so it will drain your battery if you do n't remove it -LRB- inconvenient -RRB- . I used it in my car for about 2 - 3 months until it randomly stopped working . As a final `` see ya , sucker ! '' move , it blew a fuse in my car -LRB- the lighter fuse where it was plugged in -RRB- so I had to fix that as well.Don ' t waste your money . Just use a regular charger at home or find a real website that 's selling this model .
 I purchased this charger 5 months ago and it has already failed , destroying my V3 's spare battery in the process . I would rate it 0 stars if it was possible.I 'm out $ 30 for the charger and one battery . Amazon would not stand behind it 's product . They offer a partial refund of my purchase price if I ship it back and they will not replace the battery . I do n't think 5 months is a reasonable lifespan for this type of product.I recommend you do not purchase this product . I will go to Walmart next time .
 My Razr started to play funny games on me . Seems like sometimes it refuses to charge my batteries ... So I decided to buy something extra to charge the batteries without the phone ... It worked once and then died ... Apparently the power adapter died after about 24 hours ... I tried another adapter and if it lights the unit , no charging is happening ... I already disposed of the wrapping so I can not even send it back ... I lost 20 $ plus shipping for this PIECE OF JUNK!Is it visible I am not happy at all ?
 This is my first BT headset . I tried to read as many reviews as I could before buying a headset , and I liked the behind-the-ear design of this one , plus the Jabra name sounds good at the market , so I decided to buy one . It was easy to pair , but later on , it lost pairing a few times . I do n't like the feel of the main button -LRB- on-off and call answer -RRB- . It does n't give any feedback to your finger . You can accidentally hit it when taking the headset on . This is important for me because I do n't wear it at all times -LRB- only when talking -RRB- . Sound quality is good , I have to admit.The main thing I hate is , once you have an incoming call and press the button , nothing happens for approx . 2 seconds . If you start accepting the call and telling your name , the caller will miss that . The headset will not tell you when the connection is made , you can only guess . I think there should be a beep played or something at the very beginning of the conversation , so as you know when to start talking . This is really annoying as it is now.I also do n't like that this headset is thick . It keeps your ear away from your head , which looks funny . Please , do n't believe those reviews saying that you can even forget you 're actually wearing it . It 's simply not true.The unit is not working in windy conditions . Your partner will not hear you and they will be begging you to go indoors immediately.And the worst thing is only to come . My headset died in 6 months . It was never dropped or anything . The sound just became more and more distorted and my friends reported a crazy background noise -LRB- sg like if I was standing in the middle of a thunderstorm -RRB- , which I could n't hear in the headset . In a few days time it became worse and worse and at the end no understandable voice was coming through.I will not even try to get a replacement . I was thinking about buying the bt500 , but I read lots of bad reviews about that one also . I decided to get a Plantronics Discovery 640 instead .
 After trying other cases , I was hoping this would be the one - it was n't . It 's a little too bulky for my taste , and I 'm not a big fan of the hinge type cases . I figured I 'd give it a shot since there are not too many choices out there , but I was disappointed . I was looking for something small with a screen protector -LRB- which this has -RRB- but I just ca n't get over how huge this case is . With that said , here is my opinion : Pros
 I have the Nokia 6620 , and when I charge the headset fully , and use it for 20 minutes , it conks out ... I ca n't use it . It 's totally worthless to me.Even if I leave it off until I use it for those 20 minutes , I still get the low battery beep , and then it dies . No standby life , no `` talk time '' ... it also gets rather warm to the touch during that 20 minutes ...
 The software would not communicate with my phone . Customer service is non-existent . They would n't respond to my emails . I threw it all in the trash . I suggest you purchase OEM equipment and software only !
 This item worked well at first and may still but since I ca n't keep it on my ear anymore I will never know . The earpiece is cheaply made and recently snapped off . I would have expected this item to have lasted much longer than 4-5 months of light use .
 Purchased as a gift , returned because it came in black , got another black , returned , got another in black . So , moral of the story , its BLACK . Amazon , please correct this item to reflect that ...
 Although the case is nice , the belt clip snapped in less than a week of ordinary wear . Save your money and buy something else .
 My original seller and product feedback was very negative , so , I will try to ammend my original feedback here in the review section . The leather cell phone case I received did not fit the phone it was advertised for -LRB- Motorola V3 -RRB- and it appeared to be a used item with marks all over the front . I was so disgusted that I threw the case in the garbage and left negative feedback -LRB- for the first time ever on Amazon or one of their merchants -RRB- . To my surprise , after emailing the seller about this problem and telling him that I threw the case away , he still gave me a courtesy credit for the item . Very surprising and rare to receive a credit for something that can not be returned . I guess it was an honest mistake on the sellers part -LRB- Happy Cellular -RRB- and they certainly handled it with class to keep a customer happy . Wish I could ammend my original feedback on the Amazon site , but they only allow feedback one time . The best I could do was remove original comments . Next time I wo n't be so hasty to leave negative feedback for any merchant or product , at least till I find out how they will handle the problem . Bottom line -- product bad -- merchant good !!!
 Ordered May 20th and is June 3rd , no product or refund.Anyone want to loose some money , and time trying to get it back?Just order from these people and do n't expect much.Emailed them twice , called Amazon and still waiting ...
 I bought this case for my Slider Sonic from Virgin Mobile . Before you consider purchasing this case , I just want you to be aware of the construction of the case . This case is genuine leather , however the part that holds the phone to the case is clear plastic that is only slightly flexible . This plastic is sewn to the leather back piece . So when inserting the phone into the case the plastic tears fairly easily . I would recommend if possible to heat the plastic in someway -LRB- careful not to burn -RRB- , then try inserting it , because it is difficult to slide phone into case due to an extremely tight fit and the natural high friction between the phones plastic and the cases plastic . All in all just be careful not to tear the plastic from the case , which is very easy to do .
 The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone . My phone is disconnected and I just wanted to download my contacts to move to my move phone . I was not able to do that.If someone could tell me how I 'd sure appreciate it . Also there was no software in the package just a disc with links to the internet to download sofware . I had already download the software from the internet prior to purchasing the cable . Unfortunately buy the cable was truly a waste of money . The cost for delivery was nearly as much as the cable . It will cost me more to return it so I 'll just keep it .
